Would most PhD supervisors stop working with a student who was unproductive due to clinical depression?
I want to leave my tenure track position before fall. I have great prospects but no new position &quot;locked up&quot;: when should I break the news?
Using harry potter in my Statement of Purpose
What post PhD path alternatives are there?
Consistent programming language for computation (Mathematica, Python, Matlab)
How much impact on your CV will research in Computer Science have if you&#39;re an electronics student?
How much is an editor paid?
Violation of my academic right to privacy outside of my job?
What is a diplomatic way to tell a professor that progress hasn&#39;t been made because of their lack of communication?
How to teach my students to appreciate all fields of study?
Are the contents of discussion between a University and a student private or is it public?
Increasing chances of getting a research internship with no experience?
How much administrative experiences help for a faculty appointment?
which one have more importance to US PhD program ?TOEFL and GRE or publication records
I want to transition from Mathematics to Computer Science for a PhD. Will post-baccalaureate studies in Computer Science help me?
What is the appropriate electrical and mechanical safety review for non-significant risk IRB study of new device
How to find people interested in participate to build a question-answering system in spanis?
Overcoming depression and getting back on rails with PhD work
How is sexism unknowingly perpetrated in academia?
Why and how professor go for sabbatical?
Phd at same uni as MSc, possible offer but would like to change topic/group if possible
&quot;Internal&quot; license for group software?
How to cite a book that has appeared in multiple versions/editions over the years?
PhD requires technology - is this something I will have to fund?
Do I stand a chance in US universities? How can I ask for so many recommendation letters?
How to get honorary academic position in UK universities?
Are Honoris Causa degree worth as much as PHD?
What do I do if someone studied the same topic before, but did so inadequately?
How serious should I regard the &quot;compliments&quot; in an email denying my application?
Publishing a non-invalidating comment to a recent paper- should I contact the original authors if I know them?
What is the promotion rate of professors in United States?
What is the average number of articles written per author in a year and has it increased recently?
What kind of career path might be possible for a professor following a plagiarism scandal?
Is it ethical to accept masters admission from two different countries?
Debating with a Professor During an Examination
How much detail to include in first email to potential PhD supervisor?
Software for extracting data from a graph without having to click on every single point?
Whether to publish one big paper or many smaller papers for a given research project?
Are co-authors able to view the submissions and status updates in the Evise paper submission system?
Lack of take home examinations in mathematics classes?
How long to wait after sending an email to a professor before I should assume that I will never receive response?
Why are US PhDs different from European PhDs?
How many hours on an average do academics in business and technology spend consulting for businesses?
Difference between paper and master thesis presentation
What should I focus on before starting a research internship?
What is the best TEFL online certification course?
When applying to PhD programs in Computer Science, how much does subfield/specialty selection matter?
How to cite sources written in a different language than English?
What is the most effective way to negotiate for more time while waiting for other offers?
What behaviors (desirable or not) are encouraged by an incentive system based on publication throughput?
Options to complete my thesis when program no longer exists
What do I need to do as a potential mature student in the UK?
Can I submit an unofficial TOEFL score report if the official one won&#39;t be received by the university before the deadline?
Why do some universities charge an application fee?
List of Universities/Colleges in USA with Engineering program
Lost my passion and interest in what I used to love
Recommendation letter from a supervisor after falling out
How should one react when one&#39;s work is rightfully critiqued during a conference presentation?
Ethics of Accepting Unneeded Merit Based Scholarships
Could there be a problem with my PhD supervisor (lack of assertiveness, essentially a &quot;yes woman&quot;)?
Dropping a Masters program right before practicum to enter another Master program. Possible? Frowned upon?
Is it necessary to publish a corrigendum for an error in a corporate report?
Is it feasible to switch track from Bioinformatics in Masters to Neuroscience in PhD
Are there studies testing whether academia rewards researchers based on number of publications?
How can co-authors check the status of a submitted manuscript in Elsevier Editorial System?
Is it acceptable to submit manuscript to new journal if the first journal provides no response, is unreachable, and might be fake?
How many applications are usually received for a given PhD position?
Monolithic Reference Collection, vs Per Paper Reference Collection, or Both?
Which technology is better? Digital Mobile Radio or Terrestrial Trunked Radio?
Summer programs for European undergraduate mathematicians
Is it legal to accept a later offer (e.g came after 15 April), despite having previously accepted an offer from a university before 15 April?
Assessing the relevance of textbooks
m.tech dissertation
help, I don&#39;t want to fail this class
When is it useful to include the code in a thesis?
Is it reasonable and ethical to apply for two PhD positions with two different professors at the same faculty and the same institution?
Where can I read on how brain physically gets tired?
Bachelor degree in Electrical enginer
How much travel is too much travel?
Different CV for applying to university and applying to fellowship?
What texts describe a desired behavior when a personal conflict could affect a professional decision?
How do you determine the dipole moment of BeCl2 and any element or compound?
is a 6 years Biology Degree comparable to a Master&#39;s Degree?
How can I find an adviser for my PhD study?
How important are independent undergrad projects in grad school applications for CS?
Is physics taught using phrases that are too easily misinterpreted, and can this be improved?
Food for comprehensive or qualifying exam?
Is a MOOC &quot;degree&quot; worth putting on your resume?
How can I encourage my advisor to adopt better work practices?
How can I tell whether it is the volume or the issue number that is given?
Can I successfully adapt to an advisor who will not push me to work?
How to keep track of deliverables for supervised students when you supervise many students?
Hi, I like so many careers, I am a graphic designer and I have a job. Is there an online free university or an alternative to study other careers?
How do I find all relevant masters programs?
Help with poetry presentation
Is it possible to get a PhD Degree in from USA or Europe after doing Masters from India
Is it plagiarism to reuse your own full-text material from a previous conference in a new conference?
Style of inline citations (numeric)
About recommendation letters
Double Majoring in Math and Chemistry
Would most PhD supervisors stop working with a student who was unproductive due to clinical depression?
I want to leave my tenure track position before fall. I have great prospects but no new position &quot;locked up&quot;: when should I break the news?
Using harry potter in my Statement of Purpose
What post PhD path alternatives are there?
Consistent programming language for computation (Mathematica, Python, Matlab)
How much impact on your CV will research in Computer Science have if you&#39;re an electronics student?
How much is an editor paid?
Violation of my academic right to privacy outside of my job?
What is a diplomatic way to tell a professor that progress hasn&#39;t been made because of their lack of communication?
How to teach my students to appreciate all fields of study?
Are the contents of discussion between a University and a student private or is it public?
Increasing chances of getting a research internship with no experience?
How much administrative experiences help for a faculty appointment?
which one have more importance to US PhD program ?TOEFL and GRE or publication records
I want to transition from Mathematics to Computer Science for a PhD. Will post-baccalaureate studies in Computer Science help me?
What is the appropriate electrical and mechanical safety review for non-significant risk IRB study of new device
How to find people interested in participate to build a question-answering system in spanis?
Overcoming depression and getting back on rails with PhD work
How is sexism unknowingly perpetrated in academia?
Why and how professor go for sabbatical?
Phd at same uni as MSc, possible offer but would like to change topic/group if possible
&quot;Internal&quot; license for group software?
How to cite a book that has appeared in multiple versions/editions over the years?
PhD requires technology - is this something I will have to fund?
Do I stand a chance in US universities? How can I ask for so many recommendation letters?
How to get honorary academic position in UK universities?
Are Honoris Causa degree worth as much as PHD?
What do I do if someone studied the same topic before, but did so inadequately?
How serious should I regard the &quot;compliments&quot; in an email denying my application?
Publishing a non-invalidating comment to a recent paper- should I contact the original authors if I know them?
What is the promotion rate of professors in United States?
What is the average number of articles written per author in a year and has it increased recently?
What kind of career path might be possible for a professor following a plagiarism scandal?
Is it ethical to accept masters admission from two different countries?
Debating with a Professor During an Examination
How much detail to include in first email to potential PhD supervisor?
Software for extracting data from a graph without having to click on every single point?
Whether to publish one big paper or many smaller papers for a given research project?
Are co-authors able to view the submissions and status updates in the Evise paper submission system?
Lack of take home examinations in mathematics classes?
How long to wait after sending an email to a professor before I should assume that I will never receive response?
Why are US PhDs different from European PhDs?
How many hours on an average do academics in business and technology spend consulting for businesses?
Difference between paper and master thesis presentation
What should I focus on before starting a research internship?
What is the best TEFL online certification course?
When applying to PhD programs in Computer Science, how much does subfield/specialty selection matter?
How to cite sources written in a different language than English?
What is the most effective way to negotiate for more time while waiting for other offers?
What behaviors (desirable or not) are encouraged by an incentive system based on publication throughput?
Options to complete my thesis when program no longer exists
What do I need to do as a potential mature student in the UK?
Can I submit an unofficial TOEFL score report if the official one won&#39;t be received by the university before the deadline?
Why do some universities charge an application fee?
List of Universities/Colleges in USA with Engineering program
Lost my passion and interest in what I used to love
Recommendation letter from a supervisor after falling out
How should one react when one&#39;s work is rightfully critiqued during a conference presentation?
Ethics of Accepting Unneeded Merit Based Scholarships
Could there be a problem with my PhD supervisor (lack of assertiveness, essentially a &quot;yes woman&quot;)?
Dropping a Masters program right before practicum to enter another Master program. Possible? Frowned upon?
Is it necessary to publish a corrigendum for an error in a corporate report?
Is it feasible to switch track from Bioinformatics in Masters to Neuroscience in PhD
Are there studies testing whether academia rewards researchers based on number of publications?
How can co-authors check the status of a submitted manuscript in Elsevier Editorial System?
Is it acceptable to submit manuscript to new journal if the first journal provides no response, is unreachable, and might be fake?
How many applications are usually received for a given PhD position?
Monolithic Reference Collection, vs Per Paper Reference Collection, or Both?
Which technology is better? Digital Mobile Radio or Terrestrial Trunked Radio?
Summer programs for European undergraduate mathematicians
Is it legal to accept a later offer (e.g came after 15 April), despite having previously accepted an offer from a university before 15 April?
Assessing the relevance of textbooks
m.tech dissertation
help, I don&#39;t want to fail this class
When is it useful to include the code in a thesis?
Is it reasonable and ethical to apply for two PhD positions with two different professors at the same faculty and the same institution?
Where can I read on how brain physically gets tired?
Bachelor degree in Electrical enginer
How much travel is too much travel?
Different CV for applying to university and applying to fellowship?
What texts describe a desired behavior when a personal conflict could affect a professional decision?
How do you determine the dipole moment of BeCl2 and any element or compound?
is a 6 years Biology Degree comparable to a Master&#39;s Degree?
How can I find an adviser for my PhD study?
How important are independent undergrad projects in grad school applications for CS?
Is physics taught using phrases that are too easily misinterpreted, and can this be improved?
Food for comprehensive or qualifying exam?
Is a MOOC &quot;degree&quot; worth putting on your resume?
How can I encourage my advisor to adopt better work practices?
How can I tell whether it is the volume or the issue number that is given?
Can I successfully adapt to an advisor who will not push me to work?
How to keep track of deliverables for supervised students when you supervise many students?
Hi, I like so many careers, I am a graphic designer and I have a job. Is there an online free university or an alternative to study other careers?
How do I find all relevant masters programs?
Help with poetry presentation
Is it possible to get a PhD Degree in from USA or Europe after doing Masters from India
Is it plagiarism to reuse your own full-text material from a previous conference in a new conference?
Style of inline citations (numeric)
About recommendation letters
Double Majoring in Math and Chemistry
What institutions (especially in the pure sciences) that you know of, focus more inquiry and learning than tests and assesments?
Why do companies fund academic research?
Departure point for research in economics
Paper keywords: singular or plural?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of doing a postdoc in Singapore and UK?
Prof asked to interview me, now I can&#39;t get in touch with him - what&#39;s the etiquette?
How can I timestamp my paper without violating double-blind review?
How to write a survey paper?
Are programmers usually included as co-authors in psychology?
How to ensure proper peer-review for a self-published book?
Is arXiv a good path for very young researchers?
Can referees publish in the journals they are responsible in?
Can evaluation considered as contribution
Standard style when citing different authors from the same group
Do IEEE transactions allow for any &quot;co-first authors&quot;?
Non-traditional graduate student?
Link to article using a &#39;download&#39; or &#39;view online&#39; symbol?
What is the best way to design a paper questionnaire to support scanning and converting to raw data?
Using the same letters of Recommendation from previous admission cycle
List of all the Universities/Colleges in USA
How to practice speaking?
Experience with DeepDyve group plan?
Referencing: Which one is more ideal? (cite as from cited or direct cite)?
For government / industry research posters, should I include my university&#39;s logo?
What does delegate registration mean in a conference?
How common is it that publishers withdraw a paper due to incorrect conclusions?
Honorific for someone who earned a PhD in philosophy itself?
Is it possible to find out which author got the most citations in a specific scientific discipline?
I am so tired and un-focused in my postdoc. Is quitting my position a good choice?
Statistics for how many different authors post on categories of the arXiv
What is the motivation for a graduate student to help to develop a professor&#39;s MOOC?
Are sub-reviewers of conferences paid?
Phd in theoretical physics after graduation in engineering
So what happened to Episciences?
PhD in theoretical physics after dropping out of PhD program in Engineering?
Presentation of paper in Indo-russia social meet can be used as a published?
How to find the ISBN from the DOI?
Which Master&#39;s is right for me?
What is the average postdoctoral salary in China?
How has the application review process for NSF graduate fellowships changed?
Can I ask a professor to do work for him/her during the summer as a form of an internship?
Is it possible to obtain a Master&#39;s degree without Bachelor&#39;s degree?
Is it a good practice to put the initial work and improved version (both published) in PhD thesis?
Having the knowledge of a graduate student but not having the degree requirements for graduate school?
Should I drop my paper after finding a recent very similar paper?
Which publications actually count for tenure?
Ramifications of withdrawing publication offer (question from student editor)?
Will withdrawing from a graduate program, affect my future admissions applications?
How do I withdraw a paper from a journal after it was accepted but before it was fully published?
Do I need to wait for a journal to &quot;consent&quot; to paper withdrawal before submitting elsewhere?
How do withdrawn courses in my transcripts affect my PhD admissions application?
How can I gain professional experience for PhD application all by myself?
How long do I study on my own before applying to math grad school?
Changing tactics when natural ability is reached?
APA subsequant citation for two different studies with same first author and same year
Using previous student essays as examples
Why are some non-thesis MS or MA programs just called M?
Most number of co-authors in a single paper?
How can I tell a professor that I don&#39;t want to join his group? (science major)
Why do reviews of articles often start with a summary of the article?
Mathematical creativity: better a high profile or a &quot;laid back&quot; department?
Tips for supervising interns
Do teachers/professors refer to each other by their titles?
Will my paper be published?
I&#39;m affiliated with two universities: do I need ethics approval from both?
How to refer to an author whose last name can be confused with a pronoun?
Which free online academic plagiarism checker is closest to Turnitin?
The triangle problem
How unusual is getting a Masters degree in a slightly different field than Bachelors?
paper status reviews completed from last 15 days
Should referees assume that authors will see the full report if their paper is rejected?
Are there any actions professors can take online to contribute towards &quot;service requirements&quot;?
Just got tenured and promoted, but need to move for family reasons
Why add a minor to a PhD?
What happens to summer salary funds if one has more than three months&#39; support?
If using it to debate points can I create a local copy of a web page?
mentioning MOOC&#39;s I took in my scholarship application
To what extent is reviewing work beneficial for young researcher&#39;s career?
Using movie clips in a conference presentation
What&#39;s the point of a MSc if I can just enroll in a PhD program?
How to write a paper with a parallel but non-trivial approach?
Reviewing a revision, after the original review did not reach the authors
How do I write a report?
Should I keep all my .bib files in a single folder, or one with each .tex file?
Doing PhD in math/physics after obtaining a bachelor degree in an unrelated field
How much percentage of 12th class to take admission in Bachelor Pharmacy?
How to receive email notifications of newly accepted papers in a specified set of journals?
Should I withdraw my other PhD applications when I have a secured funding and a supervisor but I am waiting for the faculty decision?
Does withdraw of a subject have affect on my career life or acedmic life when im going to apply for master degree?
Is it ethical to withdraw a paper after acceptance in order to resubmit to a better journal?
A year + for first review, one referee report in, want to withdraw paper
How to withdraw from an application process in a polite manner?
How to withdraw your paper from an open access journal where it has been accepted?
Is it ethically unsound to accept a graduate admission offer then later withdraw?
Do I need to request permission to cite a &quot;personal communication&quot; in a publication?
When is it appropriate to close your office door when meeting with a student?
Do Academics use networking websites such as LinkedIn, ResearchGate, Academia.edu?
How should a university deal with outsourced essay writing?
Why is it that adjunct faculty positions pay so little?
How important is to have an online identity (e.g., personal website) as a professor?
Is it acceptable to include footnotes in mathematical proofs?
What are the best websites to look for academia opportunities?
Mentioning times cited, F1000 citations in CV?
What are some practical ways to invest fellowship funds?
Appropriately thank a supervisor for giving you a chance when you actually failed?
What should I do if I want to withdraw my paper from a journal but they ignore my request?
Submitting a paper to an international conference
Immigration for visiting scholars in Europe
How do universities verify qualifications?
Disclosing hidden disability to employer
Academic salaries at European universities
What is the difference between literary review and abstract
&quot;I am looking for a job&quot; on a student website, a good thing or a desperate sentence?
How does publication month and number of citations to a paper correlate?
Do Indian journals represent the quality of Indian universities?
About assistant professor job postings with no set deadline
What if a conference is not ranked but IEEE sponsored
Do I need second master&#39;s degree or not?
How to integrate greatest integer function? any general method for all greatest integer function?
What should advisors do if one of their PhD students has to withdraw?
How can I withdraw a publication from a fake journal and resubmit to a legitimate journal?
Should I withdraw my paper if I find another paper published with the same idea?
Is it legal to withdraw a signed offer letter from grad school?
Is it possible transfer from a MS program into a PhD program within the same school?
Listing rank of prizes on CV
Are page references required when citing the same quote multiple times?
Further progression with neuroscience education
Is it a good idea to take a break from studying a mathematics PhD and then considering revisiting academia at a later stage?
The effect of a PhD on a student&#39;s interest in pursuing a career in academia
Can a professor shout at a student?
What to do about fee from publisher for withdrawing unpublished accepted manuscript?
What kind of research is done in formal methods and higher order logic?
When applying for a phd, does a hiring committee cares about winning in various programming/data-mining contests?
Referee reports not coming
What citation style is mainly used in political science?
Referee reports delayed
How to reference &quot;letters of gratitude&quot; on the CV?
How much time does each stage of paper in Elsevier Editorial System (EES) take?
How should a university non-academic employee&#39;s affiliation be like?
Relation between subscription fees and adminstrative costs
Is it possible to retake your honors year?
Ph.D. in engineering after Ph.D. in mathematics
Going to a lower-ranked school for better advisor fit
When should I ask questions about a paper?
Is it acceptable for researchers to combine existing methods to create a new &quot;case-specific&quot; method?
How old is too old for a PhD?
How do academics make money from applying their research?
How to choose what to specialize in?
How to build bridges between mathematicians, computer scientists and biologists?
How to withdraw my submitted paper before it has passed screen?
How is it perceived to withdraw an application to graduate school?
Slow Response from Journal: Should I withdraw a paper?
What do I do if I really only figured out what I want to research just after applying
As a postdoc, how to deal with supervisor who keeps trying to involve my student in other projects?
Undergraduate research field different from PhD field
How to narrow down focus in humanities/social sciences?
What to do when you are a promised a research-based research associate role but are required to act in an IT support role?
What other academic disciplines aside from literature can a writer who hates mathematics specialize in?
Does starting a question with &#39;what is the impact of&#39; make a good qualitative research question?
Letters of Recommendation - Duration Etiquette
I found a trove of Computer Science Masters thesis unprotected on a respected uni&#39;s website
Puzzled with &quot;Paper not suitable for this journal&quot; decision for applied mathematics paper
How common is spousal hire (academic or non-academic) in the Australia/New Zealand system?
Is the distinction between qualitative and quantitative methodology still significant today?
Do graduate schools pay attention to joining Phi Kappa Phi or other honor societies?
Should an application for a second postdoc position include a reference to PhD supervisor?
Is there any way to only do research after getting a Ph.D.?
When is the typical end of interview invitations for faculty positions?
Which one is more beneficial, working independently or collaborating with other researchers?
Why the scholarship deadline extended?
Should Ph.D. students interested with research remain as research assistant until they find a research position or just find any job?
What contributions from your advisor must you specifically acknowledge in your dissertation?
Chances after Poor Start + Better End Bachelors in Masters?
Is it possible to order individual academic journals?
Admission to Ph.D. program at U.S. university without guaranteed funding
PGCE, but for multiple subjects in the UK?
Lack of mathematical training for a CS Ph.D
As a Ph.D. advisor, how do you feel about taking on students with diagnosed depression or bipolar disorder?
Can I hide the fact that I dropped a PhD program when I apply for another PhD?
How can a distance education student get a copy of the lecture notes?
Can I enroll to graduate school (PhD) in Germany?
How undergraduate research area affects Ph.D. admission chances?
Are there universities that allow an applicant for a Computer Science PhD program to simultaneously be considered for its MS program?
I need an advice concerning my Phd thesis
Theories on curriculum implementation
Is it acceptable to round up my GPA on my resume?
What research methods do &quot;qualitative purists&quot; use? Can you name a scholar who is qualitative purist?
What is the average salary of assistant professor in New Zealand?
Did MSCA supersede MCA or do both still fund new projects?
APA style for program used in a study
APA: How to cite chapter and edition in book
What are some techniques to get some work done during the Christmas period?
How is it in my best interest not to submit a paper to two journals simultaneously?
European Ph.D. student salary range web site
Does one need a master&#39;s in Math before taking a PhD in Math?
CV heading to include participation in scientific/organization commitees?
Other options for a 2x2x2 RCT design that would require less participants
Paths to specialize in antique book and manuscript conservation and handling
Theorem &amp; Lemma In Short (arXiv Version) and Extended (Peer-Reviewed Version) Papers
Technical editor changed author order of the paper
What kind of PhD proposals should I read?
Should non-talk slides be included in the handout?
strategy to divide the class of large number of students
Is it ethical to use past years&#39; final exams that the professor hasn&#39;t explicitly given, to study for a final in the same class?
Advice - MS in mathematics to increase competitiveness for PhD programs?
Worldwide Dissertation Database? or French, German, Italian ones?
Can we buy licenses for e-books and lend them to students?
Humanities - taking a year off between PhD completion and academic job
Should those more interested in research choose a postdoc or teaching position?
Life Hacks: Teacher Edition!
An outline slide in a lecture?
Fraudulent credentials
what is the best email type to request for Phd position
Do short journal papers (&quot;brief reports&quot;) count less than regular papers in psychology?
Are there any databases for PhD dissertations?
Does any publication venue make rejected papers available for download?
What to do with a new mathematics conjecture?
Should I share my horrible software?
Summer School in Mathematics for Master Student: are there any online resources?
Using my university email address as correspondence address to apply for PhD positions in the same university
Where to find latest videos of colloquia or other talks in your field?
How harmful is it for a PhD student to work with a supervisor whose ambition is greater or lesser than that of the student?
When does a paid research assistant become a co-author?
Listing Awards on CV as a Group?
How should I contact the Professor again?
I won&#39;t be applying for master&#39;s programs until next year. Should I start studying for the GRE now?
Do academics get bored of research?
How to present work that includes replicating results of another study?
When to book a flight for a faculty interview?
How to book a flight for faculty interview with no knowledge of available budget?
How can Springer and Wiley put a 12 month embargo on posting post-review revisions to the arXiv and similar?
Does consistency in how my name is presented/abbreviated as author on a publication matter?
Students working on lab software
Why don&#39;t people publish failures?
Normal Vector of plane for Rotation
Bad signs in a department for PhD
How can I get into computer science research as a high school student?
What are some way to give praise to a professor without resorting to flattery?
Should I apologize to my professor for not attending a lecture?
How do I tell my supervisor his idea is incorrect?
What do the anglo-saxons use as &quot;soggettario&quot;?
Why are the acceptance rates for publications in subfields higher than others?
Is it unprofessional to use graphics from Wikipedia in a poster?
Uploading papers on sites such as Academia.edu - copyright issues/author copy
Does doing poorly in a course hurt my chances of getting into grad school?
Why is an academic CV not the place to sell?
What&#39;s the best way to present regression results in a conference?
How to check citations and references match in a manually prepared document with APA author (year) citations?
How to list online publications (e.g. blog posting, etc.)?
Can an extended journal version consist of more than a conference paper?
Should interviews be arranged by less-preferred schools first?
Applying to thesis-based and coursework-based program of the same university?
Can an extended journal version of a conference paper include different list of co-authors?
How to politely follow up after contacting potential postdoc advisor?
A potential collaborator applies for a grant on his own: what should I do?
After an unsuccessful application for a permanent academic position in the UK, should I call and ask details about the selection procedure?
How should you refer to yourself in a paper?
Sponsoring a non-academic collaborator to attend a conference
How to choose romanization for non-Latin script in an otherwise Latin script text?
Elsevier open-access fee waived for subscribers?
License for Model We Will Freely Distribute
How can I tell if an honor society is legitimate?
What does &quot;Awaiting Reviewer Scores&quot; mean within the context of a ScholarOne submission system?
What are good principles for creating figures?
Reference management software that allows users to build their keyword synonym list
Free web hosting for academics
Is a Graduate Performance Diploma considered an academic degree for purposes of PhD admissions or faculty job search?
Academic writing software
How can I politely tell a professor that I&#39;m too busy to do research with him this term?
Contact potential thesis advisor with no topic in mind
What should I put in the &quot;about me&quot; section of an academic job talk?
Software to use for creating posters for academic conferences?
Thesis writing style: when to italicize?
Is it acceptable to ask another faculty member from different department to review my paper prior to submission to a journal?
Section name for class project reports, theses, short essays
Can someone continue her education in Germany if the first university degree is not recognized?
Is it acceptable to ask a professor who is not your supervisor to give you M.S. thesis topic?
Can research papers postulate a theory without proof or assurance of correctness?
Arxiv rejection of preprints
Applying to Math PhD programs with an math degree completed online
Is the PNG file format acceptable for academic papers?
I graduated last year and my advisor passed away unexpectedly soon after. What should I do now for subsequent academic job searches?
Is the Encyclopedia for Life Support Systems (EOLSS) a legitimate source?
Do I have the legal right to demand information on plagiarism of my work from another university?
Should I anglicise foreign names of people/places/organizations in my research?
German postdoc salaries (TV-L E14)
Is it advisable to talk about &quot;learning things I don&#39;t know in the field&quot; as one of the plans for future in statement of intent?
Should I mention not completing a Phd in a cover letter?
How good is the idea to do MBA after an MS
Is there any system that enables online office hours?
Mentioning a published paper from a current team member in a PhD letter application
When a Tenured Professor colludes with a friend to harass an undergraduate out of the dept
In my first year of a research postdoc in math, I think I may want a teaching-only career. How should I prepare for the job search?
What percentage of PhD candidates drop out in computer science?
What questions to prepare for PhD defense?
Does it matter where you go to medical school?
Naming New Inventors when Converting a Provisional Patent to a Full Patent
Reflecting bad experience with adviser in graduate school in statement of purpose
How can I get the DOI of a paper from its title?
Can a professor influence the graduate admissions committee if he or she is interested in a particular student?
Research on relationship between how an instructor is addressed and students&#39; evaluations of that instructor?
One of the coauthors withdraws their authorship after submitting a paper
Which tense to describe the analysis on a dataset?
Doing a PhD in physics after doing bachelors and masters in mathematics
Is there any ethical issue which prevents me from paying high quality authors monetary compensation, to agree to write papers with me?
What is the legal status of using copyrighted images in academic/conference talks?
Using fragments of online images in a paper
How would it look like from reviewers&#39; point of view if one submits off-topic works for application to phd programs?
Should a PhD Supervisor have a PhD in the same research subject, as the PhD student?
How to cite a statement that cites several other sources?
What are author and journal rights after a article submission?
What are the advantages and disadvantages to completing a Masters program before applying to a Ph. D program?
How should a social scientist deal with envy of disciplines that are more quantitatively rigorous?
Is there a way to save my students money on a textbook?
How would one fail a master thesis defense?
How to make good use of a small startup fund?
Does giving compliments to the fellowship help?
Freedom of Information (FOI) requests: multiple questions or single question per request?
Is it normal to find unknown work during peer-review process?
How should I cite two different translations?
I am re-taking the 4th semester. How does that look in the eyes of a graduate school admission committee?
Should I disclose my mental illness and medication in a PhD position interview?
Is it ok to mention assistance in grant writing on your CV?
Graduate schools with no test score cutoffs
Should I review for a new journal whose publisher is unjustifiably listed in Beall&#39;s list of predatory publishers?
verbally accepted offer; got a second interview call
How to remind a professor about sending papers to read?
Is it normal to be stopped from doing experiments for months due to &quot;equipment malfunctioning&quot; during masters?
Thanking fellow PhD students in a paper
Mandatory army service in the middle of PhD, will it be possible to finish PhD under these conditions?
Is there an informal understanding at universities about PhD student funding?
Rejecting a PhD offer after having accepted it. Advice?
Where does the US Department of Education report university graduation rates?
How to express an ongoing PhD degree in suffix
Two professors want me to work at their labs, and I&#39;d rather work with one of them than the other
Should the index and limit of an indexed family be defined separately in a nomenclature?
Standard method for showing changes made to a LaTeX manuscript
What is the format of writing the &#39;Literature Review&#39; chapter?
With a background in mathematical finance and desire to apply for a mathematics PhD in another field, do I need a second master&#39;s?
How to balance reading the literature and just solving the problem your self?
How can I show local universities that I am someone they will want to hire in a few years?
Phd in computer science
What are alternatives to Journal of Theoretical Biology?
Is it possible to keep one published paper in two persons thesis?
Proper procedure when promised funding not given to Ph.D. graduate student
How to convert Australian grade to US GPA?
How to convert from one grading scheme to another?
My paper was under review for two days and now is &#39;Awaiting AE Recommendation&#39;. What does this indicate?
Is my GPA good enough for top-tier graduate schools?
How do I convince my school to allow me to double major?
How to locate most important literature in an unfamiliar area
Does one always have to present new results when publishing a paper?
Where can I search for researchers in a specific field by location
Tips for computer science student from third world country wanting to develop a 15 year plan to make a significant contribution to the field
Questions to speaker per Smartphone in University lectures
PhD dissertation different from master thesis; What might I be able to do about methodology?
How do i find top journals in my area of interest?
What to do when university has not yet reimbursed travel costs for a job interview?
Is university teaching better than high school teaching experience in applying for teaching-funded PhDs?
How should I cite a publication where the author(s) are anonymous (but the organization is not)?
Is it common for people in academia to experience prolonged lack of sleep and how to deal with it?
What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised?
Is it OK to mention a two-body problem during a tenure-track interview, if getting the job would actually resolve the problem?
Applying for postdocs: mention two-body problem in cover letter?
How to discuss job search with your advisor when your career plans differ from what your advisor wants you to do?
When during the application process should a candidate mention that their spouse is also looking for a job
Is it okay to incorporate a block of citations from a review paper into my own paper?
Following up with professor after PhD rejection
How to write a good paper review?
Strategies for reviewing a paper that has non-English references
How marketable is a BS in Economics for different Masters degrees?
Is there anywhere I can find reliable reviews of popular textbooks?
Would it be acceptable to occasionally sleep at the lab?
Let the second author to go to the conference instead of the first author who also wants to go
Should I contact the editor-in-chief about a senior editor&#39;s lack of communication?
What questions should I ask when I visit labs for potential post-doc employment?
How to deal with &quot;too descriptive&quot; comment in dissertation proposal feedback?
Can I do a masters
Journal rejects my conference-to-journal extension, saying it&#39;s copied from previous publication. What should I do?
How much code to include in a Physics paper?
Grades in a PhD program
Will the origin of anecdote in paper violate double-blind policy?
Proof for seemingly obvious statements in thesis?
Should you correct grammar mistakes during peer review?
Is it appropriate to register a girlfriend with &quot;companion registration&quot; for an academic conference?
Developing meta-cognitive and emotional skills during PhD?
Is there a maximum duration for an MS in Germany, and are there allowances for medical leave?
When should I publish in interdisciplinary versus subject-specific scientific journals?
What can a student do if a professor makes special allowances for one student in a course?
What is the typical PhD application procedure in the US?
What is common in most PhD application procedures in the UK?
Should I feel bad for applying to two postdoc positions?
Does publishing a paper on arXiv prevent me from submitting it to a non-open access journal?
Sensible measures to ethically use freely available, but personal web-based comments in research?
Academic Amnesty-vs-Transferring: how does each affect graduate school admission?
Can calculations cause arithmetic overflow even if final value fits?
Reply to a professor who said no open position BUT admired the work
Do Springer, IEEE, Elsevier charge a fee for non-open-access journals?
Graduate Studies in Mathematics in Canada
How to ensure committee reads and comments on dissertation draft prior to final examination?
What is a social strategy I can use to respond to &quot;How&#39;s your PhD going?&quot;
Changing field from Computer Science to Philosophy
Is it legal to upload CC BY papers to academia.edu? Terms of Use are vague on this
Are colored in-text citations against APA6?
Can someone with only a bachelor&#39;s degree teach at a community college?
IEEE Style for Number Array
Some metric to find research project for PhD program which lead me to kick the start-up after PhD
Can a graduate student with deficiencies get an assistantship for the needed undergraduate courses?
IEEE and ACM gives very different results
Regarding co-authorship for a research paper
Decision for a revised manuscript
How do you acknowledge the useful comments left by the reviewers invited by a journal that rejected your paper?
Does an unpublished document you upload to ResearchGate count as prior publication when submitting to a journal?
What are the chances of getting into a PhD program in math after other pursuits in life?
Phd after a master&#39;s in pure mathematics
Is it possible to study masters in fine arts with bachelors in business?
Switching to linguistics from computer science – financial aid
Difference between &quot;referee&quot; and &quot;reviewer&quot;?
Should I apply for a PhD position with required programming skills which I do not have?
Measure quality of new born major
If you make a substantial contribution should you be given the opportunity to satisfy the other requirements for authorship?
Alternatives to Word/LaTeX
Should an Editor in Chief publish in their own journal?
How can I approach my professor when he is sending me indirect messages with another person?
How can I be a good reviewer?
Is there such thing as &quot;paper dump conference&quot;? If yes, what actually is it?
How to find DOI for article in JSTOR?
Should I learn to use LaTeX to write up a History Masters Thesis?
Can I refuse a stipend during a PhD program?
No response from summer school. Should I email?
How do you organize your research?
Are there formal or informal hiring bans in some academic settings based on gender and/or nationality?
Live Lecture Technology
Does job experience matter for graduate school admission?
How to peer-review a conference &quot;Symposium&quot;
What does author order indicate?
Part-time PhD workload compared to part-time undergrad workload
What is the exact meaning of a deadline for conference paper submission?
Are there any trustworthy Mathematics fee-based open access journals?
Graduate school without full funding
How important is primary authorship in judging someone&#39;s research contributions?
What should the chemist who synthesized a drug expect regarding coauthorship of papers on clinical trials?
When graduated and thinking hard problems by own, how to get help on hard parts?
How should a mathematics major choose between doing a Masters or PhD?
How do advisors typically apply pressure on PhD students to get work done?
Can I thank websites that host illegal book downloads in the acknowledgements section of my thesis?
Math paper with no &quot;Conclusions&quot;
How to deal with different stylistic advice from two professors/institutions
Accepted into university for MS in CS but rejected by professor for research
How can I gauge expectations better?
Is it okay to work in different lab during Summer?
Collaboration tool for students and teachers
Develop a statistical test to distinguish two prodcuts
How can I justify my choice of projects in my Research Statement, when I&#39;m not very experienced in it?
Supervisor announced he&#39;s going to present my work without asking permission, how can I get credited without damaging my career?
Is there a reason to spread your research into multiple journals instead of just one?
What to do when online instructor not giving meaningful feedback on research project?
Methodology of defining a research topic
Can I pursue a Master&#39;s in the USA in software engineering after a Bachelor&#39;s in IT in Nepal?
When is the appropriate time to email professors as a prospective PhD student?
In the US, if I cannot finish my PhD in 5 years, will I lose my stipend and have to pay for my own living costs?
Efficient ways to find the original paper which introduced a novel concept/algorithm?
Chances of getting into a CS PhD program from a math/engineering background?
Helping spouse adjust when relocating for an academic position?
Inquiring about PhD status and mentioning standing offers
One Extra Semester - Benefits? Trouble Planning
It is possible to get Arxiv article metadata from its article ID?
Searching for a good summer opportunity
Quitting after 5 years - miserable and depressed
Is the new ACM 2012 taxonomy usable/in use?
For what reasons is a class expunged instead of dropped?
How do you judge an Indian CGPA score?
After emailing a professor and getting no response from him, how long should I wait before sending a second email?
Should cheating be expected to be more common in Universities in India, and if so, how could any provided credentials be evaluated for authenticity?
How to deal with a professor skipping his office hours?
Is it possible to teach without a PhD?
What do search committees really read in a CV during initial screening for a faculty position?
What makes a MSc in Computer Science difficult for someone who has no specific background but 10 years of experience as a programmer?
Issues when splitting one long paper into two papers
Is it fine to ask who are the search committee?
When to get a doctors note if I might have to miss an exam?
Does authorship matter when applying for academic jobs?
Understanding an advisor’s refusal of an internship
What exactly does a citation alert from Google scholar mean?
Boxplot whiskers for a journal publication using APA style guide
Referencing figures or tables in discussion section?
Withdrawing from PhD with or without a Master Degree
Advice and etiquette for building up collaborations
How do people changing fields after PhD overcome competition with &quot;locals&quot;?
What is the average tenure-track duration in the USA?
Difference between publishing textbooks and publishing research for acquiring tenure
Do you contact the search chair before applying for a position?
What is expected from a business PhD applicant straight from undergrad?
Is it OK to mention dreams and future plans for a specific company in my SOP when applying for master&#39;s degree?
What qualities are organizing committees looking for in a reference letter for a summer school?
Can a single bad letter of recommendation ruin my chances of getting admitted to grad school?
When does it make sense to send more inquiries asking about review progress to PLoS ONE?
Should I list my work as dissertation or conference paper?
The correct &amp; acceptable phrase to indicate that some papers are very likely to be accepted
Where do researchers get the money to replicate others&#39; work?
What to put at the end of a paper?
Is it appropriate for a supervisor to suggest: &quot;Why do a PhD, why not write a novel?&quot;?
What other research fields like this exist?
If I buy a research article, will I get any potential retraction statement or erratum free of charge?
Can people with a 3 year bachelors from India apply for a MS degree in computer sciences in US universities?
Is it common for doctoral dissertations from for-profit schools to be unavailable?
At what stage in academia are you most like to suffer a mental berakdown?
high school students&#39; journals
Is it unwise to start a Ms/PhD program without a stipend - will it upset professors if I leave with a masters to apply to funded programs?
How to refer in an acknowledgements section to a group of people in industry who helped you in completing your thesis?
Is there a preferred citation style for computer science papers?
How often do Ph.D. holders hold faculty positions in different, but related, fields from their Ph.D.?
When should a faculty candidate notify schools about a competing offer?
Does posting a paper on an online forum establish priority?
Can a referee request a paper referenced in the reviewed paper?
Can I apply for MS in software engineering in USA from a non CSE background?
How does one address a tenure-track offer that is below expectations
What should I do if I cannot accept any of the hypotheses in a replicated experiment?
How to use international experiences for a US faculty position?
Is it inappropriate to share journal article reviews?
Ask an expert in your field that you have never met to write a reference letter?
Should I quote Wikipedia if I can&#39;t rephrase it?
What reference style is this?
Postgraduate certification/diploma in software engineering
Optimize lab report grading rubric to minimize grading time
arXiv is running out of IDs -- is their solution known?
How to cite a section of a wikipedia article?
What are different frameworks (in different fields) for measuring socio-economic impact or broader impact of research papers?
Getting article type information [New Result / Confirmatory Result / Contradictory Result] from bioRxiv
Typical experiences of transgender people in academia?
How accurate are published papers?
What type of gift could I give to my PhD advisor?
Should I include a selection as an alternate in national competition awards on CV?
Thesis project outside of advisor&#39;s expertise
Should I use fancy paper for non-resume application materials?
How to write teaching philosophy and research statement?
The review results for my journal paper submitted to the special issue of a reputed journal is 45 days overdue. Is it normal and what should I do?
What is the etiquette for thesis acknowledgements that thank God?
How to respond to exploding PhD job offer in Europe
What can I do to recover from a short term burnout?
How to find exercise problems as a graduate student?
I keep forgetting what I&#39;ve learned. Should I even consider pursuing advanced degree in math?
Route that I should take to Artificial Intelligence?
Is Research Fellow a gender-neutral term?
Programming languages in computer science / applied math academic journals
Can you do a post graduate in Math(or some other hard sciences) if you major in a soft science?
Starting a PhD unrelated to your degree
What is proper author order when you write paper based on colleague&#39;s work?
Who is the copyright holder of a PhD thesis published in ProQuest?
What is behind the &quot;Indian Undergrad Research Experience&quot;-spam?
Whether to ask journal editor to review two papers simultaneously because the papers are mutually dependent on each other?
How common is a MSc fail / pass / merit / distinction
How to cite earlier work, discovered only at the end, that claims similar results to a recently completed project?
What are the best criteria to take into account when creating groups of students, to maximize their efficiency?
What is the IEEE citation style for content obtained from wikipedia?
How can a senior undergraduate find academic journals in math and computer science?
When is it appropriate to add references to own papers on Wikipedia?
Advice for writing Lab Manuals for undergraduate students
Examples of research resources for which Wikipedia is known as being amongst top referrers?
Should I report an accepted PhD thesis in which the literature review is copied verbatim from sources?
How to correct plagiarism in my own Master&#39;s thesis, years later?
Reading classical fiction books is also education or only entertainment?
How does Stephen Hawking conduct his research?
Can I Publish a Book Based on my Ph.D. Thesis and Other Practical Findings I Found After My Ph.D?
Getting a dump of arXiv metadata
How to calculate the rate to pay a recruiting agency for new students?
If a reference is applying for the same position, are they obligated to inform you?
Is copying equations plagiarism?
Big switch of field (from synthetic biology to cosmology) of research from PhD to postdoc?
How to cite papers where the names are sorted?
When is it appropriate to request more effort from a co-author on a funded project?
Accepting a PhD offer from my tutor&#39;s/adviser&#39;s &quot;rival&quot;?
Editor&#39;s mail with no reviewer&#39;s comment
H-index: Any quantitative (or other) measures on how well h-index actually measures scientific productivity?
How to represent and cite a patent using BibTeX?
Should I change “colour” to “color” when incorporating a Canadian article into an American book?
Working on multiple research projects as an undergraduate with different professors
Tenure vs nontenure jobs
How to integrate a paper where I am third author, but did a lot of work, into my master&#39;s thesis?
Research on pedagogical benefit of lab reports at the graduate level?
Is regional accreditation important for a masters degree?
What to do in the summer if math REUs reject me? Should I still apply to grad school?
How should I list the conferences and courses I attend as an undergrad student to my CV?
What is the most effective means of negotiating an academic requirement?
Is it wrong to leave Ph.D program after MS?
How bad is a B+ for master&#39;s application?
Is there some generally academic accepted categorization of subject areas and subject categories?
What are the benefits of PhD students working on projects where they won&#39;t be first-author?
If you work at a university and take courses, is the degree the same?
Should a CV for a fellowship application ever include test scores even if these scores are not requested?
Should I give partly score of my English certification in my CV?
How do I turn down an internship offer by a professor because I have a better offer in a corporate research lab?
Extracting the list of journal quarters in my field, as a worksheet file, from Web of Science
What are all the rights and privileges pertaining thereto?
When developing a new journal, where can you find a formatting protocol?
Is there a way to find review articles by the keyword?
Is citation bias a studied issue?
What is the best course of action when approached by predatory publishers?
Tips on organising the survey of a large body of literature
What are the goals and benefits of doing a PhD?
What is thought of King Abdulaziz&#39;s hiring of well-known professors to boost citation count?
Can I get a university teaching job with only a bachelors degree?
How are TT candidates measured with different number of postdoc years?
Which is better for PhD application: research-based BS thesis somewhat related to interests, or extra courses + standard thesis in area of interest?
What to wear for a PhD/ MSc thesis defense?
Benefits of Academic Research
When is it okay to ask your advisor solution to a technical problem?
Company wants copy of unpublished work. Should I give it?
Should I review a paper that violates the maximum length limitation?
Is index required for a PhD thesis?
Master thesis: should I say that some results are a novelty in the field?
Help me choose section title
Is publishing a journal article covering failed attempts a good idea?
Are PhD students allowed to use funding for a custom office setup?
IEEE-format author line when one author is &quot;Senior Member&quot; and another is unaffiliated with IEEE
Switching tenses?
Going to a lower ranked institution for a Master&#39;s degree. Bad idea?
How can international students improve chances of getting into top US/UK schools
Lack of team support in post-PhD Mathematics career
Is it realistic to continue academic career if a supervisor is a sophist?
About Appliying for MSc Program
How to quote a non-English quotation in dissertation?
Are professors generally straight forward about admission decisions?
Is transferring to another university an option for an unhappy PhD student?
How can PhD student repair relationship with supervisor after PhD student engages in independent research without supervisor?
How to avoid sleeping in lectures?
How to make a connection with academics on Linkedin that they would accept?
Common grade curving or scaling techniques
How to Scale or Curve the Grades for an Examination?
How do professors interpret normally distributed midterm or final exam scores?
How to find possible donors?
How to improve my capacity to follow my advisor&#39;s instructions during research?
Student protest to force university to institute safety changes
Devry bachelors accreditation comparable to a regular university?
Admission in research based Master&#39;s/Doctoral programme with a bachelor&#39;s from a low-ranked University in India
Should I define two essential terms in abstract?
Is there any difference between PhD and D.Tech?
Is it possible to pursue PhD in different area than master&#39;s thesis?
What is the benefit of writing lecture notes for an introductory course vs using a textbook?
How are trustees chosen?
Are you allowed to copy text from your Master&#39;s thesis into your PhD thesis?
Where to publish (recreational) mathematics without a PhD?
Is it common to cite conference papers in a PhD?
Are there non-English speaking countries to give graduate admissions by considering GRE score but don&#39;t require applicants to have TOEFL or IELTS?
Is a copied acknowledgements section considered plagiarism?
In a PhD dissertation, can one copy the structure of the acknowledgment section from their own or from someone else&#39;s prior work?
A site about &quot;Further works&quot; is how much useful?
What are the best tips for developing a framework to write a (systematic) review paper?
if p is prime, show that $\sum_{1 \leq n \leq p}(\frac{n}{p})n \equiv 0(mod p)$
Are there any negative consequences associated with asking your former advisor about the status of a joint paper collaboration?
what does [citation] mean in google scholar search results?
How do I get mathematics recommenders out of undergrad?
How much of your p-value do you report in a publication?
Accessing CiteSeer database
Is joining a lab that publishes infrequently, but in high impact factor venues, bad for academic career?
Good book on English for academic writing and speaking for non-native speakers
Choose people or topic preference for PhD?
Relationship between number of public rubbish bins and MSW(municipal Solid Waste) among countries and areas
What style questions should I ask potential graduate students interviewing for positions in my lab?
Should I resubmit a modified computer science conference paper to a journal?
Value of PhD candidacy (&quot;ABD&quot;)
Is it plagiarism to use another person&#39;s unpublished thesis?
Is the ETH Zurich part of the University of Zurich?
Amusing remarks in papers
Letter of Rec. for future University application
Can my PhD thesis supervisor be a reviewer for my paper?
Article-based PhD and advisor&#39;s (new) role?
How to mitigate bad grade in research on PhD application?
Cons of putting accepted paper on arXiv?
Is it Customary Under Certain Circumstances to Provide Personal Information on one&#39;s Academic Website?
What to do when professor is not responding to emails or calls and his action is required to commence a masters thesis?
What is a &#39;Master&#39;s by Research&#39;?
What percentage of applicants on a wait list for masters program generally get accepted?
Am I legally obligated to submit all my codes to the university if being asked when quitting my PhD?
Do professors procrastinate?
Creative way to kick off a talk?
Undergraduate and Masters degrees in the UK before PhD. Why do they last so little time?
Why do some universities not have a comprehensive exam?
Will uploading a half completed paper to Arxiv hurt my chances of getting admitted to a grad school?
Does wearing a university t-shirt imply that the wearer is affiliated with the university?
Citing a revision of a 2nd edition book
What should a student do immedately after he or she is accepted into a graduate program
What is the difference between a research plan and a research proposal?
Why are Macbooks so ubiquitous in Science, if they are status symbols
Is it possible to claim my Elsevier submitted papers on my ORCID publication list?
Problem with my Professor
How do I turn the acceptance offer down gently?
Forum for discussing research paper
What is the notation for inserting algorithms in scientific papers
What is the role and format of the qualifying exam in CS/ECE programs where the exam is not in the form of a comprehensive written exam?
Submission paper to a journal with no reply
As a TA, how should I address the professor&#39;s difficult curriculum?
What power do student councils typically hold? And what role do they have?
Why are there so many awards in academia in the US compared with academia in France?
Is it ethical to host ads on institute provided homepage?
Difference between HS &amp; college math teaching
Measuring Learning outcomes
Equal author contribution
How many external reviewers is typical for a tenure case?
Professor doesn&#39;t tell TAs what should be on exams until the day of the exam
No reply from potential supervisor of my dreams: is it OK to try meeting them in person?
As a student representative, how can I convince the university to apply security upgrades to the online learning system?
Employer contributions deducted from quoted salary—is this normal?
Convert Spanish grades to English scale?
In a manuscript, how do you know when you need to source the brand and location for materials?
Updated title of arxiv not recognised by Google Scholar?
What is arXiv.org for? Should I upload my unpublished, but submitted manuscripts there?
Are there standard example research papers for teaching methodology and experiments?
How to cite an author mentioned in a book (Chicago Style)
What are the health impacts of standing / sitting while lecturing?
Is there a lack of oversight of how professors interact with students?
What makes a stellar undergraduate thesis?
Course load expectations for teaching track and how to negotiate for courses
Should a professor discuss his/her reviews (given by students) in class?
How long does it take to get a reply to your PhD application email in Germany?
How should I deal with discouragement as a graduate student?
Transitioning from languages to neuroscience/cognitive science for PhD, how to increase chances of success?
If one got good feedback from a double-blind review, is it ever possible/ justifiable to find out who the reviewer was?
How long to wait for an optimal/good PhD thesis/program, should settle for less exciting topics?
Is it considered plagiarism if I use my OWN answers twice
Ethics of &quot;recycling&quot; assignments
What do I do if my part-time master&#39;s program is changed to full-time?
My professor is rigging data and plagiarizing. What can I do?
Is it unethical to accept extra time on exams when I still do well?
Is it worth seeking disability accommodations if I get good grades anyway?
TA-ship requirement for funded international applicants
How to deal with premature student questions during a lecture which will be covered in a subsequent slide?
How to set bibliographic entry to display author only when applicable?
Is there a list of research funding agencies worldwide, ordered by money spent?
How can we make the academic enviroment more women friendly?
Lab-meetings: How to establish a good setting?
Flying with a poster tube as a hand luggage
What books, biographies or survival guides are helpful for women in engineering in academia?
Reading material on working conditions of women in academia
Are women overrepresented in the field of child development studies?
How common is it for women to drop out of graduate school because they have children?
What to do with an overtly exasperating colleague in computer science?
How does one prepare himself mentally to go for a PhD?
Are you required to declare past conflicts of interest?
Should one offer to take over a lecture that the lecturer is struggling to teach?
Running out of Algebraic Symbols
How to deal with graduate school rejection and overall academic failure?
What, if anything, obligates a student to work with an advisor who lobbied for him/her to get funding?
What is a reasonable number of grad schools to apply to for a PhD in computer science?
How can I show my potential in my mail to the professors?
can we earn money through a research publication?
Having a co-author as an external examiner for doctoral thesis defense
Should researchers disclose their political interests in publications?
Choice between more flexible distance learning degree or Russel Group University
Largest PhD programs in mathematics
Sourcing lecture notes instead of publications
Must graphs in a mathematical PhD thesis be drawn nicely?
Can abuse break a genius?
Another instructor is pushing me out of the classroom right after my class ends
How is a PhD project budget set?
How big are Mathematics research projects usually?
How do we prevent a professor from releasing our class project as his own research?
Stay or leave for PhD
On-campus vs Online master&#39;s degree
Is it a good idea to leave a PhD program for another one in a better school after two years?
How much reputational value is added to a journal by being indexed in various abstracting and indexing (A&amp;I) databases?
How to target possible authors? Ethics of increasing the visibility of open access journals
Leaving academia - what to do with the personal website?
How to stand out in math graduate school admissions
Include background to ideas for future work in related work chapter of master thesis?
Editor rejected my paper stating that reviewers had refused to review it long after submission; How can I understand what is wrong with my paper?
Wrong article submission
Are faculty positions more competitive than government research lab positions?
Tool to manage and/or make available a list of my publications on the web? 
Is it permitted to cite works by members of my own family, in classwork?
How to begin a class with humor
How to be a cultural representative as an academic?
How should I handle students who ask questions that are &quot;beyond the scope of the course&quot; as a TA
Elsevier Computers and Security &quot;With Editor&quot; status just after 12 hours - what does it mean?
Mechanical eng masters after Bsc mathematics
How to cite my earlier paper which is submitted to the same conference?
How would we identify a better measure of academic productivity?
Can i shift my subject from Chemistry to IT
Who to use for LORs for Business Analytics Programs
How to prevent too many students from making appointments to meet with you when you put &quot;Office Hours: ..., or by appointment&quot; on the syllabus?
Earning a phd at an older age
PhD research without age limit
Age and applying for colleges
Am I too old for academia after a PhD?
How do academics get away with writing detailed recommendation letters?
I want to do research but I&#39;m too old for a PHD
Can I use map, fold, filter in publications?
How difficult is it to undertake a Humanities PhD. at Harvard (converting to the American system from Europe/UK?)
How do I know if I am truly prepared for graduate school in mathematics?
Practical strategies for increasing one&#39;s passion and excitement about research?
How to do evaluation when the methodology is unique?
Is it fair to blame authors for exorbitant book costs?
Google Scholar - how to make English profile name show same citations as Cyrillic alphabet search results?
After starting a PhD in Mathematics, I realized I am more interested in Statistics - can I transfer to a Statistics PhD?
How to address a professor that makes offensive comments (that they don&#39;t realize are offensive)?
Is there a research exchange program for postdocs between UK and worldwide universities?
How to phrase potential contributions in thesis proposal?
Mature PhD Project Application - How are these received?
Interviewing at nth choice school after being accepted to first choice school
Is &quot;I don&#39;t have enough funding&quot; the most popular phrase used as hint for rejection
Does an acceptance of an abstract mean that I will definitely be presenting at the conference?
How to professionally interact with a famous scholar (e.g. asking for a photo from a Nobel laureate)
Convince professor to allow submitting paper?
Should a letter of recommendation be customised for each university when applying for a masters program?
How could publishers, in particular disreputable ones, prove that you “signed” a copyright agreement?
Is it possible to get into a good masters program in computer science with a 3-3.5 GPA?
Is it correct to refer to a neurosurgeon with many scholarly publications as a &quot;scientist&quot;?
Do non-academic extra curricular activities matter for grad school applications?
Has there ever been a successful copyright infringement suit against someone using a small amount of a protected work in an academic publication?
Would it be ethical to resubmit a research paper to a different conference, when the original venue gave false informations?
Why are some good math journals not indexed by Thomson Reuters?
How are DOIs managed for ongoing time-series?
Do &quot;Online&quot; CS/CSE masters programs add any value when applying for doctoral/PhD study?
Duration of courses: hours to weeks and self-study time
Impact of student suicide on PhD advisor&#39;s tenure prospects
Job application with contradicting/invalid student feedbacks as supportings
How to cite a source that has vanished due to link rot?
What does this mean, &quot;We recommend that you consider submission to an alternative venue&quot;?
How many research papers are downloaded by each major economic sectors?
How to approach a Book Review Editor
Is there a scientific method to track and project progress of students on any training, say soft skill training?
Deciding when to quit a PhD and the implications involved in further graduate education
Interviewing for a PhD with intent to reject the offer if admitted elsewhere
Is it a good idea to mention previous rejection and subsequent improvement in motivation letter?
Can I have multiple research jobs totalling &gt; 1.0 FTE?
The fate of an accepted paper not being presented
Is development research?
What to write in application letter to address poor grades in Greek and Latin for classical archeology masters application?
Navigating the Thorny Issue of Receiving Job Offers While in a PhD Program
Switch from pure mathematics to machine learning as postdocs?
What should I do as a teaching assistant when I find cheating behavior from actual grading?
How to negotiate multiple tenure-track offers
What does assigning the copyright of a paper mean?
Establishing the list of authors for a comprehensive/review (conference) paper
how to find highly cited articles in journals with low impact factor?
Is there any software to regularize British vs. American spelling in a text?
Universities offering PHD in Economics or CS without requiring a masters degree
What to do if a class is taught by unengaged prof, untalented TAs, unpredictable exams and unfocused study material?
Best practices when hosting visiting speaker (especially with the questions part of their talk)
How to increase the reach of my bachelor thesis with little effort?
Studying for a master&#39;s in Computer Science after a bachelor&#39;s in Physics
Is there any research direction which is closely related with map reading?
How to cite a method that has a huge history of contributors?
Can I hide my bachelor and master degrees in CV when I apply for a PhD position?
Is it a bad idea to do research with multiple different professors at the same time?
Feedback for a student showing improvement
Recommended citation for own photograph
Proper citation for industry resource
Do all universities have a minimum required GPA for graduate school application?
Discussing finances with advisor: Am I being selfish?
1-year professional masters at excellent school or 2-year research-oriented masters at great school?
How to deal with an advisor who wants a &quot;friendlier&quot; relationship with me than I do?
How much should poster/talk prizes be spread at a symposium?
PhD in the US compared to Europe
I am a student of high potential but not great on paper, how should I go about transferring to a university more at my level?
Should editors and reviewers be listed alongside authors, to give them credit?
Access to U.S. top graduate schools from Europe?
Accidental Researcher
Which of the items below are worth mentioning in my admission documents?
Does going to a graduate school with less prestige than your undergraduate school hurt you?
Is it acceptable to solicit answer from university?
Is it true that it is easier to obtain a PhD in Europe than the US on average?
How to cite in-text same source multiple times (chicago style)?
Computer science central source for CFPs
Is the status of conference publications in Computer Science really absolutely unique?
&#39;Read before The Royal Statistical Society &#39; What does it mean?
How to avoid procrastination during the research phase of my PhD?
How to request that collaborators add my supervisor&#39;s name to a manuscript
Phd without research experience or good academic scores
What does a &quot;major revision&quot; mean?
When can a person be called a PhD ABD?
5 credits/year is a full time undergrad course load - why would a full-time 2-year masters require the student to earn 5.0 credits to graduate?
What&#39;s the difference between cover letter and application email?
I&#39;m the only grad student who wasn&#39;t asked to write a tenure recommendation for my advisor. Should I be concerned?
How do I cite or reference code that has not been officially published?
How to format code for IEEE Journals
What to do if professor comments on candidate&#39;s age in an admissions interview?
Do the reviewers ask the authors to send their programming codes for the paper?
How to prove/deal with plagiarism that is hidden behind bad synonyms?
How to integrate partial version control, data exchange and research assistants?
Value of listing OEIS contributions on an academic CV
Subjects lectured per week
Is It appropriate to put code in slides for a technical presentation?
What do I do as a depressed and incompetent TA?
Meeting with professors in other universities
How to acknowledge those suggestions on S.E.?
Can I complete a bachelor&#39;s degree part-time in Berlin?
How are textbooks meant to be referenced?
ACM-IEEE Proceedings publication notification (2015)
Proper notation to represent a set containing sequences of numbers for scientific papers?
Publication a prerequisite for PhD Programs
Should I put future talks on my CV?
How do people in academia know whether their research, result, theorem or thesis is original work?
PhD theses in mathematics with no &quot;big&quot; results or no results at all
How to do a good job of undergraduate advisement?
Reports arising from math workshops
Have there been famous/documented cases where people die from working too hard in the lab?
Hypothesis formulation
Feeling like I wasted 6 months on a side project that won&#39;t benefit me
How detailed should I be about my implemented system while writing a Ph.D. thesis?
Are there any resources to find modern (or effective) assignment types, knowledge control techniques?
What should I do if I uploaded my manuscript in arxiv and plan to pass it on a peer reviewed journal?
Research before surveying the literature - is it ever a good idea?
How to make my papers accessible to other researchers?
Apart from GRE and TOEFL scores, do I need anything else to get admitted to PhD in US?
Problems with Bachelor&#39;s thesis supervisor
Applying for a second masters thesis oriented
How should I control my nervousness, so as not to disturb my presentation on the day of a conference?
What to do when you discover a mistake in the archived copy of your PhD thesis?
Why don&#39;t Universities provide staff/post-graduate with stationery?
What is the purpose of an e-book with random verbatim abstracts pulled from journals?
How do I give credit to some image I included in my paper?
Is MDPI a reputable Academic Publisher?
Why are papers without code but with results accepted?
PhD student, issued contract at year 3 which will sign over intellectual property. Is it legal?
What are the standard workloads for mathematics TAs at state and private universities in the US?
Do professors get paid for supervising students?
Are undergraduate journals a good choice for publishing papers?
Can I get a second masters in the same subject but with a different focus?
Is it unethical to send unofficial feedback to authors of a paper which I declined to review due to conflict of interest?
How to clarify that supervisor writing a reference is not related to me even though we have the same last name?
Why are the registration fees for academic conferences so high?
What can cause a delay of several weeks between an editor receiving reviews and you receiving a response from the editor?
Does having a more successful professor write your letter of recommendation improve your chances of having your application accepted?
What problems are caused by pedagogical blogging about a class?
Do I add an acknowledgement upon initial submission? (to an anonymous review)
What is &#39;Persuasive Data&#39;?
What do you need to work in administration at universities?
&quot;With editor&quot; status for 2 months: is it normal?
What is the difference between the various documents that are part of an application?
What is the value of participating in proposal-writing efforts, for a postdoc researcher?
Is there a branch of sociology that deals with nutrition and active lifestyles?
A single definitive paper, or an initial manuscript and a followup?
Ethics of using company data from internship for academic project
Do research-only postdocs harm chances for tenure-track opportunities?
Does it make sense to get a PhD if a person does not want to be in academia and prefers to stay in business?
What is the reason that some departments do not allow PhD students to be instructors on record?
Speech disabilites for PhD admission for international applicants
What does &quot;qualify for a more competitive rate&quot; mean when booking flights for academic travel?
How much does an undergraduate degree matter for an academic career?
How to share computer code?
Refworks Bibliography Output Style Choice, for Springer?
Is doing a PhD a good way to develop a deeper understanding of quantitative finance and statistics?
Do research grants from USA governmental agencies (e.g. NSF, NIH, DOE, etc) require that all of the PIs be affliated with a university?
What is relationship between post-doc experience and number of publications on Salary/appointment levels in New Zealand universities?
What to do with research results while being in high school?
Is it possible for an F-1 graduate student in US to do internship in Europe?
How to help a student researcher with narcolepsy continue research
Ethics of not referencing StackExchange in a publication?
Propose modifications to a travel arrangement to visit graduate school
Breaking an axis - is it ever a good idea?
The advantage of EPS over PDF? And why so many journals ask for EPS alone?
How to foster gender diversity as an organizer
Alternatives to ArXiv
How to stay in touch with professor after graduating?
Showing figures from a paper in presentation
Remote PhD Using My MSc University&#39;s Lab
Grading: students give correct answers, but in the wrong places
Decline for and reapply next year?
Asking about the status of paper you refereed?
Should you talk about your other research areas in a tenure-track job talk?
Differences between the introduction of a sandwich thesis and a paper
is it ethical to publish the same paper in a conference proceedings and a journal?
Should the Advisors and PIs always be a coauthor?
The book suggested for a class has bad reviews, should I use it or another?
Why should I format a citation manually without bibliographic software?
How to find only the papers that cite a particular article in an important way?
Is talking about quitting to your supervisor a point of no return?
Received an email from potential advisor and my name was wrong. should I correct him?
How to tailor cv for travel grant applications
Under what circumstances can the university council withhold Ph.D. degree?
Studies on lost teaching hours due to USA Affordable Care Act?
Ratio of applicants to jobs for engineering professor or assistant professor
Can student second author go to conference?
Meaning of &quot;recommend with reservation&quot;
How to ask other researchers to share their datasets?
Did you usually solve exercises in a theoretical reference book when doing research?
Can I be a lecturer without doing research?
Are you permitted to forward the reviews from a rejected manuscript when submitting to a new journal?
Can a masters student apply for a second masters in the same field at another university?
Is having two degrees in the same subject useful?
Ask clarifications to a professor of another university
Is it legal to include another person&#39;s result in my research paper?
How should an graduate student with Aspergers syndrome prepare for a teaching career?
When writing an email asking for PhD positions/projects
Professor wants to expropriate submitted code for commercial use
Undergraduate thesis main author credit and prestige
Do you think a computational math student should go to student seminars about pure math?
Can a professor refuse to introduce any textbook for a course?
Plagiarism detection software – comparing two long documents
How important is the statement of purpose in a PhD application for admission to a top school in the US?
How important is age in CS PhD admissions?
How prestigious is a Microsoft Research scholarship
How do I find out when grad schools host their open house?
As a department head, what to do if a professor leaves without giving out grades?
Source code plagiarism detection tool that checks against online content
Resubmission of paper has been &quot;under consideration&quot; for 30 days. Request update?
Careless uninterested potential advisor
Can I force my professor to give me a copy of his powerpoint presentation?
Reapplying to a PhD program while attending another one
Is it possible to publish a paper on a topic about which you already wrote an online article?
I have asked a professor if he were available for being my graduate thesis advisor, now my bachelor thesis advisor is angry with me
Effect of Low credit hours/ long undergrad on grad school
Consequences I should expect of violence in my classroom
How are interactions with professors on postgraduate open days taken into account in admissions decisions?
How common is it that professors have their students write textbooks?
Is it a mistake to fail to mention future career plans in an application for admission to an MSc in pure mathematics?
Are salaries for academic jobs in New Zealand negotiable?
What could be an electronic way to verify that someone is from a specific university department or university?
Does a department have any obligation to respond to a student petition against a teacher?
Do colleges/professors sign contracts with educational publishers that require them to use the publisher&#39;s learning platform?
Will writing MSC instead of MSc in an application count against me?
Will working after bachelors reduce my chances of getting into a PhD program?
Can New Zealand/Australian academics do consulting work during summers?
How common is it for tenured professors to retire?
Department not giving me TAships after a dispute with professor, what should I do?
Should an e-mail application to a lab for a masters thesis include attachments, or should I wait for these documents to be requested?
How does the admissions process work for US Ph.D. programs, particularly for weak or borderline students?
Are US PhD admission offers binding?
Correct name for experiment aimed at confirming an alternative Hypothesis?
Using a graphics tablet to support recorded lectures?
Taylor and Francis Manuscript Status &quot;Under Review&quot;
What is the requirement for submitting a revised workshop paper to a conf in CS?
Do I have to translate primary and secondary sources into English for a dissertation?
Is it a standard practice of tenure and promotion committee to ask for review reports of some published papers of the one evaluated?
How to keep one&#39;s focus during discussions, meetings and lectures
How do I deal with graduate school rejection from an university that I considered easy to get into?
What&#39;s my professional title while working full time on my PhD?
What strategy should I follow for lecturing a course in which I have only a basic background?
How much weight does the tripos III carry for further PhD admissions?
How to prepare for long-term dissertation fieldwork?
What is the best way to learn without thinking ahead?
How to pick a PhD topic?
How to motivate speakers to give less specialized talks at a &quot;colloquium?&quot;
What challenges to expect for admission to Masters/PhD in computer science and engineering after chemical engineering undergrad?
Prof&#39;s neurological health is declining rapidly. What can I (TA) do?
How to handle off-topic questions during an interview for a PhD/academic position?
When should I cite, if using code from Stack Overflow?
Self-Plagiarism in PhD thesis
How can I find out which universities allow a sandwich (stapler) PhD thesis?
Are free online courses worth anything?
ResearchGate: an asset or a waste of time?
Possible for ABD (all but dissertation) to return?
Are end-of-term student evaluations taken seriously?
Should I quit my PhD - workload, self-esteem and social life
What are the potential ramifications of a student intentionally deanonymizing his/her class evaluation?
Do refreshments attract audience to seminars?
Are the Master Program &amp; Certificates I am about to embark on relevant to my career &amp; academic plan?
I might not get any PhD offers this year. I would like to apply again , what can I do to maximize chances
Why don&#39;t typical US colleges offer more online courses?
How PhD classes are different from undergraduate?
How is a paper with multiple authors usually written?
How much of the statement of purpose should be focused on each of my academic background and my work experience?
Are IELTS past tests available for students preparing for the exam?
How often are poster presentations rejected from conferences?
Will lack of teaching experience be a major hindrance for a faculty position?
How can I justify having only two publications when applying for postdoc jobs in physics/chemistry?
Acknowleding referee suggestions after rejection
What change should I make in my current resume before submitting it for Graduate school transfer application?
Is it rude to ask an adviser at my current university to help me transfer?
When listing refereed papers in a CV, should I highlight my name in authors lists?
Typical phases of student experience/motivation in academic education (e.g. PhD)
How should I include a list of links in my thesis?
Is there (or should there be) a website to record errors in papers
Using other college/universities notes for practice?
Publishing journal articles based on dissertation
Academic fair use and using publication images in your thesis
How to cite large projects
Master&#39;s Degree Admission with a different Bachelor&#39;s specialization
Apply for PhD before finishing my Master&#39;s degree
What citation / reference styles explicitly tell the reference&#39;s type?
How should I cite a screenshot in APA style for my student paper?
Can a bachelor of software engineering study masters of electrical engineering?
How to resolve disagreement with project teammates over which professor to work with?
Should my SOP be a narrative of all the events in my life that lead me to develop my research interest?
Is there something I need to do on arxiv if I lose academic affiliation
In choosing a postdoc, how should I prioritize mentorship versus research opportunity?
What are some effective ways for someone without a graduate degree to increase their chances of getting hired as a lecturer?
How to get the most benefit out of a teaching consultation?
Prior thesis examiners as potential future journal article referees?
Is it normal for a graduate student&#39;s fate to depend on the success of a breakthrough idea?
Distributing your own papers in your thesis
Customary to offer a fellow academic a chance to rebut criticism in a paper?
How are research papers typeset?
How do I ask whether I am going to be an author on a proposed research project?
Teaching load in New Zealand research universities
Choosing a second option choice
How should one handle peers, competition and other social pressure while studying theoretical CS/Maths?
When to make thesis available for public access?
Should I use degree name as their system?
Can I omit my undergraduate school from my CV?
How to title a research paper of a problem which can have two solutions?
How can I balance teaching computer-assisted skills and risks of cheating at exams?
Open book tests and e-books
Methods or methodology?
Extended version of Selected Paper
Can mathematical ideas applied to CS problems count as &quot;undergraduate research&quot;?
one on ones during campus visit
How to ensure that the acceptance letter received is real and not a mistake?
How long before PhD graduation should I start applying for post-doc positions?
My professor wants to know if his recommendation is helpful
Using Industry experience to recover from bad undergrad record
GRE exams for those seeking a Masters in Computer Science
What should I do if a professor says she doesn&#39;t understand my questions in office hours?
How to turn down an offer if you aren&#39;t sure where you&#39;re going yet?
Books/resources about how to write a good Thesis introduction
Is it possible for people with a stutter to have a career in academia?
What can I learn at open-house events for PhD programs that would be difficult to learn through other channels prior to accepting an offer?
Failed to achieve intended project outcome, what to put on design fair poster?
How does a prospective applicant fail to qualify for RAship, but fit the bill for TAship?
Is it OK to get external help during your PhD if it is acknowledged?
How do the completion of online courses impact a Master&#39;s application?
How not to be like a rolling stone in research?
PhDs in the arts - what exactly do they do?
Does getting an offer from a U.S. phd program earlier than normal mean getting a relatively better offer?
Weaker chance of admit if classmate has already been admitted to graduate program?
European MSc vs MEng in CS when applying for PhD in the US?
Should I contact the EIC for additional information regarding his decision on my paper?
I cannot get funding to travel to conferences, is it normal to target journals instead and would it affect my future Computer Science career?
Postdoc or Job?
How should I present data written in another language?
Why are conference papers so important in computer science (CS)?
Is my code my intellectual property or the university&#39;s?
Wildly Varying Scores on GMAT and GRE - Should I Send Both?
Just joined a postdoc and I already hate the lab and the research topics
What to do if assignment is against student&#39;s religion?
When can I make assumptions in scientific papers?
Is it legal and is it appropriate to display religious items in faculty offices in the United States?
How to encourage students to seek alternate citations for an assignment?
How to explain to college that religious observance precludes me from living on campus, as required?
To what extent can I use the concept of &quot;God&quot; in a meteorology lecture without offending anyone?
Difference between &quot;Referee-reviewed articles&quot; and &quot;Referee-reviewed conference contributions&quot;?
Why are linguistics and law &quot;sciences&quot;?
How can a student suggest changes in grading policies
Why do some individuals who are productive PhD students at leading Western institutions, then publish infrequently as faculty in their home country?
Quality of English in a college recommendation letter
Graduate studies (phD &amp; Masters) after a double degree
Are there any mobile application for conference attendees?
Style guide for academic conference talks
How to cite a reference in another reference?
Is it possible to do a research on both Computer Science and Law, without a Law Degree?
How to report on an academically required internship with a bad supervisor relationship
How to interpret Italian grades for a grad school application
What computations of the Lotka function exist for publications in humanities meta-disciplines?
What is the equivalent of the laboratory notebook in the humanities?
What are the main factors that mean Humanities PhDs get published as books?
Is it good practice to let students consult their text materials during exams?
What is the best way to go about doing research as an undergrad (pointed question inside)?
How to make academic life bearable under stressing circumstances?
Post tenure job search in the humantities: a waste of time?
How to get my humanities paper published in the short timeframe before admissions deadline?
Is it unusual for a professor to submit recommendations to other universities more promptly than their own?
What type of Grad School if I&#39;m interested in Quantum Computing?
Research Questions / Hypotheses for an Engineering (CS) Thesis
I am a PhD student and hate it here. How can I warn prospective students during admit weekend without ruining my reputation?
is it possible to apply for a phD program in chemical (or biochemical) engineering having a phD in neuroscience
How much do math professors get paid in the United States?
Why do professors take on service duties?
How should I state a &#39;PhD dropout&#39; in my CV?
Introductory Structure of a Report Reviewing Established Knowledge
Email to potential advisor after submitting an application
How detailed should I be when describing what material was covered in prereqs on a masters application?
Resources for English speaking students with poor command of grammar and writing style
Is this a predatory conference?
If you disclose an invention, are you still able to file for trade secrecy?
Are there graduate programs available specific to one programming language?
How does an early career researcher gain a high citation count?
Professor/supervisor switches from writing emails in his native and local language to English - how to react?
Comprehensive Guide for Ph.D. thesis in Mathematics?
Do journal titles need to be included in a brief literature review in the introduction?
Will your undergrad GPA affect your graduate GPA in US?
Why dissertation has no score in GPA in United States?
How to acknowledge a colleague&#39;s authorship of text in a syllabus
I am having difficult first year in my part-time PhD program; How can I figure out whether I should leave it or not?
Comparing a career in medicine vs. medical research?
Advisor walked in while I was complaining about her; How can I minimize the damage to our relationship?
Are there any research careers except professorship for a person holding PhD in pure mathematics?
How can I publish a lot of papers quickly and easily, so that I can qualify for a researcher visa?
Between Impact Factor, SJR, and H-index, which is best for evaluating quality and prestige of journals?
Second phd in top rank university but online.
Should the captions in a figure list include their references?
Should I add the &quot;presenter certificate&quot; to the paper presented at a conference?
Is there a recommended font and size for a job application?
Transfer to math?
What is appropriate male attire for a professor job interview?
Why have a disproportionately great number of American philosophy professors graduated from Oxford?
Why are professors&#39; websites so ugly?
What is the difference between &quot;interpreting&quot; and &quot;reporting&quot; research in a scientific publication?
Why as the level of a college course goes up, is the course generally more specific and more specialized?
What are the &#39;objective circumstances&#39; that one young researcher should take into account when choosing a research topic?
How to present in lecture a paper that students have read (or should I not have them read it)?
How to persuade my advisor to keep working with me even if my grades are poor?
Is attending an academic conference beneficial if you are not presenting any paper? Does it reflect well in your CV?
How do I start my introduction paragraph for a research paper?
Submitting paper to IEEE journal using the standard `article`/`proc` LaTeX class
Is it unethical to enroll in a low-ranked institution with the intention of switching to a better one if possible?
What to do if I lose interest in a field quickly?
Masters before Math PHD?
In the UK is it acceptable for a lecturer/professor to join student societies?
What are the effects of not taking any humanities courses?
Is it acceptable to list unpublished papers in a PhD application for computer science?
Is the postdoc salary negotiable in Canada?
What to look for when doing research for an institution-specific statement of purpose
How do you deal with trolling students?
Would a good AP Calculus exam score help for admission to mathematics graduate programs?
What&#39;s the difference between regular (aka full), position and short papers?
Dress code for Thesis Discussion
Where should I begin to improve my Programming Skills(outside of the Classroom) while in UnderGrad?
Free, open-source substitutes for Mendeley?
What are the potential pitfalls of having a PhD?
How much do bench skills matter for a postdoc?
Can I have show two different approaches in single thesis, regarding the same topic?
Double-blind review with four references in a row?
Why are contributions to the education of the broader public not valued much within academia?
How to structure of a Ph.D. sandwich thesis?
Authorship change on conference paper after conference program is printed
Is it necessary to reply to a solution email by a thank-you email?
As a TA, what should I do about an error in the professor&#39;s lecture that I repeated in the lecture notes?
How do I delete rogue versions in Google Scholar?
Frequency of appointments with Ph.D. supervisor
Should applicants send an email to check the status of their faculty application?
PHD with no prior research experience, how?
Should you disclose the name of an institution that made you an offer?
Distinct Research questions in Phd research proposal?
How to handle pressure from collaborators when life circumstances make it impossible to get work done?
Myth or Reality: Employers will contact your academic supervisor and past collaborators to acquire information about you
How does the tenure process work
How should one maintain a relationship with a professor?
What open access textbook publishing initiatives are around?
How to choose the appropriate graphic representation (plot) method for the results?
PhD Email and Deadlines in the US
What to do when a recommender for an already-submitted PhD admissions application suddenly goes AWOL?
How does an engineering undergraduate apply for master in humanities?
Keeping track of definitions
More co-authored than solo papers in the Humanities
Is control theory dead? What are some prospects of going into this field?
Should I add a bibliography for this?
What tense to use in arts and humanities papers?
What is the official way of addressing a lecturer/tutor in an English speaking university?
Is there a stigma of assigning the title TA to an undergraduate?
How to handle an advisor who regularly gives me new work for my thesis?
What methods exist for identifying new potential international collaborators for a grant application aside from conferences and literature?
What is the origin of the &quot;underwater basket weaving&quot; meme in Academia?
Opportunities in theoretical computer science
Are all master degrees fully funded for North American universities?
how useful are solo papers?
What percentage of PhD theses are rejected nowadays?
Is the expression &quot;Deputy Head of Research&quot; correct?
Is it ethical to use another university&#39;s journal subscription if yours doesn&#39;t have access?
What date should I put on a paper that I hand in to my teacher?
What motivates scientists to fabricate results in prestigious journal articles?
After PhD in Aerospace Engineering, could I be admitted into a top university for a second PhD in Computer Science?
Can applicants answer faculty campus interview questions while checking their notes?
To teach English at the college level, is there an advantage to having a masters in English vs Education?
Indecision between PhD and industry
Should I attend a job interview after I&#39;ve already accepted another offer?
Do price and value of degrees correlate much?
What are tutorials in conferences?
Re: the advice of &quot;You should never pick a nice advisor&quot;, is it true that &#39;nice&#39; professors fail to produce good students?
When should a supervisor be an author?
What are the important issues to consider when using secondary data?
Would a 5-year prison sentence totally ruin one&#39;s academic career?
Transfer applicants. Who are they?
What are the &#39;right questions&#39; to ask professors at a visit day for prospective graduate students?
Faculty or industry applications without phd advisor&#39;s letter
Does writing code for an assignment after seeing similar code online count as plagiarism?
Which is better: writing a traditional cover letter or an &quot;actual&quot; letter?
Disclosing consideration for funded Master&#39;s during PhD program admissions
Giving back to alma mater
How to reuse a figure from a patent? Is it free to reuse?
What is the best way to retain learned materials
Patents and papers out of my field of research
How can I get a Copyright Transfer Form without notifying my advisor?
Almost everything we know is taken from someone else, so what do I cite in a paper?
emailing contacts after applying for faculty jobs
Sending a thank you letter to a research professor?
Should I cite or quote?
How important is relevant research for an undergrad?
Does publishing a paper with a non-edu email influence the review process?
Who is responsible for detecting plagiarism in a PhD thesis?
should I present solution ideas in a cover letter?
Is Scribd widely used in academia?
How to find out if a conference submission deadline is likely to be extended?
Education sections in an Job Application Form
Swiss cheese holes in my education. Do I go back and fill them?
Advisor interferes too much with my research
Do graduate schools read your undergraduate application?
Scientific output of researchers in industry and academia
Should I retract an article published in a disreputable journal?
How should I organize a thesis? -- Examples of &quot;exemplary&quot; research theses in mathematics
Academic Curriculum Vitae Template (possibly in LaTeX)
Education gap in Between Graduation and Master degree
How to cite a new journal in abbreviation form which is not found in existing abbreviation list?
Is it a good idea to combine the glossary and the list of notations in a mathematical PhD thesis?
How to avoid plagiarism when including definitions and proofs from textbook?
How should I approach the editor if I have been omitted from the author list of a paper I contributed to?
Whether and how to thank a girlfriend or boyfriend in the acknowledgements of thesis?
Is it ok to write back when no response has been received from a postdoc application?
Two-year Masters Degree in Mathematics
How to decline answering details about my thesis?
Can you abbreviate the title of the Proceeedings of the IEEE?
How to address situtations where the effort to avoid plagiarism results in less effective communication?
Should an instructor tell his/her students before the exam that there are multiple versions of the exam?
E-Scroll for University Graduates: Any problem?
I didn&#39;t acknowledge someone who helped with my thesis, is this considered plagiarism?
verifiable research statement
The editor doesn&#39;t respond after accepting the manuscript
Can co-first authors’ positions be swapped in a CV?
How are scholars supposed to use LinkedIn?
Am I allowed to process personal data on a cloud server?
What affiliation to put on an academic paper for alumni authors?
How much more does a recommendation letter from alumni help in PhD admissions?
Do any academic institutions publish objective surveys of alumni satisfaction?
What benefits are there to university alumni mentoring undergraduate students?
Software for managing departmental alumni relations
Is paper refering on pop science books less value?
Traveling with textbooks
How do theorists obtain summer funding after the beginning of February?
What credit does inclusion in &quot;Who is Who&quot; book add to the researchers and academicians?
How exactly should you go about submitting and publishing a research paper if you are not affiliated with any educational institution?
Is putting the statement/conclusion first considered to be cliched?
Is mathematical aptitude the limit of how well I can do in an interdisciplinary life science field as a computer scientist?
Potential issues with uploading copyrighted material to TurnItIn?
Am I helping my graduate students too much?
Can I use images showing up in Google search for my presentation slides without violating any copyright?
Is it ethical to accept small gifts from students?
How is a Msc thesis judged?
Is there evidence that open source research software produces more uptake of methods?
How can you tell if a faculty or group is on decline? Am I being used?
Assigning additional reviewers?
Expletives in academic writing for coursework?
Specifically academic alternative to LinkedIn
How to reply to reviewer&#39;s positive comment more naturally?
Preprint services other than arXiv (for other fields)
What should I do if, after choosing a Master Thesis topic, I find an existing thesis on it in another language?
Finding a research group where I can work remotely?
Can I use one job offer to speed up another offer (on my dream job)?
Should I notify people I mention in the acknowledgements section?
What is the advantage of becoming a full professor if you already have tenure as an associate professor?
How important is the &quot;major&quot; of the PhD?
How to respond to an unofficial PhD offer?
Should students be shown the grading rubric?
I have an unfinished translation of a speciality book. Should I write this down on my CV/SOP?
Multiple submission of same work for different audiences
As an instructor, how to show my appreciation for my TAs&#39; hard work?
Authorship ethics of Collaborative Science in Graduate School
Can I get admission in Physics grad school having done my undergrad in mechanical engineering?
Understanding a proposed schedule of a journal special issue
How can you find the DOI of an article that doesn&#39;t seem to have one?
How to use Google Scholar for plagiarism checking?
Applying for fellowships in the UK with different UK host scientists
Why is the phrase &quot;including but not limited to&quot; used in conference announcements?
Alphabetical authorship order in high energy physics and graduate admissions
As a teaching assistant, how important are student evaluations?
Using typographical variants of the same letter as mathematical symbols in a paper
How far can one expect a external examiner to travel to be on defence/viva committee?
Are there ethical guidelines prohibiting penalties against potential research subjects who have not yet provided consent?
Should professors with Chinese names be addressed with surname only or both names?
First Author of a Research Publication/ Journal
What should someone who works at a tech company that isn&#39;t associated with the work list as affiliation?
How is a new academic journal born?
Is it okay to report classmates cheating on exams?
Time difference between admission offers and rejections in US PhD Admissions?
Is there a master list of journals?
CS conferences not indexed by Scopus or Web of Science?
Does one need to be affiliated with a university to publish papers?
Do I need to add answers to the reviewers’ comments to a conference paper?
Are free publishing services, such as Globe Edit, worthwhile?
Are there any recommendations from professional or academic associations on maximum class size for STEM courses?
What does &quot;The references in general are not current&quot; mean?
I am about to be a senior in high school and I just have a question about doubling majors, minoring, and getting Phd&#39;s
Mail forwarding after graduation
What do these article submission dates really mean?
Which department does a professor in a joint appointment get his/her graduate students from
Doing research work on my own without affiliation
What can I expect from a Skype interview for PhD admissions?
What education does one need to be called &quot;Professor&quot; in the United States of America?
I believe I have solved a famous open problem. How do I convince people in the field that I am not a crank?
What software to cite in a manuscript, and how?
How to cope with feelings of powerlessness on a PhD?
How to decide whether to publish masters project in computer science alone or with supervisor?
Should I acknowledge institutions where I did internships on unrelated works?
Do US universities use GPA according to transcript evaluation services or internal evaluation?
How to rephrase this statement in a paper? &quot;Due to a limited number of pages, ...&quot;
Should I cite the author of software tool or script that I use?
Why do papers found online often not say their publication date?
Proper way to format computer code included in a thesis/dissertation
How to prevent cheating on take-home exams
How to make data management plans machine readable?
Is math intensive theoretical research in engineering sustainable?
Copying a proof almost verbatim
Is there any way to avoid wasting a long time in review process for mathematics journals?
Should a figure/table go before or after the first paragraph that references it?
Is it plagiarism to paraphrase multiple sections?
How detailed should proofs be in a mathematical PhD thesis?
How to approach PhD admissions after leaving previous PhD because my advisor tried to force me to manipulate data
Publish a Book Through a Research-Based or Industrial-Based Publisher?
Does software exist for supporting conducting SLRs
Typos in Statement of Purpose of PhD application.
What is a good length for the statement of purpose in a U.S. PhD application?
What makes a standout profile for applying to a top-ten ranked CS masters in the US?
What is a good way to tackle difficult technical questions during graduate interview
Does publishing a monograph with Springer in computer science have any academic value?
Is pursuing a second PhD in the same or related field a viable means of returning to academia after a decade in industry?
Internal transfer student; resume states my GPA as the average of my new program. Am I lying?
Solution manual and copyright?
PHD: Same core idea but in context of different country?
Question about phd interview gone wrong
Do journals with double-blind review allow submission with some of the references are yet to appear but already accepted in another journal?
Using WolframAlpha for a take-home exam
Would a (temporary) industry position before starting a tenure-track position have a negative effect on academic career?
How to handle a student&#39;s public speaking anxiety when teaching a class that requires presentations?
How to keep plans for a job change quiet?
Would it be ethical for a computer science PhD student to hire an assistant (programmer)?
What grading policy applies to undergraduates taking graduate courses?
After quitting a PhD program, would time off before applying to a new program be harmful?
How many editors should a journal have?
My thesis advisor is absent in my final stage of completing my Ph.D. programme
What goes in a student success statement for a faculty application?
How to credit a photo taken by someone else in my publication?
Is there any term that describes the main example that goes through the entire research paper?
What&#39;s going on: I got nothing when many applicants got rejection from the same grad program
How much non-thesis work should a GRA do, and how to let PI know if I think it&#39;s too much?
To whom can I report a professor who is stacking the deck for students to do poorly?
Is publishing with SpringerBriefs vanity publication for a beginner researcher?
Should expository papers (e.g., in American Math Monthly) be listed in CV under Publications?
Applying for a PhD before or after finishing master&#39;s
How to get a PhD (doctorat) in France?
Is it of academic value to submit two papers describing two different but somewhat similar architectures?
What exactly does it mean to say that a conference is &quot;peer reviewed&quot;?
Does a low page limit (3 pages) indicate anything about the quality of a conference?
How to be sure the axis labels are readable when printed?
What is the recommended option for a faculty applicant after accepting an offer and getting another better offer?
Is it possible to survive in university academia without applying for grants?
What is the procedure for hiring a professor?
What is the difference between department and faculty?
Tool for obtaining a BibTeX entry from a key, without creating it manually
Listing &quot;Note&quot; Publications in CV
Can my institute use my figure and put their name on it for press releases, etc.?
Should I give a copy of my thesis to those professors that supported me?
The exam time was less than the students expected
How often do mathematics professors move up from mediocre schools to good ones?
Submission of two papers in one conference?
What advantages and disadvantages should I consider in deciding whether to publish my academic book traditionally or self-publish?
How to show extreme gratitude in an email?
Are en-route masters in physics viewed differently from terminal masters in physics in the Canadian job market?
How should I state my masters degree in my CV if I finished the program, but the ceremony won&#39;t be held for several months?
Thank you note after interview
&quot;You are paid to answer my questions!&quot; - how to handle silly questions?
What to do when students bring me questions related to other courses and subjects?
How to handle relevant, but disruptive, questions
Should I talk about my PhD acceptance in follow up email to potential advisor in different school
Is it ethical to answer questions about homework for colleagues taking courses I&#39;ve already completed?
What does &quot;30 pp&quot; mean for manuscript submissions?
How can I detect a toxic environment while on the interview circuit?
Do people need to have their PhDs at Harvard to get tenure at MIT (and vice versa) in STEM fields?
Is it rude to ask via email to a professor if there are any internship opportunities?
Job Hunting for a postdoc
Some possible ways to respond to a student complaining about not having enough time on exam
Listing languages in CV
In a writing sample for admissions, can I cite a certain source in another language even if there EXISTS an English translation of said source?
I did not include all undergraduate schools in the university I graduated from. Have I lost my chance at ever applying to graduate school?
Footnotes: is there any &#39;rule&#39; on how to use them?
What tense to use when referring to self publication in a monograph chapter?
Where to Place Master-class Certificates in Curriculum Vitae?
software to organize (1) research questions (2) secondary literature (3) own notes
Is it acceptable to have a research paper with no references?
In PhD admissions, if a correspondence is opened with a prospective student, is it common for a professor to just stop replying?
After getting a PhD at a low-ranked university, would it be harder to get a job at a high-ranked university?
How to become a journal editor?
What is the most cited paper of all time?
Should a scientific paper have copyright?
What is the best way to solicit teaching feedback from students (before the class is over)?
During recitation sections, should I ask students for help in coming up with the answer?
How does one become an Affiliate Professor?
What are acceptable &quot;relationships with referees&quot;?
What is &#39;academic identity&#39;?
What are the common signs that a graduate interview has been a success or a flop
Is it unusual to get an informal offer before any recommendation letters have arrived?
How to decide the appropriate level of explanation for math in academic papers?
Are there any studies on how lecturer review sites such as Rate Your Lecturer affect student choices?
Does research require a certain kind of personal abilities or is it a matter of hard work?
Figures of Merit (Erdős number) in Resume/CV
Which math departments in the U.S. have people known for their contributions to Lie-admissible algebras?
Should all voluntary self-identification forms for faculty positions be filled?
Harvard citation style: Is it &quot;...as mentioned in Author (year)...&quot; or &quot;...as mentioned in (Author, year)&quot;?
PhD with Master&#39;s but without Bachelors
How can I cite an company website using IEEE style?
What to do when you have small yet additional results to a submitted paper?
What to do with an expository note
What to check when examining paper proofs?
What are positive and negative outcomes of requiring Ph.D. students to take a pedagogy course?
Math Undergrad Wants to do Master&#39;s of Statistics
Phrasing for one current fellowship and one previous fellowship
Is it OK to add extra paragraph to a paper during the proof stage?
What is an &quot;L.Mgt&quot; qualification?
What topics should go in the thesis Appendix?
Should computer science indexing sites be considered in rating research?
How to respond to PhD offer emails politely
I need some code that was made available by a student 15 years ago, but is no longer online. How can I contact someone in the group to get the code?
Can my Specialist degree be equalized to Bachelor degree?
What can I do to get academic credit/recognition from my hobby project?
Does having a masters degree from a Chinese university have negative view for a PhD applicant in the United States?
What is &quot;paper bidding&quot;?
Is it possible to study in China without knowing Chinese?
Why shouldn&#39;t I quote famous scientists in my SOP?
Is it a good idea to name some mathematical objects after my thesis advisor?
Should I mention in the SOP an article I made in the field I am just interest and has no overlap with my major?
Why the taboo against naming discoveries after yourself?
How to cite a reference of a study that appears in a review paper
Can I come up with a new theory in the course of my PhD research?
How does research contribute to teaching, and vice versa?
Is it OK to let somebody know I refereed their paper?
Who Owns the Publishing Rights of my Ph.D. Thesis?
Advantages to article submission in LaTeX from the publisher&#39;s side
Is taking a method explanation from books and papers considered plagiarism?
Applying for job at same university as PhD application
Can the US general schedule (GS) scale be mapped to academic rank?
Is it possible to do a PhD in pure mathematics after studying aerospace engineering?
Strategies for teaching with facial aphasia (inability to recognize faces aka prosopagnosia, face-blindness)
Research on career path after tenure denial?
What do those evaluating fellowship candidates look for before accepting them to join their research group/department?
Is it possible to get a PhD through government/industry/military lab, and if it is, what is the process?
Advantages and disadvantages of doing PhD research at a non-academic lab
How to select a publishing venue for interdisciplinary research?
Non-academic positions after PhD in computer science
Should I continue a project someone else started?
Difference between transactions and journal
When I reapply to universities which have previously rejected my applications, do I have to pay application fees again?
What papers can you ask someone to cite for using your software?
Do I need an introductory paragraph in SOP?
Is it customary for a student to reply to professor&#39;s email within 24 hours?
How to approach my supervisor when I&#39;ve finished the task he assigned early?
Writing a report/paper etc. - How to deal with citations that have poor English?
Proposing collaboration to an invited speaker?
Author attribution for books used in promotional video?
As an instructor, how to use the first day of class?
Free Microsoft Visio for Education - Mac User
Is it possible to get admitted to a MS program with funding if I have a poor GPA but good GRE scores?
What is the significance of the overview slide in a presentation?
Should I let potential employers know I have a job offer?
Is there deliberate gender preferential treatment in hiring or admission in STEM fields?
I have a lot of extra room for classes. What should I take?
I didn&#39;t acknowledge someone who helped with my thesis, is there anything I can or should do now?
Note taking software: referencing text to searchable keywords
Should I (an undergrad) call potential industry research intern supervisor by first name?
How to handle a colleague who hasn&#39;t pulled their weight
How to remind a professor in a school I applied to about an introduction email I sent two weeks ago?
Do references, notes, and tables count towards journal word count restrictions?
Can students ask for changing grades?
How to find out if my specific idea is really new, or if someone has already worked on it?
Good approaches to integrate research and teaching?
How much experience should a teaching letter writer have with my teaching?
Can I use an independent research to get a master degree?
Booking websites for student consults
What is a good answer for an interview question &quot;Why do you want to teach at this teaching university?&quot; (when there are several others nearby)
Which elsarticle documentclass parameters in LaTeX should I use for different Elsevier journals?
Should academic CVs include reviewing, non-academic service, hobbies and languages?
How to Access an American PhD Thesis?
What to do if I am on a hiring committee and I am aware that a candidate has exhibited unethical behavior in his previous position?
Should I worry that a graduate student somewhere gave a talk using my abstract?
Is it normal for an advisor to expect &gt;80 hour workweeks from PhD students, and threaten them with dismissal?
Is it possible to do a PhD in Environmental Policy and Economics if I do not have an academic background in Economics?
Drifting away from the &quot;boring&quot; slide in the conference
Acceptance criteria for short papers
How much of a role tuition revenue plays in underwriting research?
Flexibility of the Newton Fellowship?
Should I participate in non-funded bioinformatics research?
Writing first email to prospective professors about MS application
What majors study both computer and maths?
Graduate school applicant visiting a department he has applied to - advantageous?
&quot;Anomalous citation patterns&quot; as exclusion criteria in Journal Citation Reports (aka Impact Factor)
Career path after my PhD at Human Computer Interaction
What exactly is an embargo for a journal?
What is the difference between research intensive vs. research extensive universities?
How to make thesis-writing feel less tedious?
Time and money spent on conferences
Use paper as master’s thesis or sign up to a “direct” PhD program (and use the paper for this)?
How to demonstrate excellent undergraduate and graduate teaching capabilities in academic position applications?
Are Nature Letters still considered primary articles?
IQ and Probability of Success in Two Difficult Fields
Is it acceptable to use the word &quot;trivial&quot; in lecture?
Should I revise and resubmit?
Should supervisors read acknowledgments before the printed version of the thesis?
Tools for managing and scheduling meetings with students?
What are the negative consequences of slacking off after attaining tenure?
After revision: the paper is not anonymized - what does it mean?
When citing a journal paper, should I use the online publication year or the print publication year?
Is there any evidence that students are more likely to watch a video over reading homework?
Applying to a new position after a few months?
Motivating students when teaching a widely disliked course
Can I slack off and get a PhD?
Second bachelor degree vs Master program in USA (math/engineering)
Will I be considered as a very rude person if I call my teacher to check an urgent email
Academia deadend?
How much are local (same state or country) applicants favored in PhD admissions?
Citation feed for scholarly works
Do US universities still use imperial units in teaching?
Citing a Work that Cites a Personal Communication
Associate editor&#39;s dilemma with inconsistent first/second round review
What grades do I have?
Do European PhD programs offer the opportunity to take on teaching assistantship duties?
To stay or leave PhD after having completed 4 years
Is ignoring emails acceptable in academia?
How is cumulative GPA calculated?
Getting a job in industrial math with only a Masters?
How should we approach the authors of a paper and ask them for their data?
Changing Research Groups
Is it possible for an international masters student to get into teaching role in US Universities on completion
Guidelines for adding references to Powerpoint presentations
Make Up Tests: Should I alter the questions?
How can one successfully run a reading group?
Medicine background with interest in Computer Science and Maths
will lack of experience make it impossible to change my subject of study?
Resume writing guideline for applying a PhD position
PhD in Education - How competitive is it and what are admissions committees looking for?
Is it advisable to take trivial classes to better focus on independent study?
Is ProQuest a reputable company?
How can I anonymously store supplemental research data that I submit with papers?
How interchangeable are PhD students to most professors?
Is it okay to ask advisor how I am doing with my research?
How does one figure out which journals to submit a paper to?
What does it mean when an editor needs additional reviews despite a status of &quot;reviews completed&quot;?
Is it appropriate to attend a class one is not registered for?
How to ask my professor to write recommendation letter for me?
Resource for learning about research funding system in the UK/Europe
Difference between private and public universities as a faculty member?
By what main criteria does the mathematical community judge whether an open problem is important?
Can an emotional letter of motivation be harmful in a PhD application?
My adviser is hesistant about letting me graduate. How should I handle it?
Will my advisor regret taking me if I start slacking off?
Is it fair to punish absent students with a one-question exam?
Lost to find a topic for my reseach!
Internships for PhD students (e.g. in data science or programming)
After an unsuccessful first PhD position in experimental research, how can I get accepted to another one?
Professor not replying to my email
To experiment without experimenting?
Do graduate admission committees include persons from outside the field?
Asking the Editor-in-Chief about the reason of the review delay
Is it okay for a PhD student to devote substantial work time to projects the advisor is not involved in?
On agreeing on length of PhD program in advance and three year studies
What does it mean when one month after submitting a paper we receive a request for clarification?
Endnote outputting mixed citation styles in same document
Can non-teaching staff write teaching recommendation letters for academic jobs?
Should I answer students&#39; questions immediately or teach them to ask better questions?
How to deal with students asking very incremental questions?
How to respond to the trivialisation of one’s work and unjustified demands for a considerable extension of the research?
Overcoming nerves from anticipating conference questions
Should I inform Grad schools about being accepted to other programs?
During college I was in an accident, changed majors &amp; took a tough schedule, my GPA is low &amp; no recs from a prof, is grad school still an option?
Does GPA/Transcript matter for academic jobs after the PhD?
Why do people hang up papers on their doors?
Is it proper to ask an editor for clarification
How do I reference papers correctly in my masters thesis?
References on how often finances are cited as a barrier to graduate study
Why is it said that judging a paper by citation count is a bad idea?
Leaving a Master&#39;s Degree Early for a Doctorate Degree?
How to overcome my resistance to lecturing?
What is important in a job description?
How to organize the referee report of a paper?
If my research is applying methods from field X to field Y, should I do my PhD in field X or field Y?
Should you place accents on letters in academic writing in English?
What research shows how assessment design can minimize plagiarism?
How cite sources of 100-years-old analytical technique in a theory section?
Must bibliography entries match the original title&#39;s German orthography?
How to reduce student plagiarism?
what factors affect your admission in PhD in Biological Sciences
How to move forward following an unpleasant situation with colleagues?
Is it better to go to class, or watch the recorded lectures?
What are duties for jobs like Professor, Lecturer, Research Scientist, Research Assistant, and Research Fellow in the UK (Oxford)?
Can my degree be revoked if my relationship with my advisor sours post-defense?
What should I do if my master&#39;s advisor used a figure from my thesis in a publication without citation or acknowledgment?
Where can I publish failed research directions?
Trust issues with my PhD advisor, is it worth fixing or can I get out?
How to deal with Educational Testing Service (ETS) inefficiency and awful post-exam service?
When to take questions during a thesis defense?
How can one carry out a &quot;Russian style&quot; seminar?
What to do about questions that are designed to embarrass the speaker?
Useful strategies for answering &quot;dumb&quot; questions in a talk?
When can asking a question during lecture be offensive?
What to do if an audience member refuses to let you answer their question?
Are Mathematics graduate programs open to admitting a student out of high school with graduate work?
How do instructors grade a one-person project when everyone else in the class worked in pairs?
Can I do a PhD without MSc?
Are there universities or places within universities that cater specifically to shy people?
Should I point out typos on students&#39; important forms that I am signing?
Trend of postdoc in theoretical computer science
MSc Programme without a Postgraduate Certificate or Diploma
I want to sent PDF version of my GRE score to the universities but
No response from Professor, how should I write a follow email for recommendation letter?
How do I cite something from a background section that was already cited in that paper?
How important is a rebuttal for a top conference (CS)?
Should I apply for financial assistance to go to conferences?
Are there people who have done so much work before PhD that they get a PhD automatically?
How to write an aside in a journal article?
Difference between research paper and scientific paper
Must I decline to review a former colleague&#39;s work?
Apply for PhD positions with only one (or no) reference (letter of recommendation)
Dressing etiquette for interviews in academia
How do I get back into Mathematics after graduating with BSc 14 years ago?
How long does PhD Application Process take in the UK?
Can I call an assistant professor &quot;Professor&quot;?
How should one interpret a requirement that a proposal in pure math be &quot;jargon-free?&quot;
Why can&#39;t friends or family members write recommendation letters for graduate admissions?
Thesis: does the first page of Chapter 1 need to be in odd page?
Use plural or singular first person in abstract of a talk on collaborative work?
Is it reasonable to submit a paper to a journal that I have uploaded to the Arxiv 4 years ago?
How to prevent physical/psychological health side effects of workaholism in academia and research?
What do AHRS, EHRS, QHRS mean on a transcript?
Do Master of Research (MRes) programs include coursework, or are they 100% research?
Master of Research (MRes) schools in the U.S.?
Faculty hiring differences in Theoretical Computer Science between US and UK/Germany
Conference acceptance process is &quot;random&quot; -- is it any less so for journals?
Style for first introduction sentence - citation required for lurid statement?
How to use lemmas and proofs from another paper?
Do European PhD programs have a qualifying exam, and if so, what form do they take?
Are there websites for hosting solely academic videos?
How to create PDF of slides with audio?
Recommending venues and organizations in a paper
If a paper cites a work and its translation, is it counted as two citations for calculating h-index?
Points to consider when deciding whether to get married during a PhD
Is it acceptable to submit papers anonymously to Computer Science conferences that don&#39;t ask for anonymity?
How to keep code and output organized?
Checking/Ticking all the fields on a recommendation letter as &quot;Exceptional&quot;
What are the main goals of administering preliminary / qualifying exams to graduate students?
What kind of questions can I expect to see on a qualifying exam?
Why might professors in an online masters program give fewer assignments and less feedback than those in an in-person program?
Reference on abuse of stimulant medications among professors to enhance academic performance?
&quot;I&#39;ve somehow convinced everyone that I&#39;m actually good at this&quot; - how to effectively deal with Imposter Syndrome
Is it normal to feel dread before starting a faculty position?
How do I stop feeling intimidated by my advisor?
How to stop feeling guilty about the unfinished work?
How should I deal with discouragement looking at others success?
Translation of Dr. rer. nat. outside of Germany
When is it appropriate for a PhD student to discuss personal problems affecting his productivity with his advisor?
Should I omit some of my qualifications in my application materials to &quot;surprise&quot; with during an interview?
How to approach experts to get feedback on a paper
What to name a section at the end of thesis containing original material for future development?
Should you conform to journal formatting requirements for the initial submission?
How to improve self-learning as a PhD student?
Already a doctor but not satisfied!
How can I lookup the registering info of an ISSN number?
Is it appropriate to ask professors to give you a mock interview?
Are MOOCs a good way to show grad schools that I&#39;ve gained proficiency in a field which is not my major?
How to quickly understand the main idea when reading a paper?
How do you respond when people talk about the possibility of profiting from, rather than the exciement of, your research?
How does one go about starting a Massive Open Online Course (MOOC)?
Does one get academic credit towards a degree for open online courses?
Can I include the completion of Udacity and Coursera classes I have attended in an academic CV?
MOOC / video integration into classroom schedule
Plural or singular for a multi-authored paper
How to respond to &quot;How much funding will you bring?&quot; as an interview question for a faculty job?
Where to locate authors’ names in sentences?
A new model for publications where papers evolve over time?
Is there a required number of publications for obtaining a PhD in your country?
Can a University put a Creative Commons document containing a NonCommercial element (NC) behind a wall?
Are standard metrics of academic output skewed by the relative popularity of a field?
What factors determine acceptance to top graduate program in Engineering?
How are GPAs from different universities evaluated for admissions to MS programs in the USA?
How do we explain a timing diagram in a technical talk?
Should I tell other interviewers where else I&#39;ve interviewed?
Getting credit/ownership for improved software
How much contribution justifies being a co-author of paper
How should you respond to your teacher who cannot help you with a recommendation?
A faculty member turned me down because of lack of funding. If the university announces funding is available, should I apply anyway?
PhD outside of Germany after a Master&#39;s from a German Fachhochschule
PhD in Germany after Bachelors
How hard is it to succeed in research after an adviser&#39;s death midway through PhD?
How thoroughly do referees review papers submitted to theoretical computer science conferences?
Is it ethical to have manditory questions in an online CrowdSourced survey with paid particpants?
How to reply to an academic interview invitation?
Is there an easy/good way for professors to connect with corporate consulting projects?
Decision time on a postdoc offer while applying for other positions
How could one prepare for a telecon interview for a government lab?
What should a student do if a professor agrees to write recommendation, then retracts offer upon realizing he confused the student with someone else?
Can a paper be rejected because another paper (by someone else) based on its arXiv preprint extends the result?
How does the salary system for faculty in Canadian universities work?
How to politely negotiate PhD funding offer?
Safely negotiate a salary for a PhD offer - Germany
Received offer to work for free, how to negotiate for a salary?
Should an assistant professor negotiate for a larger yearly raise before receiving tenure?
What must an international graduate student do before arriving in the US?
If a PhD position I applied for and didn&#39;t hear back from is removed and relisted, does this mean I was rejected?
Is it always necessary to include a research question in the introduction of a paper?
Should I let my recommendation letter writers know that I didn&#39;t submit my application in the end?
Why would a professor agree to write recommendation letter, then mention in it that he doesn&#39;t know student very well?
How to thank a good teacher?
Techniques for good board handwriting
Possible causes of confusion and mistakes in technical terminology in bilingual settings
How can I remain motivated while studying for comprehensive exams?
How to make efficient PhD research in absence of the supervisor?
Dealing with adversarial grant committee members in interviews
Prevent plagiarism after rejection of a paper?
As a novice scientific writer, how can I publish a scientific review?
Should I submit a revised version of my paper before hearing back about the first version?
Should I block my facebook account?
Should a CV have footnotes containing links to proof of achievements?
Is it okay to add a lecturer on LinkedIn
What should I do when getting a C in a core graduate course as an undergraduate planning to apply for grad school in applied math?
How to find out the first name of a professor whose home page lists only first initial?
What percentage of papers submitted to a conference or journal have been previously rejected in the same or another venue?
How is a part-time degree (from a reputed institute) perceived in the academic job market?
Why do some Universities give honorary degrees?
What kind of design freedom can you permit yourself in academic writing?
Should I send a &quot;cease-and-desist&quot; letter to ResearchGate?
What can/should be done about journals that spam potential contributors?
What happens if a conference doesn&#39;t get enough submissions?
How to request an extension for submission to a conference?
What is the chance of getting a PhD position in Germany in physics?
How to narrow down a field of study when you enjoy and perform well in every subject?
How to negotiate for clinical vs protected research time in academic job offer?
Does it look bad to cite a single review paper repeatedly for many different things?
How should an academic negotiate his/her salary?
Considerations when negotiating a promotion from postdoc to researcher?
Negotiating startup package given differences in institutional norms
Evaluating and negotiating a start-up package
Are faculty salaries negotiable?
Do people actually buy research articles?
Have researchers any incentive to publish negative or confirmatory results?
Is it ever appropriate to correct a non-native teacher&#39;s English?
Would a legitimate journal send unsolicited email to an author offering to feature an article in their own publication, for a fee?
Is it possible to switch to a better university for PhD after completing a Masters in computer science?
My adviser agreed to write a letter of recommendation, but hasn&#39;t done so
Should I submit my revised workshop paper to a journal if I don&#39;t think it will meet the &quot;30% new material&quot; requirement?
Can I reuse my published images
Is it necessary for a journal submission to include the names of the authors&#39; departments?
In PhD admission is research internship or a job in a research lab better?
Philippine grade equivalent in the UK grading system
How do you prepare for a meeting with a potential masters thesis advisor?
How to evaluate undergrad CS programs when eventually aiming for PhD?
Is there any value in self-publishing a book as an academic?
Interview for pure math graduate program
Will it be a bad move for Master&#39;s to do summer internship in industry when trying to pursue a PhD program?
Are there any downsides to sharing a successful proposal with others?
Would successive rejections of different papers by the same journal lower the probability of acceptance of the next submission to the same journal?
To cite a publication with two authors in a presentation, should I write &quot;X and Y&quot; or &quot;X et al.&quot;?
Benefits of doing Part III at Cambridge (Pure Math) for US PhD applications
Steps for creating a scientific journal
Opportunities in Academia with a CS degree, mainly related with Machine Learning?
Download full journals from IEEE as pdf (ebook)
What makes a publication (or a publishing forum) academically acceptable for inclusion in a literature review?
What&#39;s the meaning of &quot;first-page-first order&quot;?
Is there a standard medical fitness certificate format for applicants to European universities?
Is an MS in computer science helpful in improving programming skills?
Send a question or thanks letter after receiving a notification of receipt of application?
What research expenses to request for early career fellowship?
How should I fill the &quot;First name&quot; and &quot;Last name&quot; in an application if I have two given names and two last names?
How should I begin my meeting with my former teacher whom I haven&#39;t been in contact with for three years?
Inventors on patent regarding research results
How much money an electrical engineering professor earn from grants in US universities?
Someone gave a talk proposing the idea; Should they be an author?
Why do some admissions applications ask where I&#39;ve been living and what I&#39;ve been doing for the last few years?
What incentives do professors have to serve on dissertation committees?
Does writing a book improve your chance for getting scholarship for applying PhD abroad?
Should I mention being enrolled in distance course currently as a backup option in application form?
Statement of Purpose for master program, area of intersts
why do academics write peer reviews?
Why do research faculty pursue administrative positions, such as dean, provost, president, etc. ? Do such positions spell the end of one&#39;s research?
How to write abstract for conference when you have no results yet?
Should first introductory paragraph explicitly state the subject of the paper?
Is it acceptable to include author names as a substantive part of a sentence as part of a citation?
How do I check my work is worthy?
Are there cases where an accepted paper is retracted for lack of originality?
What percentage of a professor&#39;s salary is paid for by tution?
Why do some fellowships require &quot;leadership experience&quot;?
Is it necessary to understand every detail of a research paper?
attendance date of my BS and MS course
How do you deal with being stuck in mathematics research?
Applying to History &amp; Philosophy of Science (HPS) PhD programs?
Sending a second reminder to a professor about LORs, after the first reminder
Must graduate applicants who will need funding submit financial statement for I-20?
What does it mean if a professor does not answer your email in time?
With some programming but no formal CS background, to develop fundamental CS knowledge should I get an MS or BS?
What to do when a referee wants to criticize someone else through me
Seeking TT position with criminal record (DUI)
Correct Academic Title, Necessity of Adding All Emails, Necessity of Adding Authors Photo in IEEE Transaction Journal?
Sending M.Sc. dissertation to a big conference
Submitting to conference without intention to present
Can I send math subject GRE scores to programs that do not require them?
How to &#39;stay up to date&#39; in your field?
Writing the Absolute and Relative Average in an Application Form
Will I be paid a percentage of the fee that readers pay to download my article?
As a postdoc, how to make sure I get credit for helping undergrad and grad students?
What If the announcement for a Tenure-Track position in a research-intensive university does not request a research statement?
How can someone from a developing country study pure mathematics/theoretical physics at a university abroad?
Is it possible to earn a PhD in mathematics with emphasis in teaching?
Do I need research experience to be admitted to a highly ranked mathematical physics master&#39;s?
How were people able to graduate with a PhD at a such young age in the past?
What should I do if my final year project supervisor does not answer my questions
Writing the GPA in the application form, even though the studies have not finished yet
Research reference or source for study before selecting thesis topic
Is there a way to improve the readability of equations in research papers?
How long between the acceptance and proof correction of Elsevier?
Can I include an Author URL as part of the Paper Document&#39;s Author block, for an IEEE Conference Paper?
How to organize content of slides for a conference presentation?
Mentioning that my paper extends my project X: compatible with double-blind review?
Is it acceptable to ask someone for help revising your paper?
Should funding be listed under &quot;distinctions and honours&quot; on a PhD application?
What&#39;s the benefit of delaying a tenure-track position for doing a postdoc (when you already have a tenure-track offer)?
How to cite the original source of an algorithm and a secondary source that provides a clearer description of the algorithm?
Applying to a PhD in Machine Learning without much knowledge of the subject
Do you not belong in a PhD program if you don&#39;t live and breathe your field of study?
How to get list of journals in a discipline within a specified range of impact factors?
What should a regretful student who is caught plagiarizing do to move forward?
MSc in mathematics from MChem?
Decision and PhD. Take a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity or pursue a life dream
Will it hurt you to leave a tenure track position (for another) after one year?
Is there some quantifiable difference between those who seek master&#39;s degrees and those who seek doctorates?
Access to journals for individuals outside of an institution?
To work in statistics for industry and research centers, is a masters sufficient or is there a major advantage to having a PhD?
Getting secondary citations right
Whether to tell his prospective employer that a new male post doc opposes affirmative action for women in academia?
Should I warn my professor about some errors that I&#39;ve found in his paper?
Journal does not tell me why they rejected my paper, even on request
Russian MSc programs in mathematics taught in English
What are some practices for getting a name change so that people can find me more easily?
Where to upload a reprint (post-print) of my publication?
Will it cause problems if I publish under a different version of my name than I use in my future medical practice?
Will a recommendation letter such as that written for John F. Nash be convincing?
Do Universities have a right to stop students from talking about questions on tests?
How does a &#39;quasi-tenured&#39; hire work in practice?
Should I ask for a recommendation letter even if I have not applied for any programs yet
Can I cite a URL only instead of author, title, etc. in a research paper?
Why might my tutors from several years ago not respond to my email request for a meeting?
How to gauge the prestige of an individual researcher when selecting a PhD advisor
How can I avoid having a specific teacher?
how to handle double affiliation in a research article?
Reasons for dramatic differences in pay for adjuncts?
How many recommendation letters should you ask a professor to write?
Research-methodology book in the form of a dialogue between professor and student
Is it more acceptable to list interview talks on CV if they&#39;re also part of a seminar series?
Can I send my accepted research paper to IEEE conferences?
How do you judge the quality of a journal?
Choosing a PhD field, based on short term or long term decision?
Is it wise to resubmit a substantially revised version of my writing sample that has already been submitted for phd applications review?
Do I need to send two official copies of toefl/gre scores to a US school?
Is there any general consensus that either Elsevier or Springer is viewed as more prestigious for publishing in engineering?
Is there a reason to prefer one country over another for PhD study?
How can a masters student arrange to do a thesis in collaboration with industry?
How to keep track of line numbers in response to reviewers?
Is it ethical for a lecturer to require students to purchase an online learning kit where kit is used for course assessments?
Is it bad etiquette to come to office hours that aren&#39;t for your particular class?
Is feeling lonely and uncomfortable in my (foreign) country of study a valid reason to drop out of a PhD?
Should I cancel / alter office hours for committee meetings?
A researcher that I know organizes a symposium within a strange conference and has asked me to go. What is the appropriate etiquette for declining?
How to evaluate the quality of a conference that has a high ERA ranking, but whose organizer has a lot of negative reviews online?
Should I mention that I am interested in developing bioinformatics tools in my SOP for a &quot;Software Development/Engineering&quot; Master&#39;s program?
How can I find out if a student’s thesis is just the translation from his native language (Spanish) to English?
Is it fair to organize conferences in beautiful tourist places?
How do I ask the author of a book in English if I can translate it into my native language?
What steps can faculty and staff take to promote excellence in, and importance of, teaching?
Is it rude to forward an email message to the original recipient if they did not respond?
Is there a trollish/novelty/esoteric citation style?
What are the pros and cons of including graphics/figures in teaching and research statements for academic job applications?
How to find relevant and new open research topics?
Why is data falsification reported to be more usual in some fields than others?
How to greet the audience at the beginning of a PhD defense talk/presentation?
Can an improvement to an existing implementation be publishable?
If co-instructors gave different syllabi with different grading schemes, is this generally considered a valid reason to challenge grade?
What are committees looking for in a cover letter for a faculty application?
What is the etiquette for making an appointment to request a letter of recommendation?
Can I ask for first authorship on future publications that may come out of my design?
Does the NSF support researchers with no academic affiliation?
Effective use of a &quot;learning narrative&quot; assignment in a gen ed science course
Am I obligated to finish my post-doc term before starting my tenure-track job?
How to thank a teacher in a thesis?
Whom do I have to thank in the Acknowledgements section of a Bachelor thesis
How to elegantly make reference when the whole section is a summary of other people&#39;s work?
Should I cite photos in my thesis?
What is the value of a Coursera certificate?
Mentioning courses taken on coursera.org in the statement of purpose
Does the NSF award grants to foreign researchers not affiliated with US instutitions?
What is the role of a PhD advisor after a student has graduated?
Is a co-advisor a good solution if my advisor is not very familiar with part of my research area?
What is the status/reputation of the University of South Africa (UNISA)?
Pros and cons of not having PhD advisor&#39;s letter of recommendation after postdoc?
Tips on preparing a good slideshow talk
What is a research student?
Should a mid-career faculty application include a letter from the former PhD advisor?
How to highlight language abilities in cover letter for a scientific research position?
How can I replicate a search strategy described in a publication?
Optimal structure of cover letter for PhD application submitted directly to PI
What is a &quot;description of professional interests&quot;?
How should I describe my country&#39;s volatile situation in a letter for a scholarship application?
Responsing to &quot;How do you intend to fund your studies for the entire duration of your stay in ...?&quot;
How do academics find time to write books?
Who issues the transcripts that applicants are asked to upload for a PhD application?
Does a low GPA in an unrelated (second) major affect math PhD admissions?
For graduate admissions, is it better to attend a well-known undergrad program with advanced coursework or one where I can write a bachelors&#39; thesis?
When applying to a PhD program whose strength is not my concentration field, should I adjust my statement of purpose to match their area of strength?
How should I write a statement of interest about how my research will fill gaps in the field, when I don&#39;t know enough about the field yet?
Why do universities have to spend money on journals?
Citing &quot;p. x&quot; to mean page ten of a book looks confusing since &quot;x&quot; isn&#39;t clearly a Roman Numeral
How much do my career prospects suffer if I start a mathematics/CS PhD. at the age of 27?
Do graduate schools care about published solutions of contest problems in Mathematical magazines?
Online venues that promote networking among scholars -- alternatives to Academia.edu and ResearchGate
Consequences of applying for two (or more) programs in one university
Potential Impact of Pass/Fail vs. Letter Grade in Elective Courses
Is it possible to do part of my PhD remotely?
Archiving papers, simulation and experimental data, etc?
Referring to myself in my thesis
Why do we not reinvent the journal system?
Content of reference letter
Resusing my own poster abstract for another conference
Is there research on the extent to which complexity of the proposed method(s) impacts the acceptance rate?
Why is the CV needed for graduate application
Should I mention my goal of expanding my family business in my MS statement of purpose?
Is it a bad idea to express my personal feelings about the subject when writing email to a professor for PhD application?
How should the order of faculty names be in a letter?
What are the differences between a cover letter and an application letter?
Is it OK to have many graphs, tables, and images in a masters thesis?
How to deal with a student who insists on getting a higher grade?
Is it a good idea to put the logo of the university in my motivational letter?
Selecting references for PhD applications: are industry references OK?
How to say please erase\cutoff my lower gre score information from my application
What&#39;s a &quot;methodological approach&quot; for research (Master&#39;s thesis)?
Is it appropriate to mention personal lessons learned in the defense presentation?
Doing PhD in computer vision but not good at programming?
Do goofs in a recommendation letter hurt a student applying for grad school?
Is it possible to apply for a post doc (and get a post doc) while struggling with the health issues (a life-threatening illness: cancer)
What is expected from a mathematics student bachelor&#39;s thesis?
Can my recommendation letters be repeated?
How many words is a typical scientific publication (particularly in biology)?
Do I need to mention having survived a life-threatening illness when applying for a new academic position?
How should I go about doing meaningful academic outreach as a graduate student?
How to write the information related to referees in an application form?
How to describe computer skills in an application form? (Master&#39;s degree)
is being at a highly reputable university the only way to progress in academia
Which US universities publish cohort ranking - position in class?
Appropriate response to misattributed title?
Where can I find templates for a mathematics research paper?
Is there any automated way I can detect if a co-author plagiarized before our paper is submitted?
Is it OK to start a PhD with a side project still running from your master&#39;s?
Top 10 largest private physics research centers in U.S.?
Is it wise to develop skills that do not immediately benefit short-term research productivity?
Will reviewers see acknowledgements in double blind peer review?
What is the strategy to identify natural experiment as a PhD student?
How does the author&#39;s native language impact the likelihood of having his publication accepted in an English-speaking venue?
Parole, criminal history, and graduate admissions
Supercomputers and undergraduates?
How do I deal with diverse interests when applying for a PhD program?
Which GPA is more important for applying to PhD programs, graduate or undergraduate?
Is a PhD right for you if you hate doing research in your free time but love doing it as a job?
How to cite page from section-page number style document?
How to get permission from Google to use Google Scholar Data, if needed?
Does mathematical sophistication play a role during paper review?
Unclear terms: Statement of Purpose, Academic Statement and Personal Statement
Which address to state as my own at top of publication?
Is it useful for a student trying to get an undergraduate research position to have a personal website?
What should I write in my cover letter for PhD application in US?
International Benchmarking for School Grading Policy
My supervisor wants me to include another professor&#39;s name in my paper while... what should I do?
PhD thesis without acknowledgements
Inspiration for great presentations
Good slide design for teaching?
What is the meaning of “In Proceedings Of ...”?
When are professors most free during a semester?
Should postdoc be listed under Employment and or Education on CV?
How to search for an open access journal with no publication fee?
Are old (&gt;35) faculty candidates discriminated against all over the world?
GRE score sending how long
List of reputable conferences for Computer Science
Article that shows the complete publication history of acceptances and rejections of a successful academic
Release software before the accompanying publication gets reviewed or accepted?
The data of industrial postdocs in Canada
Can low score in GRE hurt the application with good GPA for top graduate school in US
Sign copyright agreement before paper acceptance?
Has anyone heard of the &quot;Central Library of Medicine Foundation&quot;?
Should you list undergraduate work on your CV?
how to add a timeline to my cv?
Is it rude to write in a journal paper &quot;the proof is left as an exercise to the reader&quot;?
Should I send recommendation/reference letter to universities that don&#39;t require it?
Software to create repositories of students&#39; software projects
How to change to Mathematics PhD program following M.S. in Computer Science?
Best margins for master thesis written in LaTeX
How long should I wait for the receipt acknowledgement?
Is it possible to work full time and complete a PhD?
How beneficial is speaking at non-academic conferences to future computer science career?
Is it possible to get back into academic research after being dropped due to funding problems from 6 year postdoc?
How do I overcome fear of rejection when writing academic papers?
What to do if a referee plagiarises the result after rejecting a paper?
Is it impossible to continue a job if you want to pursue a Ph.D.?
How important is to attend a graduate school interview?
My professor gave me a bad grade and wouldn&#39;t discuss it further, I think some prejudice may be involved. How should a student proceed?
Why do US universities have strict formatting requirements for dissertations?
what to do when someone has same name as yours and in IEEE search they show both peoples paper?
For a future in physics, should I pursue a dual major as opposed to just taking extra physics courses in mathematics degree?
Large distributed research network
Would I be disqualified from academic positions in mathematics if my PhD is in cognitive science?
Wrong font used for statement of purpose and r&#233;sum&#233;
Indicate Journal name for &quot;under review&quot; and &quot;accepted/in press&quot; publications on CV
Write a computer science thesis in native language or English?
Should papers presented at local conferences be put in list of publications?
In Elsevier Editorial System, how do I resend a paper with &quot;Submission needing revisions&quot; status?
Should an errata contain header and footer text and a page number?
How can I export my Google Scholar Library as a BibTeX format?
Given a downloaded PDF of a publication, is there any way to detect if it&#39;s a journal or conference paper?
Are there any personal blogs writing review of academic papers?
Does your university name matter?
Graduate without a job offer or delay
Should scholarship/fellowship monetary amount be listed in CV?
How can physicists help in theoretical biology, besides math and fresh perspectives?
How do I stop feeling unwelcome in my department?
put the non English conference article on Google Scholar Or Academia edu Or Research Gate profile
Why professors have a homepage URL starting with tilde?
What do I put on my publication list if I have no publications?
Lost Interest in Electrical Engineering. Still have a Math degree to complete. What to do?
How to cite chapter from a report with different authors?
How should I express theorems without a proof in a research paper?
Do hiring committees actually give preference to underrepresented groups?
In which countries are academic salaries published?
Is it advisable to emphasize (italicize) good research qualities in a research statement?
Font size of text within image/graph for MS Thesis
Why are small fonts the norm in research papers?
What is the standard/recommended font to use in papers?
Why do papers sometimes appear unlinked in Google Scholar?
Keeping track of bibliography references for an entire research group
&#39;Scholarly&#39; alternatives to Goodreads
Should I include written evaluations (from courses I took) in my transcript as part of the job application materials?
What are the benefits of a poster award?
How to find less-competitive faculty positions in the US universities?
Why do open access consortia affiliate themselves with questionable publishers
Do&#39;s and don&#39;ts when writing an academic book
How damaging are writing errors like typos in faculty application documents?
Use of automated assessment of programming assignments
Is it necessary to send a corrigendum? Does it make my paper look ugly?
What has the effect of publishing salaries been?
Mendeley - add notes to research
Should I mention in my manuscript&#39;s cover letter that I am a PhD student?
How important is the thesis document for judges on the day of the thesis defense?
What does &quot;scientific report&quot; mean?
Is Scimago a good way to rank conference impact?
How should I take a potential PhD supervisor&#39;s age into account, when planning to follow PhD with habilitation?
How to hire editor to improve my paper
How to publish under a Creative Commons license?
Am I likely to be perceived as less successful if I start as an assistant professor at age 40?
Will my age affect my chances of finding a funded PhD position?
Normal length of time taken to arrive at a phd admission decision?
How much duplication is permissible in letters of recommendation?
Letter of recommendation from employer for MS in U.S. universities
Making research without phd
From whom do prospective grad students get recommendation letters?
What options do rejected applicants have if mistakenly told they were admitted to a program?
Should I talk to my professor about my grade?
If you have no choice, is it acceptable to translate a recommendation letter for yourself?
What should I include as &quot;evidence of effective teaching methods?&quot;
Should a graduate application SOP focus on research interests?
What are the downsides of publishing your statement of purpose on the Internet after you&#39;ve already been admitted to a PhD program?
What can I do if I find errors in someone&#39;s thesis?
Can I selectively send scores of my general and subject GRE to the university that I am applying to?
What is meant by rewarding No-Grades when one&#39;s adviser remained satisfied towards one&#39;s research?
Apply for PhD in maths at the age of 35
At the age of 27 is it worth shifting PhD. from strings to computer science?
At the age of 27 is it worth changing graduate schools and starting again?
At what age do professors stop taking new students?
Does age matter to get a job/postdoc?
Age and Graduate school
How to tactfully request removal of my name from co-authorship?
B- in a Major Class Last 60 Credits (Mathematics)
What is a right way to criticize a published method in my paper?
Where can I find good examples of personal statements [BSc, MSc, PhD]?
Does listing several research directions in SOP give the impression that I have a shallow research interest?
Funding during graduate study (phd, masters) in math in the US
Postdoc without PhD?
Do journals in general have any kind of policy regarding papers submitted by someone without a research affiliation?
Is the arXiv a good way to get feedback on one&#39;s work?
Can a discoverer give the name he wants to his finding?
Do journal editors disallow paper from college X to be reviewed by someone from college X?
What are the important factors I must consider while applying to a CS program for an MS after majoring as a mechanical engineer in my undergrad?
Is there any chance for a person with BSc in mathematics to get into good graduate level theoretical physics program?
How important are pure math grades for applied math graduate schools?
How to address a doctoral candidate who is ABD (All but Dissertation)? Is &quot;Dr&quot; appropriate?
Is there any difference between one-year MScs and two-years MScs?
What are the acceptance rates at various CS masters degree programs?
Are there any universal rules for bibliographic references recognised all over the world?
Publishing as sole author on politically charged topic
What&#39;s my chance of getting into a good math or statistics graduate program, if I don&#39;t have impressive grades the first three semesters of college
What makes someone deserving of a Ph.D.?
Do I cite introductory material in a subject that helped me indirectly?
How do I cite a result that I&#39;ve only seen stated without a proof, and I prove myself?
What resources are available for clarifying academic and scientific terminology?
How to find ISSN number of IEEE Sponsored (or IEEE related) Events?
Extremely mild punishments for academic misconduct
How to prepare for the French language exam as part of PhD program?
How to find grant proposal samples?
Publishing a review in a peer-reviewed Wiki vs a traditional journal?
How to answer the question &quot;tell me about yourself&quot; in a Masters degree interview?
How can I make sure I&#39;ll get credit for my work when working with unwanted and untrusted collaborator?
Are there any resum&#233; revision services available for PhD applicants?
How to politely decline an interview for a PhD program?
Is it poor grammar to replace normal phrases with mathematical symbols in sentences in a mathematical paper?
Effective open-ended student evaluation questions
Is it ethical to blog about your publications to communicate your research without being restricted by the journal?
How to use copyrighted images in an article?
Why shouldn&#39;t I take a risk to make my thesis have better design?
Are there US universities that do not need GRE and TOEFL score for admission in PhD in Mathematics?
Is it possible for an individual&#39;s TOEFL score to decrease between exams?
Do admissions care how close a TOEFL score is to the minimum?
What can I do after giving GRE and TOEFL exams?
Are TOEFL requirements waived for foreigners with US bachelors degrees?
I have sit the TOEFL iBT for several times, Which one can I post: my most recent score or my best score?
Is the Cambridge Certificate of English accepted in US?
Will sitting for the IELTS Academic module void the validity of my previous General Training module score?
English certifications: which ones are recognized overseas?
Failing postdoc?
Should limitations of a methodology with proposed solutions be discussed in the Limitations Section?
Should I rewrite completely an extended paper?
Should I talk about a unpublished paper in my SOP?
Should I cite sources about a technology description?
How to cite simple definitions when writing university papers?
How does one learn research methodology?
Should I mention my blog in my SOP?
How best to present long equations in two-column papers?
When shall one write a mathematical expression as a separate line in a paper/Ph.D. thesis?
What is the optimal balance of time spent on research vs. volunteering/leadership/organizing in grad school and beyond?
Can I add dropbox links to my resume for graduate school applications?
Is it necessary to provide links to the mentioned softwares&#39; websites on my CV?
Is it expected that a part-time masters student publish before transferring to a PhD?
How to focus on a single area during PhD?
How tightly enforced are open-access embargoes?
In what cases are you able to start a postdoc without a &quot;conferred&quot; PhD?
Should I include a reference for an image that is released into the public domain?
What&#39;s the name of Wikipedia&#39;s default referencing style?
How should I cite something learned second-hand (eg, from Wikipedia) when I haven&#39;t seen the primary source?
Why are some professors critical of even casual use of Wikipedia?
Should I treat specialized wikis with the same scrutiny as Wikipedia itself?
Is it problematic to use a Wikipedia article I wrote in my PhD thesis?
Is it ethical for a student to edit the Wikipedia page of his advisor?
Value of contributions to Wikipedia when applying for academic jobs
Are there instances where citing Wikipedia is allowed?
Are there tools to implement an institutional open access policy?
3+ month delay in reviewing the revision of paper, Editor doesnt even answer the email
My supervisor plagiarised my bachelor thesis: what can I do about it?
Citing someone directly with additional information in footnote
What is the proper email etiquette when contacting potential supervisors on short notice?
Pursue new PHD program
Do universities hire graduates from lesser universities
To which department code should I send my TOEFL score?
Can a student be admitted to masters programme even if his/her English level is lower than the minimum requirements?
Are both GRE and TOEFL a must for a PhD program in the US? Or only TOEFL will suffice?
Should I take the TOEFL exam if I have graduated from a high school in the U.S.?
How likely is it that PhD application is not reviewed by professors if TOEFL minimum isn&#39;t met?
How very high reading/listening but low speaking/writing TOEFL scores are usually judged on graduate admission?
How can/should I indicate that it&#39;s okay to use open access content in a paper?
How to Direct the Reader to the Background and Terminology Section?
Is it appropriate for a PhD student to write reference for a PhD applicant?
What is systematic literature review?
What unforeseen dangers might exist when choosing an open access textbook for a new subject?
(Master&#39;s Degree) What are they &#39;precisely&#39; looking for in a Statement of Purpose, and does a SOP matter when one has excellent GPA?
How common is use of word &quot;PhDs&quot; to describe PhD holders in formal documents?
Will an internship in biology benefit me when my major is not biology?
Where can I go to get IRB approval?
Do contemporary publications cite more sources? Why?
Number of reviewers
Quantity vs Quality of Publication during PhD
If the editor handling my paper is a retired professor, then would it be fine for me to inquire about my paper status?
Grading scheme which helps figuring out what is a right/wrong answer without generating frustrations
What attitude should a speaker have to going over time?
Is enquiry on IELTS Results effective?
How should I reply and thank a potential supervisor&#39;s email?
When should I send thank you letter or email to my thesis committee members?
How to deal with racial insensitivity in an academic environment?
How can I find open physics postdoc positions in Europe?
Can I get into PhD in Physics with a high GRE score and an unrelated masters degree?
To pursue research career in physics; How much physics courses should I pass in my undergraduate engineering degree?
Computational Physics or Engineering Physics, which deal with new technologies related to energy?
How to cite an updated report?
Why does a UK university need to know my sexual orientation and religion?
What are the major differences between PhD programs in mathematics and PhD programs in other STEM fields?
Does &quot;submitted to Thomson Reuters&quot; mean that a publication will actually be indexed?
What is a reasonable reimbursement time for conference travel from a department?
What are the most frequently cited textbooks in the physics literature?
Is it ethical to publish a paper about porting an existing software package to another programming language?
Stuctured vs Individual German doctoral program
Should I do a PhD or Master in Statistics for a career in Data Science?
Can I put my NSF fellowship on reserve in order to investigate leaving academia?
What&#39;s in a &#39;vita&#39;?
Dealing with a friend who always leans on me
Didn&#39;t pay attention to rules and created an illegal note card for exam?
Is there typically a pre-screening process for doctoral admissions in the US?
How bad does it look if I asked the director of graduate studies if I can change my program of study from pure to applied math after admission?
How much decision time is given for tenure-track offers
Terrible grade in undergraduate research project, how will this affect graduate admissions?
Is it appropriate to bring some kind of gift for a host professor?
Is it realistic to apply to a Master at MIT, Harvard, Yale, Berkeley, Stanford with a Bachelor of a German Fachhochschule?
Can one or two spelling mistakes in a statement of purpose hurt your chances for graduate school?
Should I offer to pay (some of) the travel cost from the UK to the US for an interview?
Ask an advisor (co-author) to contribute to manuscript other than just critiquing
reapplying math graduate school as a grad with master degree in physics?
Is there a non-scientific related activity for students in a conference?
Clear colormap for figures when printed?
Can I take the biochemistry GRE test if I am a biology graduate?
Prof disagrees with assigned textbook regarding an exam question
How to send end-of-the-year wishes in academic environment?
How long should I wait for an IEEE conference proceeding?
Independence as a postdoc working with former PhD supervisor
how to write application to the professor asking for the project during summer
Is it acceptable to change affiliation to new employer when submitting an updated manuscript when old employer provided limited research support?
If you want to do a PhD in mathematics, how important is it to start immediately after finishing undergraduate studies?
Why are [some] professors ambiguous about material that is actually tested on exams?
What subjects benefit from textbook editions?
How should I deal with discouragement as a graduate student?
Should I share my horrible software?
Why do American colleges and universities have sports teams?
How to avoid procrastination during the research phase of my PhD?
Do I have the legal right to demand information on plagiarism of my work from another university?
How to deal with an advisor who wants a &quot;friendlier&quot; relationship with me than I do?
How to deal with sexual advances from students
Prof&#39;s neurological health is declining rapidly. What can I (TA) do?
Is it possible to recover after a career setback such as this?
Why don&#39;t people publish failures?
University rank/stature - How much does it affect one&#39;s career post-Ph.D?
What to do about questions that are designed to embarrass the speaker?
My professor is rigging data and plagiarizing. What can I do?
Why are papers without code but with results accepted?
Useful strategies for answering &quot;dumb&quot; questions in a talk?
Should the slides in a presentation be self-explanatory or be as minimal as possible?
Is it ethical to submit a paper with the name of a co-author who cannot be contacted?
Should I recommend a student with a bad ideology?
Is it ethical to profit by having my students buy my textbook?
Why do many talented scientists write horrible software?
I believe I have solved a famous open problem. How do I convince people in the field that I am not a crank?
Best-practice models for &quot;research&quot; code?
Why are professors&#39; websites so ugly?
What does first authorship really mean?
Is it ethical/acceptable to give a lighter penalty to students who admit to cheating?
How do you judge the quality of a journal?
Should I quit my PhD - workload, self-esteem and social life
Should professors intervene if a student is wearing offensive clothing in their classroom?
As a department head, what to do if a professor leaves without giving out grades?
How to tell an over-confident student they still have a lot to learn?
Asked again to review a paper, when the authors don&#39;t wish to modify it
Is it reasonable for a professor to ask students to stay 30-45 minutes past scheduled class time every week?
Is it ethical for a professor to get masters students to work on open source modules related to the professor&#39;s profit-making company?
What makes someone deserving of a Ph.D.?
Software to draw illustrative figures in papers
I want to do research but I&#39;m too old for a PHD
Walk up and talk to random people at academic conferences - is that appropriate?
PhD student, issued contract at year 3 which will sign over intellectual property. Is it legal?
Why are some professors critical of even casual use of Wikipedia?
What is the origin of the &quot;underwater basket weaving&quot; meme in Academia?
What are &quot;fake&quot;, &quot;shady&quot;, and/or &quot;predatory&quot; journals?
Is it okay to report classmates cheating on exams?
&quot;I&#39;ve somehow convinced everyone that I&#39;m actually good at this&quot; - how to effectively deal with Imposter Syndrome
How to avoid sleeping in lectures?
What to do if a referee plagiarises the result after rejecting a paper?
Life as a math professor
Is ignoring emails acceptable in academia?
Should I challenge my professor who thinks he&#39;s always right?
What productive academic work can you do with minimal attention in a small (&lt;30 minutes) block of time?
E-mail address to use in publications
&quot;You are paid to answer my questions!&quot; - how to handle silly questions?
What to do about top students making other students lose confidence?
Techniques for good board handwriting
Should I explain to the graduate admission committee why I am older than most prospective PhD students?
A friend&#39;s professor is asking her to babysit for free. Is this normal?
Strategies for teaching with facial aphasia (inability to recognize faces aka prosopagnosia, face-blindness)
What is a social strategy I can use to respond to &quot;How&#39;s your PhD going?&quot;
How hard do early-career academics in the United States work, really?
Should I learn to use LaTeX to write up a History Masters Thesis?
How to deal with an academic &#39;stalker&#39;?
I am a PhD student and hate it here. How can I warn prospective students during admit weekend without ruining my reputation?
What is behind the &quot;Indian Undergrad Research Experience&quot;-spam?
Can I thank websites that host illegal book downloads in the acknowledgements section of my thesis?
Is web-presence important for researchers?
How to become well-known in the research community while being a PhD student
Do Asian authors have a different style of academic writing from European authors?
Is it common practice to remove an author&#39;s name from a paper?
Are there good reasons to avoid using color in research papers?
What to do about &quot;grade grubbers?&quot;
How can I determine whether a student has written an excellent paper themselves, or hired someone else to do it?
Didn&#39;t pay attention to rules and created an illegal note card for exam?
The GRE: Why does this still exist?
How to stop feeling guilty about the unfinished work?
My first authorship is being turned into co-first authorship, what can I do?
How do mathematicians conduct research?
Does publishing a paper on arXiv prevent me from submitting it to a non-open access journal?
How do you get a bad transcript past Ph.D. admissions?
Academic discretion: Should one participate in online forums or Stack Exchange sites anonymously?
Is there an affordable way for non-students to subscribe to multi-journals/archives?
How do academics get away with writing detailed recommendation letters?
I was caught cheating on an exam, how can I minimize the damage?
What are the advantages or disadvantages of using LaTeX for writing scientific publications
Why does research cost so much money?
Can I slack off and get a PhD?
Should I report an accepted PhD thesis in which the literature review is copied verbatim from sources?
How should a social scientist deal with envy of disciplines that are more quantitatively rigorous?
In practice, how secure is a tenured position in the US?
Understanding an abnormal grade distribution
What can I do to recover from a short term burnout?
Should I reward points for an incorrect answer if it is the result of misinformation presented in a TA&#39;s office hours?
Is it right and polite to ask for a free copy of a published paper?
How to deal with a student who harasses the (inexperienced) teacher during class?
Is it acceptable to have a research paper with no references?
A manuscript I refereed gave me an idea for a paper, not sure how to proceed
Should I host my academic website under my institution domain or under a domain of my own ?
Attitudes towards self-plagiarism
How to improve myself as a lecturer?
What should raise red flags to detect fabricated data
Should I inform students that there are cheaper alternatives to the on-campus book store?
Why does a UK university need to know my sexual orientation and religion?
How should I deal with discouragement as a graduate student?
Should I share my horrible software?
Why do American colleges and universities have sports teams?
How to avoid procrastination during the research phase of my PhD?
Do I have the legal right to demand information on plagiarism of my work from another university?
How to deal with an advisor who wants a &quot;friendlier&quot; relationship with me than I do?
How to deal with sexual advances from students
Prof&#39;s neurological health is declining rapidly. What can I (TA) do?
Is it possible to recover after a career setback such as this?
Why don&#39;t people publish failures?
University rank/stature - How much does it affect one&#39;s career post-Ph.D?
What to do about questions that are designed to embarrass the speaker?
My professor is rigging data and plagiarizing. What can I do?
Why are papers without code but with results accepted?
Useful strategies for answering &quot;dumb&quot; questions in a talk?
Should the slides in a presentation be self-explanatory or be as minimal as possible?
Is it ethical to submit a paper with the name of a co-author who cannot be contacted?
Should I recommend a student with a bad ideology?
Is it ethical to profit by having my students buy my textbook?
Why do many talented scientists write horrible software?
I believe I have solved a famous open problem. How do I convince people in the field that I am not a crank?
Best-practice models for &quot;research&quot; code?
Why are professors&#39; websites so ugly?
What does first authorship really mean?
Is it ethical/acceptable to give a lighter penalty to students who admit to cheating?
How do you judge the quality of a journal?
Should I quit my PhD - workload, self-esteem and social life
Should professors intervene if a student is wearing offensive clothing in their classroom?
As a department head, what to do if a professor leaves without giving out grades?
How to tell an over-confident student they still have a lot to learn?
Asked again to review a paper, when the authors don&#39;t wish to modify it
Is it reasonable for a professor to ask students to stay 30-45 minutes past scheduled class time every week?
Is it ethical for a professor to get masters students to work on open source modules related to the professor&#39;s profit-making company?
What makes someone deserving of a Ph.D.?
Software to draw illustrative figures in papers
I want to do research but I&#39;m too old for a PHD
Walk up and talk to random people at academic conferences - is that appropriate?
PhD student, issued contract at year 3 which will sign over intellectual property. Is it legal?
Why are some professors critical of even casual use of Wikipedia?
What is the origin of the &quot;underwater basket weaving&quot; meme in Academia?
What are &quot;fake&quot;, &quot;shady&quot;, and/or &quot;predatory&quot; journals?
Is it okay to report classmates cheating on exams?
&quot;I&#39;ve somehow convinced everyone that I&#39;m actually good at this&quot; - how to effectively deal with Imposter Syndrome
How to avoid sleeping in lectures?
What to do if a referee plagiarises the result after rejecting a paper?
Life as a math professor
Is ignoring emails acceptable in academia?
Should I challenge my professor who thinks he&#39;s always right?
What productive academic work can you do with minimal attention in a small (&lt;30 minutes) block of time?
E-mail address to use in publications
&quot;You are paid to answer my questions!&quot; - how to handle silly questions?
What to do about top students making other students lose confidence?
Techniques for good board handwriting
Should I explain to the graduate admission committee why I am older than most prospective PhD students?
A friend&#39;s professor is asking her to babysit for free. Is this normal?
Strategies for teaching with facial aphasia (inability to recognize faces aka prosopagnosia, face-blindness)
What is a social strategy I can use to respond to &quot;How&#39;s your PhD going?&quot;
How hard do early-career academics in the United States work, really?
Should I learn to use LaTeX to write up a History Masters Thesis?
How to deal with an academic &#39;stalker&#39;?
I am a PhD student and hate it here. How can I warn prospective students during admit weekend without ruining my reputation?
What is behind the &quot;Indian Undergrad Research Experience&quot;-spam?
Can I thank websites that host illegal book downloads in the acknowledgements section of my thesis?
Is web-presence important for researchers?
How to become well-known in the research community while being a PhD student
Do Asian authors have a different style of academic writing from European authors?
Is it common practice to remove an author&#39;s name from a paper?
Are there good reasons to avoid using color in research papers?
What to do about &quot;grade grubbers?&quot;
How can I determine whether a student has written an excellent paper themselves, or hired someone else to do it?
Didn&#39;t pay attention to rules and created an illegal note card for exam?
The GRE: Why does this still exist?
How to stop feeling guilty about the unfinished work?
My first authorship is being turned into co-first authorship, what can I do?
How do mathematicians conduct research?
Does publishing a paper on arXiv prevent me from submitting it to a non-open access journal?
How do you get a bad transcript past Ph.D. admissions?
Academic discretion: Should one participate in online forums or Stack Exchange sites anonymously?
Is there an affordable way for non-students to subscribe to multi-journals/archives?
How do academics get away with writing detailed recommendation letters?
I was caught cheating on an exam, how can I minimize the damage?
What are the advantages or disadvantages of using LaTeX for writing scientific publications
Why does research cost so much money?
Can I slack off and get a PhD?
Should I report an accepted PhD thesis in which the literature review is copied verbatim from sources?
How should a social scientist deal with envy of disciplines that are more quantitatively rigorous?
In practice, how secure is a tenured position in the US?
Understanding an abnormal grade distribution
What can I do to recover from a short term burnout?
Should I reward points for an incorrect answer if it is the result of misinformation presented in a TA&#39;s office hours?
Is it right and polite to ask for a free copy of a published paper?
How to deal with a student who harasses the (inexperienced) teacher during class?
Is it acceptable to have a research paper with no references?
A manuscript I refereed gave me an idea for a paper, not sure how to proceed
Should I host my academic website under my institution domain or under a domain of my own ?
Attitudes towards self-plagiarism
How to improve myself as a lecturer?
What should raise red flags to detect fabricated data
Should I inform students that there are cheaper alternatives to the on-campus book store?
Why does a UK university need to know my sexual orientation and religion?
How to handle possibly subtly flirtatious emails from students?
How to write an academic paper for the first time?
Is there a name for the inverse of the impostor syndrome?
How to deal with students who lose their digital work?
How to clarify that supervisor writing a reference is not related to me even though we have the same last name?
Is there any efficient non-linear note-taking software?
What is a &quot;Sandwich thesis&quot;?
Rediscovery of calculus in 1994: what should have happened to that paper?
Should unreadability or sloppiness of students&#39; work be reflected in their evaluation?
Is it reasonable to worry about lack of potential for dating in postdoc positions?
Am I reading enough of the scientific literature? Should I read for breadth or depth?
How to explain a bad grade to a delusional student?
Typical experiences of transgender people in academia?
Is &quot;no late work&quot; a common policy?
Is it normal for an advisor to expect &gt;80 hour workweeks from PhD students, and threaten them with dismissal?
If someone conducts unethical research unbeknownst to anybody, but produces positive results, what would happen to the research once discovered?
How to publish an academic book but make the PDF freely available online?
Choice of personal pronoun in single-author papers
Is it common to review papers assigned to your supervisor?
Should academic papers necessarily carry a sober tone?
What to do (years later) with otherwise good student who has accidentally plagiarised part of PhD thesis?
How to work efficiently under loose supervision during graduate studies?
Realised afterwards that I committed mild plagiarism in a paper I wrote as an undergraduate, what should I do?
How to achieve successful collaborations? 
Do you list journals you have reviewed for on your CV?
Why use version control systems for writing a paper
What should you do if you cannot reproduce published results?
How is sexism unknowingly perpetrated in academia?
Consequences I should expect of violence in my classroom
How to ask for feedback from research students on my supervision abilities?
Are there universities that consider it academic misconduct for students to publish material created by faculty?
Is there a good site for holding online discussions of scientific papers?
What to do when you are a promised a research-based research associate role but are required to act in an IT support role?
How to discourage irrelevant self-citation?
Are TED presentations academically credible?
What is life like for Western-raised/trained academics who are faculty in countries with extremely tight governmental control?
How do you balance producing results with learning new skills?
Career advice: How can I move on from my probable PhD flop?
Ethics of Accepting Unneeded Merit Based Scholarships
How do &quot;scientific couples&quot; (from different fields) find positions?
What questions should one ask to the former/current students of a professor before deciding whether to do PhD under him/her?
What are the potential pitfalls of having a PhD?
How to write a strong introduction into a research paper?
As an instructor, how to use the first day of class?
How to handle a student&#39;s public speaking anxiety when teaching a class that requires presentations?
Points to consider when deciding whether to get married during a PhD
How to deal with premature student questions during a lecture which will be covered in a subsequent slide?
Why are there so many papers written in bad English?
Should teachers be entertainers?
PhD thesis without acknowledgements
Is Facebook a necessary tool for a student?
Do you not belong in a PhD program if you don&#39;t live and breathe your field of study?
Is talking about quitting to your supervisor a point of no return?
Would it be acceptable to occasionally sleep at the lab?
How to evaluate potential advisers on grounds other than their research/publications?
Is it okay if a professor friends a student on social media sites?
Article that shows the complete publication history of acceptances and rejections of a successful academic
Is a university that grants me a PhD for $1000 and a copy of my unpublished book fake?
Is it appropriate to buy a &quot;thank you&quot; gift for a PhD supervisor?
Should you conform to journal formatting requirements for the initial submission?
What do I do as a depressed and incompetent TA?
How to handle not having my PhD advisor as a reference?
Posthumous Publication
How to make thesis-writing feel less tedious?
What to do if I am on a hiring committee and I am aware that a candidate has exhibited unethical behavior in his previous position?
Age and Graduate school
If you get stuck in research, at what point in time should you ask for help?
Towards a Stackexchange-like comment/reputation system for research papers
What are some options for a graduate student abandoned by Ph. D advisor?
How do I overcome fear of rejection when writing academic papers?
Is there such a thing like &quot;18-months/half-time syndrome&quot;?
Can I use images showing up in Google search for my presentation slides without violating any copyright?
Are there instances where citing Wikipedia is allowed?
What can a student who is already studying hard do to improve low grades?
Teacher takes pictures of students during exams and posts them on social media
What to do with an overtly exasperating colleague in computer science?
Preprint services other than arXiv (for other fields)
In what tense (present/past) should papers be written?
What lessons have you learned over the years as a TENURED FULL Professor that you wish somebody had told you when you started as an Assistant Prof?
Is it possible to work full time and complete a PhD?
Why are CS researchers reluctant to share code and what techniques can I use to encourage sharing?
Is doing two PHDs a good path?
Handling plagiarism as a TA
How to handle a colleague who hasn&#39;t pulled their weight
Handling unsolicited proofs of famous mathematical problems
Do universities hire graduates from lesser universities
How to react to a reviewer’s comment when he is completely right, but you do not like the consequences?
How not to come off as boasting or arrogant, if you are one of the few active students in a class?
How hard is it to succeed in research after an adviser&#39;s death midway through PhD?
When should a supervisor be an author?
Should I stay in school?
How to come up with research ideas?
Is there such thing as too many references for one paper?
Should I agree to review papers as a postdoc?
When should you stop asking your PhD advisor to do advisor like things?
What to do if assignment is against student&#39;s religion?
How to get cited and how to boost the impact of one&#39;s work?
How should bathroom breaks be handled during written exams to avoid cheating?
Is there any way to pressure textbook publishers to reduce price?
Do people actually buy research articles?
How can I get the most out of conferences?
My research work stolen and published as his own by the co-author without my consent
What to do if my paper is incorrectly cited in a journal?
Student missing exam for “medical reasons”
How do academics reconcile simultaneously collaborating and competing with colleagues?
Should an Editor in Chief publish in their own journal?
Is it my responsibility to point out that a paper has been plagiarized from another researcher&#39;s blog?
My advisor submitted a paper with my work without including me as an author
How to sign your email to students, so to avoid their immature behavior?
How and why did the top journals become top journals?
Is it ethical for a lecturer to require students to purchase an online learning kit where kit is used for course assessments?
Is it normal to preferentially invite female speakers when there would otherwise be few female speakers?
My student told me his mother has cancer, what do I do?
How to respond to intentional lack of citation?
Do you need to read a whole article before citing it?
Is it plagiarism for my thesis advisor to publish a paper using content from my thesis without citation?
Discovered a serious error in a reviewed paper after submitting the review, what to do?
Re: the advice of &quot;You should never pick a nice advisor&quot;, is it true that &#39;nice&#39; professors fail to produce good students?
Are relationships allowed between students and faculty?
What&#39;s the point in &quot;the paper is structured as follows&quot;?
Going back to university after suspension, how do I move past the shame?
What procedures should I follow if my preprint is stolen and published in a journal?
How should a teaching-assistant deal with an angry student?
I graduated last year and my advisor passed away unexpectedly soon after. What should I do now for subsequent academic job searches?
Simplest way to jointly write a manuscript?
Does one need to be affiliated with a university to publish papers?
Use of first person in a PhD Thesis
I am currently debating whether to leave my PhD program- any advice
How to respond to someone plagiarizing my work?
What do people usually wear to conferences?
What can academics and students do to reduce racism in academia?
Doing all the simulations and plotting, do I deserve an authorship?
I found a nontrivial mistake in my currently-under-review paper. Should I send a correction to the editor?
Is it unfair to regrade prior work after detecting cheating?
Is it possible take take part in a research project if I&#39;m not a part of a university?
Is transferring to another university an option for an unhappy PhD student?
How to write abstract for conference when you have no results yet?
How does the US government shutdown affect academics?
How to offer a reviewer to be co-author?
How can I withdraw a publication from a fake journal and resubmit to a legitimate journal?
How do Academic Journals protect against empirical results given by bugs?
Should I answer students&#39; questions immediately or teach them to ask better questions?
Copied Letter of Recommendation?
Is it appropriate to assign Mechanical Turk-type tasks as extra credit?
Preventing leaking exam papers/cheating using phone cameras?
Accomplished researchers listed as editors of shady journal
What to do about students who ask for help too often?
What to do when other professors place unfair demands on my students?
Should a postdoc talk about his depression with his mentor?
How can I politely explain to my students that the texts in my course are all in English and it is their duty to read it nonetheless?
Am I helping my graduate students too much?
What part-time jobs are suitable for PhD students?
How to buy plane tickets for job interviews?
Effective way to deal with misuse of mobile devices in class
PhD candidate vs PhD student
Why does editor reject when reviewers recommend acceptance?
Is there an inflation in the number of authors per paper?
How do I &#39;read the room&#39; and adjust my pace while lecturing?
What ratio of PhD graduates in STEM fields ultimately end up as (tenured) professors?
How to get rid of unwanted and annoying co-author?
Is it normal to feel dread before starting a faculty position?
Is it common to provide digital notes (slides or handwritten) for students?
In teaching, what are the advantages of using slides over doing board work?
How to respond to the trivialisation of one’s work and unjustified demands for a considerable extension of the research?
What to do when you spend several months working on an idea that fails in a masters thesis?
How to comfortably interact with famous professors?
What can I do to get academic credit/recognition from my hobby project?
Software to use for creating posters for academic conferences?
After my PhD how much salary should I expect as a professor of computer science?
How to teach a class that I&#39;ve never taken?
Is it reasonable to collaborate with a professor when you are employed by a different professor?
why do academics write peer reviews?
Is physics taught using phrases that are too easily misinterpreted, and can this be improved?
How to deal with the frustration of doing PhD at a low-ranked university
Applying for postdocs: mention two-body problem in cover letter?
What should you do if you spotted a non-trivial error in a highly cited paper?
Is it ethical for advisors to automatically coauthor papers?
What to do with spare research topics?
How to handle someone propositioning me to collude/cheat with them on an assignment?
What to do when co-authors want to submit manuscript for publication and you think it still has problems?
What do instructors need to know to accommodate Muslim students?
Is a PhD right for you if you hate doing research in your free time but love doing it as a job?
What physical contact, if any, is acceptable between a supervisor and a student?
Is it fair for me to drink caffeine during tests?
Would a 5-year prison sentence totally ruin one&#39;s academic career?
How do advisors typically apply pressure on PhD students to get work done?
Is it fine to cancel class on days before national holidays, due to low attendance?
What should I ask deans during my interview?
Whether to tell his prospective employer that a new male post doc opposes affirmative action for women in academia?
Should I worry that a graduate student somewhere gave a talk using my abstract?
Another instructor is pushing me out of the classroom right after my class ends
Does wearing a university t-shirt imply that the wearer is affiliated with the university?
Is it normal to find unknown work during peer-review process?
What does author order indicate?
Flying with a poster tube as a hand luggage
What to do if reviewers reject a paper without understanding the content?
How do I improve my rewriting and editing skills?
Unsolicited CVs from grad school applicants - ignore or try to help?
Is a researcher with the same name in a different field likely to cause confusion?
What should I do if I found a citation error in a published paper?
Is it acceptable to write a reference letter for yourself?
Is it unethical to accept extra time on exams when I still do well?
How to correct plagiarism in my own Master&#39;s thesis, years later?
Charisma vs. credentials in academic hiring
Is a faster implementation of an existing algorithm publishable?
What kind of career path might be possible for a professor following a plagiarism scandal?
What is the best way to retain learned materials
Is there any ethical issue which prevents me from paying high quality authors monetary compensation, to agree to write papers with me?
How important are my grades to the rest of my PhD career?
Free web hosting for academics
How should one turn down academic job applicants?
How important are poster sessions in conferences?
Is it appropriate to bring some kind of gift for a host professor?
What tools make it easy to maintain (or avoid!) the N versions of your CV?
How do we end the culture of “endless hours at work”?
How common is it to inadvertently &quot;reinvent the wheel&quot; in academia?
Value of light-to-none peer reviewed pay-to-publish articles
Maintain scientific output after having a baby
Choosing the title of a paper: are provocative titles better?
The use of words such as &quot;clearly&quot;, &quot;obviously&quot; etc. in a technical paper
How to fend off someone putting their Name on my work?
What should I do now when this conference first sends me an &quot;accept&quot;, then a &quot;reject&quot;?
Dealing with listening/talking to researchers with difficult accents
Is it usual for finished PhD students to send out physical copies of their thesis to unknown persons?
As a Ph.D. student, should I spend time reviewing papers?
How many times can you present the same material at different conferences before it becomes stale?
Is it ethical to withdraw a paper after acceptance in order to resubmit to a better journal?
Must I decline to review a former colleague&#39;s work?
Is it acceptable to drink alcohol in front of senior staff during semi-official occasions?
Should I send a &quot;cease-and-desist&quot; letter to ResearchGate?
Why are (galley) proof requests given such a short deadline?
How is it in my best interest not to submit a paper to two journals simultaneously?
How to move forward following an unpleasant situation with colleagues?
How to prevent cheating on take-home exams
Are you permitted to forward the reviews from a rejected manuscript when submitting to a new journal?
Do academics get bored of research?
Good practices for organizing notes
Doing research without a PhD?
How to cope when PhD advisor quits midway
Choosing research ideas to include in a statement of purpose
Setting exercises and assignments when everything is on the web
How to ensure a research idea has not been explored previously
Writing papers in language X and translating to English vs. writing papers in English to begin with?
How can I do a literature review efficiently?
How to manage theorist&#39;s &quot;labbook&quot;?
Is a &quot;big ego&quot; necessary for a tenure-track faculty position?
Is asking an author I&#39;m reviewing to cite me a conflict of interest?
Is it more difficult for teetotalers to develop academic contacts?
Strategies to overcome &quot;academic-apathy&quot; in the final stages of the PhD?
What to do when a journal publishes a paper plagiarizing one&#39;s work but doesn&#39;t care about it?
Does gold (i.e., author-pay) open-access really help access to science and save taxpayer money?
What post PhD path alternatives are there?
Negotiating startup package given differences in institutional norms
Unsolicited request for a scientific collaboration
Having students scribe lectures
How can I express &quot;I can&#39;t find any papers written about this&quot;?
How much of my ongoing unpublished research should I disclose to others?
How to handle an advisor who communicates badly and puts me in a bad position as a result?
How did authors prepare figures in their publications before the advent of computers?
What makes a MSc in Computer Science difficult for someone who has no specific background but 10 years of experience as a programmer?
Do student reviews of teachers matter?
Whose responsibility to detect plagiarism during peer review: editor or referee?
How familiar should you be with a topic before assigning it as a thesis to an undergraduate?
What is the benefit of writing lecture notes for an introductory course vs using a textbook?
How to deal with two students who potentially colluded when one is unavailable?
What to do if an audience member refuses to let you answer their question?
When during the application process should a candidate mention that their spouse is also looking for a job
Is it considered plagiarism if I use my OWN answers twice
Why do people hang up papers on their doors?
Is it appropriate to attend a class one is not registered for?
How can PhD student repair relationship with supervisor after PhD student engages in independent research without supervisor?
Why do some universities charge an application fee?
Will people judge me negatively for skipping department seminars?
Submitting the same research to multiple conferences
How to acquire 3 recommendation letters to apply for jobs when working with 1 advisor?
When does one go for a double doctorate?
What is expected of a postdoc?
Will self-citation be viewed as self-promotion in academia? 
How long before PhD graduation should I start applying for post-doc positions?
Undergraduate not doing homework (case method)
Should I accept review requests from dubious journals?
What should a proper email signature look like for graduate students?
Keeping your throat comfortable after hours of lecturing
Can one excel in graduate/post-graduate school with a demanding family life?
Why do universities tolerate uploading papers on their websites?
What are some good things to make explicit between a student and his supervisor when beginning a PhD?
Should I use my university&#39;s letterhead for a cover letter for a job application?
How high should I rate a good student for PhD admission?
How should I deal with discouragement looking at others success?
Special (non-english) character in name. What to do as author? Internationalize or not?
CV for leaving academia after PhD
Should I attend a job interview after I&#39;ve already accepted another offer?
Research before surveying the literature - is it ever a good idea?
Is it necessary to ask permission before including someone in the acknowledgements of a research paper?
Is using the phrase &quot;... is left as an exercise for the reader&quot; considered good style in academic papers/theses?
Is the arXiv a good way to get feedback on one&#39;s work?
Is it appropriate for a prospective PhD student to contact phd students at a target school?
What should I do if I submitted an article to a predatory journal?
Why do some journals prefer MS Word?
How should I control my nervousness, so as not to disturb my presentation on the day of a conference?
Where can I find the Impact Factor for a given journal?
Do journals in general have any kind of policy regarding papers submitted by someone without a research affiliation?
Scope for the role of peer reviewer
How independent should an academic be?
Question regarding how to slow down and enjoy academic life
Contacting professors for PhD vacancies
Software/App for electronic research notebooks
Personal web page vs Academia.edu vs ResearchGate
Etiquette when talking to a researcher whose work you do not think highly of
Dressing etiquette for interviews in academia
Who actually is a Post-Doctoral fellow?
Is typical ebook reader with pdf support enough to read scientific papers
Assistant professor vs Associate professor
How is Google Scholar changing academic evaluation?
Are there specific organizational processes or tools (not necessarily software) that can help in developing and structuring research ideas?
Publishing an algorithm that may not have many applications?
What incentives do academics have to write text books?
How to reduce a paper&#39;s size for a page limited conference?
Do teaching evaluations lead to lower standards in class?
How to avoid thinking about research in your free time
Can I successfully adapt to an advisor who will not push me to work?
Will rejecting more papers than I accept reflect negatively on me as a reviewer?
Is a research thesis (report) with zero contribution to human knowledge acceptable?
How to respond to a perplexing review?
Can two PhD students publish without involving their supervisors?
ResearchGate: an asset or a waste of time?
Is it common to claim co-authorship by helping writing a paper without doing any research
What should I ask my potential Ph.D advisor in advance, before actually signing a contract?
Is it professional for a professor to ask &quot;surprise&quot; questions on a test?
How to deal with a professor skipping his office hours?
How do I tell my supervisor his idea is incorrect?
Why are US PhDs different from European PhDs?
What books, biographies or survival guides are helpful for women in engineering in academia?
Who is responsible for detecting plagiarism in a PhD thesis?
How active should professors be in writing papers with their students?
Can co-authoring a paper as a new grad harm my reputation/career?
Is it acceptable to extend results from an arXiv paper that has not appeared in a journal?
What to check when examining paper proofs?
Is copying an image from a previous paper of mine and citing its source considered self-plagiarism or unprofessional?
Why are small fonts the norm in research papers?
How to deal with non-cooperative team mate?
How to negotiate with referees of your paper
Author did not make the major changes asked during the review process
Why should (or should not) a university have a policy of not hiring its own PhDs?
How to tell my advisor I don&#39;t want to stay in academia
Advisor dies suddenly, advice needed for research students
What do you wish you knew as a student before you became a researcher?
How to behave when dating a fellow PhD student in same department?
How do you cite a Github repository?
Quit PhD and find a job
Why is it that adjunct faculty positions pay so little?
Why upload to academic preprint sites like arXiv?
Etiquette on sending a thank you e-mail to respondents who gave me helpful information
Are there many journals that do not accept TeX?
I believe my classmates plan to hand in a plagiarized project, how should I handle this?
Advisor asking me to use my grant to cover his orders
Are there tools to prevent students from cheating on a programming exam administered on computers?
What does it mean if a professor asks you to draft his reference letter for you?
Is it ethical for authors to reference another paper, but not cite it formally, because they consider it unscientific?
Are researchers permitted to mislead subjects about the purpose of a trial?
How to deal with students leaving the class for 10 min during the lecture?
Under what circumstances would a professor be offended at students taping or recording his or her lecture?
My name was misspelled in a citation, what should I do?
Journal does not tell me why they rejected my paper, even on request
Is being an honors student really worth it?
Is it inappropriate to explain why I really want to live where the university is located in my job talk?
As an instructor, how to show my appreciation for my TAs&#39; hard work?
Whether and how to thank a girlfriend or boyfriend in the acknowledgements of thesis?
How should a university deal with outsourced essay writing?
How to find a good topic for a PhD research proposal?
Tool to manage and/or make available a list of my publications on the web? 
Cover letter, when publishing in a journal
How do you earn opportunites to review journals or conference papers?
Requesting raw data from previously published research
Is Lambert Academic Publishing a reputable company?
What does a &quot;major revision&quot; mean?
How do I reference the Python programming language in a thesis or a paper?
Academic journals for... High school students?
Should I cite author names as they appear in the journal or as I know them to be complete?
How should I respond to a terrible copyediting job?
As a PhD-Advisor: How do I discourage a student from continuing?
Is it ethical to share the knowledge for free that I&#39;ve learned at the university?
How do you know when your independent findings are paper-worthy?
As a new faculty member, how do I avoid the Peter Principle?
Good slide design for teaching?
Is it possible for reviewers to mistakenly reject a quality paper?
How can we promote better writing skills in academic education?
Should I write a paper on open-source software I&#39;ve built?
How should I reference my Github repository with materials for my paper?
What are the benefits/detriments to graduate students joining unions?
Why do university campuses have glass blowing services?
What is the socio-economic argument or historical basis for university tuition fees?
Can students finish much of their PhD thesis before applying to a PhD program?
I Plagiarised, what punishment can I expect?
Children in the Classroom
Responding to a reviewer who misunderstood key concepts of a paper
Assessing students in exams with negative points?
In peer-review, is it common for a reviewer to be shown and asked to comment on other reviewers&#39; reports?
How should one interpret a requirement that a proposal in pure math be &quot;jargon-free?&quot;
How should an graduate student with Aspergers syndrome prepare for a teaching career?
How to prove/deal with plagiarism that is hidden behind bad synonyms?
What to do when university has not yet reimbursed travel costs for a job interview?
Why do reviews of articles often start with a summary of the article?
Does doing a postdoc mean a commitment to an academic career?
What are the advantages and disadvantages to completing a Masters program before applying to a Ph. D program?
Can I publish the reviews I write?
Data publication basics - where, why, how, and when should I publish my unpublished data?
EU Ph.D. in Germany: Calling yourself &quot;Dr.&quot; or &quot;Ph.D.&quot;
Should I worry about a referee who recommended rejection being offended if my paper is accepted?
How does a graduate program&#39;s admissions committee operate?
How to let a journal know that its submission process is very painful?
What are the strategies for getting feedback on articles?
What are the key features of a short (15 min) conference presentation?
Is it ethical to use another university&#39;s journal subscription if yours doesn&#39;t have access?
Free, open-source substitutes for Mendeley?
Any suggestions to create and maintain a good research atmosphere
Is it possible to give too much praise in a reference letter that supports a green card application?
What should advisors do if one of their PhD students has to withdraw?
How did conferences &quot;work&quot; before the e-mail era?
What do I need to ensure my presentation will go smoothly?
Should your PhD students call you by your first name?
Is there anything wrong with faculty socializing with grad students?
Self-Plagiarism in PhD thesis
Will it hurt me if my advisor&#39;s last name is before mine alphabetically?
What is the best way to turn down a Postdoc offer?
How to share computer code?
How can I detect a toxic environment while on the interview circuit?
Is it ethical to apply different criteria for graduate admissions based on country of undergraduate study?
Safely negotiate a salary for a PhD offer - Germany
Panic Attacks during an exam - Can the student be re-tested?
Which is more impressive -- finishing a PhD in 2.5 years or getting more research done?
Is it problematic to use a Wikipedia article I wrote in my PhD thesis?
Is it appropriate to ask colleagues opinions when reviewing a paper?
Should I accept an invitation to give a talk on dated work?
Why is salary inversion a problem?
Should I call my adviser by her first name?
Is it appropriate for a TA to say &quot;My Students&quot;?
What to do with a result too small to be publishable, but interesting nonetheless?
How to address a mistake in an old paper in a very prestigious scientific journal?
How to deal with cheating when university policy is ineffective?
When should one include the proof of known results in a mathematical PhD thesis?
Do hiring committees actually give preference to underrepresented groups?
What to do when a referee wants to criticize someone else through me
Why is it said that judging a paper by citation count is a bad idea?
Is it OK to mention a two-body problem during a tenure-track interview, if getting the job would actually resolve the problem?
Should I review a paper that violates the maximum length limitation?
Should you correct grammar mistakes during peer review?
Is the PNG file format acceptable for academic papers?
Technical editor changed author order of the paper
Should referees assume that authors will see the full report if their paper is rejected?
Rules for affiliation for student doing unpaid research in his/her free time?
The Etiquette of Leaving a Faculty Position
How many people read an individual journal article?
Why is the city of publication important in most bibliography format?
How to communicate achievements on the StackExchange network in an academic CV or job interview?
What can I do as a graduate student to maximize my chances of obtaining a professorship?
What is a good checklist for last minute changes before submitting a PhD thesis?
Resources on how to overcome writer&#39;s block, especially for non-native English speakers?
Why don&#39;t all disciplines follow a double-blind review system?
Reading (&amp; understanding) a lot of papers is hard. How to deal with it?
To stay or leave PhD after having completed 4 years
How to prepare for being a TA (Teaching Assistant)?
What data about grades should I tell the class? Make public?
How should students react to inaccuracies in professors&#39; teaching without causing resentment
Why does academia.edu reserve the right to sell, modify, and &quot;exploit&quot; my papers if I post them there?
How do I know if I&#39;m good enough to be a math professor?
How strong of an obligation does an advisor have to attend his/her Ph.D. students&#39; graduation?
Can reviewing papers help increase your credibility as a researcher?
Can a journal withhold referee reports from the authors of a rejected paper?
Research paper - translated plagiarism?
What should I do if a coauthor, who has contributed the most among my coauthors, declined to be listed as a coauthor?
Percentage of PhD&#39;s in mathematics with no publications
Post tenure job search in the humantities: a waste of time?
Do we actually need more PhDs?
Is &quot;read the syllabus&quot; a sufficient transfer of responsibility?
What should I state for &quot;expected salary&quot; in a tenure-track job application?
What leverage do universities have over sexual violence in fraternities?
How to politely decline an interview for a PhD program?
Is it poor grammar to replace normal phrases with mathematical symbols in sentences in a mathematical paper?
Is there deliberate gender preferential treatment in hiring or admission in STEM fields?
How to approach PhD admissions after leaving previous PhD because my advisor tried to force me to manipulate data
Is it possible for people with a stutter to have a career in academia?
Grading: students give correct answers, but in the wrong places
Just got tenured and promoted, but need to move for family reasons
Should I drop my paper after finding a recent very similar paper?
Is it immoral to show new students how to use Wolfram Alpha?
When should I stop including talks on my cv?
What is an extended abstract?
Is there any disadvantage to having open-access publications? 
How do I go about publishing a paper without a university affiliation?
How old is too old for a PhD?
How can a researcher improve his contribution to society?
Academic pipeline: How many papers should you have under review?
Stack Overflow reputation in CV
&quot;Looking for a postdoc&quot; ad inside a conference talk?
How to handle ego clashes within an academic department
What is the difference between Abstract, conclusion and summary?
Is it ethical for departments to have publication requirements for students
Does &quot;corresponding author&quot; carry an implied meaning?
When should a student attempt unsupervised research?
Does it amount to plagiarism by supervisors?
How to motivate students to complete work that I cannot frequently check?
Joining a group for PhD, how do I judge the atmosphere before I sign?
How should I introduce myself (a graduate student) at a conference?
How can I improve the effectiveness of my literature searches?
How to have a fulfilling social life as an academic
What to do when no one speaks English around you?
What to wear on one&#39;s shoulders to interviews? (bags, backpacks, etc.)
Are search committees biased in terms of a candidate&#39;s looks, such as long hair for men?
How to get better at identifying research gaps?
How to get pornographic movies for scientific research purposes?
Should academics allow student to submit a possibly flawed paper?
What to do when I think a published paper displays academic misconduct?
Should I withdraw my paper if I find another paper published with the same idea?
What can I do if, years ago, a professor agreed to write a recommendation letter, but never sent it?
Is it mandatory to include the registered trademark symbol &#174; next to the name of a computer program?
Dispute over precision with coauthor
What might the editor do if my supervisor contacts a journal to claim authorship of a paper?
Is developing a cheaper method ever considered to be originality in academic research?
How to remove gender bias from an academic job search?
Are professors at a public university in the U.S. considered to be &quot;employed by the U.S. government&quot;?
Is having a &quot;too good to be true&quot; recommendation bad?
When to answer and when not to answer a brief e-mail from a busy academic?
Is it ethical to blog about your publications to communicate your research without being restricted by the journal?
Do refreshments attract audience to seminars?
How to cite earlier work, discovered only at the end, that claims similar results to a recently completed project?
How serious should I regard the &quot;compliments&quot; in an email denying my application?
What are alternatives to Journal of Theoretical Biology?
When asking research-based questions, what are some good practices to maximize the rates at which people reply to emails?
How to efficiently read mathematically and theoretically dense books in STEM fields?
How to improve technical writing
Is it beneficial to publish papers not related to your primary research field?
When / how should I ask about a manuscript&#39;s status in review?
Should I include a publication where I&#39;m only acknowledged (and not one of the authors) in my CV?
When and why a scientific technical report is written?
Why do universities have to spend money on journals?
What items should I ask for in my startup package?
How to find grant proposal samples?
How to find ways to proofread English in papers
Reproducible Research :: Proprietary or Open Source Software?
What to do after being denied tenure?
What&#39;s the best way to share my presentation slides online?
How do we know if something relevant is already published?
Things to do before submitting a manuscript
How to get back on track after falling behind
I was rejected from my dream graduate school...what should I do?
Acknowledging a reviewer from a journal from which the paper was rejected
Is it peculiar for a department not to have any of its own PhD graduates as professors?
For undergraduates, is publishing &quot;weak&quot; research better than not publishing?
When can you call yourself doctor?
How to suggest reviewers for a Journal?
Swiss cheese holes in my education. Do I go back and fill them?
What are the minimum contributions required for co-authorship
What makes a good chalkboard?
Is it better to have no publication than having you as second author?
Correlation between personality type (MBTI or other) and success in academia?
Why do researchers in areas requiring minimal resources apply for grants?
Do we ever, in a research paper, mention methods we tried but did not get a satisfactory result?
How can one learn from poor teaching evaluations?
A lecturer is hard to understand, what to do?
If an author declines authorship, may her co-authors publish without her?
Is it appropriate to show concern for a professor&#39;s well-being?
My advisor wants me to include a name of someone who has no contribution to the paper
Are professors paid during sabbatical?
Is it ethical to accept small gifts from students?
Email to a professor after long time for recommendation
Is there any research on the prevalence of academic theft?
How should one interpret a rejection on the grounds that a paper &quot;has no added value to the existing state of the art&quot;?
What should I let students do when they finish exams early?
Is there a way to save my students money on a textbook?
What can I do to be able to understand conference presentations?
Why are [some] professors ambiguous about material that is actually tested on exams?
What attitude should a speaker have to going over time?
Is it wise to develop skills that do not immediately benefit short-term research productivity?
Are there people who have done so much work before PhD that they get a PhD automatically?
Why do some individuals who are productive PhD students at leading Western institutions, then publish infrequently as faculty in their home country?
Can I force my professor to give me a copy of his powerpoint presentation?
Leaving academia - what to do with the personal website?
Can I refuse a stipend during a PhD program?
How to prevent plagiarism of my papers?
If I abandon my PhD program, will it prevent me from continuing elsewhere?
Points to remember when having to write recommendation letter yourself
Are faculty salaries negotiable?
How to invite yourself to present at another university?
How to identify predatory publishers/journals
What are some ways to increase grading speed?
How long should letters of recommendation for students be?
How should I deal with a professor whose weak language proficiency is disturbing our paper&#39;s writing quality?
Should I keep my name on a paper in which I have no important contribution?
How do &quot;lecturers&quot; differ from &quot;professors&quot; in large universities?
How do you judge an Indian CGPA score?
Whether to publish one big paper or many smaller papers for a given research project?
What is the effect of a journal going open-access on its impact factor?
How much vacation time is typical during a PhD in the United States?
As an editor, what measures can I implement to prevent image/photo manipulation?
How much is the normal salary of a postdoctoral fellow in North America and Western Europe?
Are there any downsides to receiving BSc, MSc, and PhD all from the same university?
How did modern western post-secondary education become tied up with research and publications?
Guiding a mentee towards greater independence
Is the new ACM 2012 taxonomy usable/in use?
What is &quot;Oberwolfach style&quot;?
Advisor walked in while I was complaining about her; How can I minimize the damage to our relationship?
How to prevent students from having an unfair advantage on exams, when they are held on different days?
How to acknowledge contributions of anonymous referee in new paper?
Should we translate non-english university names?
Do you have to find out/ prove something to get a PhD?
How relevant are (journal) papers for the valuation of one’s work and results?
My professor gave me a bad grade and wouldn&#39;t discuss it further, I think some prejudice may be involved. How should a student proceed?
Is there added value in having your own presentation layout and using it consistently?
Colleague erroneously got a grade that is too high
Is there a reason to spread your research into multiple journals instead of just one?
Why do academics work only nine months of the year?
How do you respectfully give a teacher feedback about their teaching?
Research on practices in addressing faculty bullying/harassment in academia
How to express dissension as a grad TA while maintaining professionalism
Should students be shown the grading rubric?
What is the purpose of giving grades?
Who owns things bought with research funding after project ends?
Is it legal and is it appropriate to display religious items in faculty offices in the United States?
How to tell my supervisor that I have severe phobia of flying?
If you want to do a PhD in mathematics, how important is it to start immediately after finishing undergraduate studies?
What steps can faculty and staff take to promote excellence in, and importance of, teaching?
Should I warn my professor about some errors that I&#39;ve found in his paper?
What should I do if my master&#39;s advisor used a figure from my thesis in a publication without citation or acknowledgment?
Do professors get paid for supervising students?
As a TA, how should I address the professor&#39;s difficult curriculum?
What is the h-index exactly and how does it work?
Is there a correlation between being a good teacher and being a good researcher?
When does a PhD end?
How important are citations when applying for jobs or promotions?
A major journal in my field is published by Elsevier. How can we move the field to a less objectionable, more open publisher?
Is it possible to become a professor in a field where you don&#39;t have a PhD degree?
How ethical is it to view recommendation letters?
Apply to PhD after expulsion from another
Can game theory explain grade inflation?
Solutions to the lack of code transparency in economics?
How to get the data to reproduce a published result?
How do academics make money from applying their research?
PhD to be advised by Mr. Enfant Terrible?
Does Impact Factor reflect the quality of a journal?
At what stage of research career one can write a &#39;review article&#39;?
Is a PhD the highest degree?
Are citations in abstracts considered bad style?
What are the disadvantages of opening the source of your own science tools
How to begin a class with humor
Should a reviewer critique language and text copy-paste issues?
Practical implications of noting &quot;equally contributing authors&quot;
Co-authorship for not very involved supervisor
I missed an application deadline, but it wasn&#39;t entirely my fault. How can I still be considered?
Software for extracting data from a graph without having to click on every single point?
How hard is it for someone who already has tenure to find a tenured position elsewhere?
Keeping track of all you have to do in academia
Archiving papers, simulation and experimental data, etc?
What is the easiest way to check for plagiarism in student essay papers?
How to make my papers accessible to other researchers?
Prolonging a PhD to improve research CV, is this good ?
Should I add references to conference presentations?
What should I do if the professor I intended to work with has moved to a different school?
How should a student defend his 1st authorship in front of his advisor politely and effectively?
Will anybody actually read your research and teaching statements?
How to attend conferences without funding
How to do a flawless and natural presentation?
Is it appropriate and useful to inquire if an open position has an internal candidate?
How should academics handle communication with the media?
Are there any journals that pay reviewers?
What to do when students bring me questions related to other courses and subjects?
Can the communicating author remove some of the authors (4 out of 6) when submitting the second revision of a paper describing a database?
Is it appropriate to acknowledge StackExchange in my MSc thesis?
How can I signal that I don&#39;t intend to follow up the items in my &quot;Future Work&quot; section?
To what extent should a professor give students freedom to do independent research?
What to do when you discover a mistake in the archived copy of your PhD thesis?
Publishing Free Papers by Publishing house: Offer or Scam?
How do I stop feeling intimidated by my advisor?
Old PI&#39;s coauthorship on a paper after finishing the postdoc, a preliminary idea developed then but rejected by him
When to use a table vs. a plot to present numeric information?
What to do when you spot a paper on arXiv with the same essential material as yours?
How much time do professors have to do research on their own?
Overcoming depression and getting back on rails with PhD work
As a reviewer, what steps can I take after paper is published despite major scientific and ethical concerns, with no explanation from editor?
My paper was withdrawn from predatory journal after publication, what should I do?
Professor will not write a letter of recommendation because I have restricted access to my records under FERPA, is this legitimate?
Why do research faculty pursue administrative positions, such as dean, provost, president, etc. ? Do such positions spell the end of one&#39;s research?
Can my degree be revoked if my relationship with my advisor sours post-defense?
Why the taboo against naming discoveries after yourself?
Do I need to mention having survived a life-threatening illness when applying for a new academic position?
Is it necessary to understand every detail of a research paper?
How does the admissions process work for US Ph.D. programs, particularly for weak or borderline students?
How does one address a tenure-track offer that is below expectations
PhDs in the arts - what exactly do they do?
Can student second author go to conference?
If you make a substantial contribution should you be given the opportunity to satisfy the other requirements for authorship?
Should I feel bad for applying to two postdoc positions?
Is it appropriate to register a girlfriend with &quot;companion registration&quot; for an academic conference?
Can a professor influence the graduate admissions committee if he or she is interested in a particular student?
Scientifically meaningful sources of bibliometrics
Advisor isn&#39;t advising
Attending graduate school at my undergraduate university
Details an applicant should include/exclude in an introductory letter to a prospective grad school adviser?
How common is it to write out a script for a talk? What are the benefits?
Keeping track of bibliography references for an entire research group
How to act as an editor?
How do you &quot;grow your own&quot; post doc opportunity?
How do I deal with diverse interests when applying for a PhD program?
What are some good project-management tools for academics?
How to withdraw your paper from an open access journal where it has been accepted?
Dissertation acknowledgements
Should I assume that attendees have read my papers when I give a talk?
Value of contributions to Wikipedia when applying for academic jobs
What to do when principal investigator publishes your work without putting you down as a coauthor?
Is it desirable to compliment a seminar speaker before asking a question?
What skills are needed to sustain a research group?
Advertising one&#39;s publication
How to evaluate students? Resources on educational assessment for higher education
How do I appropriately penalize late projects?
How can I prepare myself to advise students for jobs outside of academia?
Is it reasonable to evaluate spelling/grammar in reports for students diagnosed with dyslexia?
Measure of review bias
Issue tracking when writing a paper
Supervisor keeps &quot;showstopping&quot; defense with nit-picky grammar errors
Important factors for hiring a young mathematician
Should I post publications in preparation (or just submitted) on my CV?
Indicating a name change after publication
“making it look good”- is it always important?
How often do you email a supervisor?
What changes after peer review but prior to final submission are acceptable?
How to compose a great recommendation letter?
What is the best way to keep your students from getting out of control?
Does putting poor performing students on academic probation improve student performance?
Saying &quot;good question&quot; during a seminar talk
Made an arXiv submission too early; How to minimize the damage?
Is there a stigma in computer science toward too many postdoc positions?
Is it appropriate as a referee to contact an author after the editor rejected the manuscript?
What does it mean to have vacation time in European academia?
Do&#39;s and Don&#39;t&#39;s of Undergraduate Research
PhD in the US compared to Europe
Is listing non-academic interests on academic CVs important?
Is there independent oversight of Journal Impact Factors?
Searching a pdf journal paper for mathematical symbols
Is it dishonest to guess on multiple choice exams?
Is it a good idea to cite paper from publisher listed in Beall’s list
Is it legal to use tourist visa waiver for academic visits?
Who benefits from the anonymity of the peer review process?
When can asking a question during lecture be offensive?
How to get rid of annoying graduate student &quot;supervisor&quot;
How to test (admitted) grad students before hiring them in your lab
How to display your own name in publications list when you are a middle-author on a publication with a large number of authors?
Is it right to ignore publications coming from non-top publishers?
Is that a good idea to send an errata list to a professor whose class I&#39;m currently enrolled in?
Ignored Requests Open-Source Software from a Research Group
How detrimental is involvement in politics to a scientific career?
What can I do when my transcripts have mistakes?
How interchangeable are PhD students to most professors?
Some possible ways to respond to a student complaining about not having enough time on exam
How to show extreme gratitude in an email?
How should I state a &#39;PhD dropout&#39; in my CV?
How is a paper with multiple authors usually written?
What to do with research results while being in high school?
Can I hide my bachelor and master degrees in CV when I apply for a PhD position?
How can I politely tell a professor that I&#39;m too busy to do research with him this term?
Is it ethical to use past years&#39; final exams that the professor hasn&#39;t explicitly given, to study for a final in the same class?
Going to a lower-ranked school for better advisor fit
How much travel is too much travel?
What are some good questions to ask current graduate students when visiting schools?
Is it advisable to put entire source of my thesis up on GitHub?
How do I find research groups that do work in field X?
When is it a good idea to let an academic department (or a professor) know that I have Asperger&#39;s (or ADD)?
Open versus Blind reviewing process
How do I create a workshop/conference?
Why does professor prohibit me talking to people?
I want to submit a paper to arXiv.org, but I&#39;m not affiliated to an Institute. What can I do?
Attributing contributions to academic work that occur in Stack Exchange
How can I create a sense of community in a research group?
What do publishers provide to authors in different disciplines?
Sample Research Grant White Paper
What&#39;s a good way out when research is stuck?
How to select a Master&#39;s thesis topic if your advisor won&#39;t suggest one?
Is &quot;working from home&quot; a bad thing in academia?
Can I show my co-author the final version of an accepted publication I reviewed?
Can I use the work in my journal/conference publications as chapters in my dissertation?
How to deploy a StackExchange-style question and answer site for a university subject?
How can I encourage my advisor to adopt better work practices?
What makes securing faculty positions difficult?
What will happen to non open-access publications in the UK after 2014?
What should a tenured professor do to move to a more research oriented school?
Conference management software (preferably open source) with custom fields
Does a recommendation have to be from a professor from your university?
What does &quot;tenure&quot; mean?
In writing a paper, how far can criticism of previous works go?
How does the ranking of a university relate to a future career in mathematics?
Are the referees of a journal allowed to reveal the title of the papers they review after the review process?
Are academic indicators (h-index, impact factor, etc) really adopted by institutions? Currently used? And how?
Internet Git repository for collaboration on a paper
What is the academic approach when the supervisor attacks student&#39;s religion?
Finish previous work during current position
If tenured staff are virtually unsackable, why is the drive to find funding so strong?
Grading schemes to encourage effort
How young is typically “young”?
Why do a second PhD in a &quot;neighboring&quot; discipline?
Is it okay to use students as a reference when applying for a teaching position?
How to encourage seminar attendance?
Reading material on working conditions of women in academia
What is the best way to read a textbook?
How to stay on top of recent literature?
Why do some conference have an &quot;abstract submission&quot; before the &quot;paper submission&quot;?
Dealing with irresponsiveness from far-away scientists
What is wrong with continuing to publish with my PhD adviser?
Which topics should be covered in a teaching statement?
How useful are professional society memberships?
How do I make sure I get strong recommendation letters for faculty positions?
Is it acceptable as referee to contact an author on a paper you review?
Can one publish papers which give an improved presentation of old results?
Ways of developing non-core skills during PhD studies?
What to do when a referee asks for changes I am not willing to make?
How to support a student whose aspirations I don&#39;t support?
Do editors ever &quot;overbook&quot; referees?
What corrections can you make on galley proofs?
When should academic papers be censored due to public health/safety concerns?
How long typically are paper reviews? Is there such a thing as “too long”?
arXiv is running out of IDs -- is their solution known?
Asking a celebrity prof to sign a paper he/she wrote?
What are the &#39;right questions&#39; to ask professors at a visit day for prospective graduate students?
What to do if I can&#39;t get a visa to attend a conference that accepted my paper?
Keeping email records when moving between posts
Citing a Hollywood movie in a scientific paper
Are religious invocations in academic presentations appropriate?
What can I do if my supervisor does not publish my research results?
How to conduct an effective regular group meeting?
Social etiquette for interacting with PhD peers who complain *a lot*
How to react to an angry email / argument as a third party
How to stay motivated in a low-motivated group?
Teaching a very small class when the students have very uneven proficiency levels
How to respond to my name being included in acknowledgements of incorrect/misleading paper whose authors ignored my recommendations?
Has the DeWitt Clause, which prevents researchers for publishing DB benchmarks explicitly using a DBMS name, ever been successfully defended in court?
How should I deal with my groupmate&#39;s unprofessional behavior as a TA?
Is an MS in computer science helpful in improving programming skills?
How detailed should proofs be in a mathematical PhD thesis?
Does publishing a paper with a non-edu email influence the review process?
how useful are solo papers?
How to balance reading the literature and just solving the problem your self?
What do search committees really read in a CV during initial screening for a faculty position?
Why do companies fund academic research?
How do I not get impatient when other people ask me to describe my research?
Doing a PhD with significant external time obligations (e.g., marriage)
When is it appropriate to decline a review request?
How can one successfully run a reading group?
Publishing amateur research
How to interview undergraduate candidates for research assistants?
Citing sources of problems in assignments
Choosing and training (admitted) PhD students for research
What to do when PhD is becoming hell due to non-cooperation from supervisor?
Should my advisor know if I am auditing unrelated courses?
How does the experience of working at a &quot;top&quot; university differ from working at an average one?
Romantic relationships between faculty and students
Under what circumstances can one republish a conference paper/presentation?
How to annotate/summarize research papers for long-term retrieval?
Coordination of a class taught by different professors: how to be fair to the students?
What year to use when citing second editions of books
How to find all of the responses to a published research paper?
What contents should I put on my academic website?
How to get academic search engines only search in open access journals?
Are the Hardy-Littlewood “rules” unethical?
Prospective PhD contacts potential supervisor but receives no answer after 2-3 emails, what to do?
How much time should I spend on reviewing
Saving handwritten notes for future reference
Is use of unconventional design elements or layout something frowned upon in academic context?
How to deal with racial insensitivity in an academic environment?
Should I tell other interviewers where else I&#39;ve interviewed?
Is it considered a self-plagiarism to reuse (published) abstracts for talks?
Is it ok to send an email informing about your new paper?
How to find out the editorial times (for article review) of CS journals?
What are good principles for creating figures?
What percentage of STEM PhD applicants have peer-reviewed publications?
Job search when coming up for tenure
Good book on English for academic writing and speaking for non-native speakers
How &quot;submitted&quot;, &quot;to appear&quot;, &quot;accepted&quot; papers are evaluated in a CV?
Is it appropriate to email an eminent researcher in your field?
Should I resubmit a rejected paper to the same journal?
Etiquette when unable to attend a conference
Mention impact factor or conference acceptance rate in CV
Having the knowledge of a graduate student but not having the degree requirements for graduate school?
If you have no choice, is it acceptable to translate a recommendation letter for yourself?
Who can peer-review articles?
Culture clashes in authorship norms
Is providing a slow response to journal reviews a common/good strategy for minimizing the number of review requests?
&quot;Dividing Points&quot; among cheating students
Is it appropriate to e-mail a researcher asking about progress on a follow-up paper?
Student Travel Grant = Volunteering; is it worth it?
Transitioning: PhD to Postdoc and Productivity
Do I need to define all forms of cheating in the syllabus?
What should I do if the first author wants me to write the whole paper?
How to preempt plagiarism accusations
Is it considered cheating to ask a friend or tutor to proofread your thesis before submission?
Academic home page with low maintenance burden
References/resources on problems surrounding peer review in physics?
What should I do as a reader if a paper misrepresented earlier papers?
What do these mysterious numbers in the subject line of arXiv mailing list emails mean?
How to make group work work?
How to become a whistleblower?
Prof disagrees with assigned textbook regarding an exam question
How to quantify the loss in productivity due to time spent on writing proposals
How to review a major revision of a paper?
Why do principal investigators not hire grant writers?
How to know when you should change what is taught during a lab classes
Best way to politely remove someone from paper authorship who planned to contribute but did not?
How can I thank a senior faculty who&#39;s written me a good reference which helped me land a desirable job?
As an inexperienced/unknown recommendation letter writer, what should I do to make my letter stand out?
Is it ever appropriate to correct a non-native teacher&#39;s English?
How do project supervisors address the &quot;freeloading&quot; problem in group projects?
High school student scooped by PhD student in the same lab
A researcher that I know organizes a symposium within a strange conference and has asked me to go. What is the appropriate etiquette for declining?
Is it acceptable to use the word &quot;trivial&quot; in lecture?
What are the negative consequences of slacking off after attaining tenure?
Would it be ethical for a computer science PhD student to hire an assistant (programmer)?
Why are conference papers so important in computer science (CS)?
How to keep plans for a job change quiet?
Traveling with textbooks
How to motivate speakers to give less specialized talks at a &quot;colloquium?&quot;
How to do a good job of undergraduate advisement?
What are the benefits of PhD students working on projects where they won&#39;t be first-author?
Is Research Fellow a gender-neutral term?
What are the pros and cons of being co-supervised?
What kind of opportunities exist in the industry for someone with a Ph.D in theoretical CS?
Advice and tools for hosting an online journal club
Is it possible for a student in first year of Ph.D to secure funding for attending conferences?
Priority of application materials for admission decision
Postdoc opportunities in mathematics
Being harassed by a department chair
Is it acceptable to publish a paper using an affiliation with a former employer?
What is the equivalent of the laboratory notebook in the humanities?
How to tell what is &#39;widely accepted&#39; or &#39;consensus&#39;
Number of potential PhD advisors at a school
How do universities deal with loss in productivity post tenure?
Do professors frown upon students who don&#39;t take notes?
What are some general good principles for creating a poster for a poster session?
How do multiple PhD scholarships combine?
OpenOffice Vs. LibreOffice Vs. MSOffice for academic writing
Is it ethical to pay a journal substantially to publish a paper?
Who all are considered authors of papers written on behalf of a research group?
What should/can I do on finding an error in a published article?
What is the closest alternative journal to journal X?
How to select a dissertation committee member wisely?
How to encourage students to work more carefully and independently?
How to approach American English vs. British English spelling in a paper?
What is the principal investigator’s responsibility regarding data authenticity?
Working at a Liberal Arts College in Mathematics
How far back should one go in citing classic works?
Is publishing papers before the evaluation of thesis a good idea?
What are the main differences between undergraduate, master&#39;s, and doctoral theses?
What to do if one has had an unsuccessful PhD (because of others&#39; fault)?
How is the equal opportunity principle enforced in academic recruitment?
Any pointers for reading articles digitally (on screen)?
Drawing Lines when Giving Ideas to Undergraduate Students
Unhappy with my PhD program, thinking about applying to another university
How do you make connections to faculty outside your department?
Students who did poorly on the final exam
What can/should be done about journals that spam potential contributors?
Too burnt out to continue MSc
Should I stay in PhD program I dislike to have a shot at liberal arts teaching?
What should be put in the final slide when preparing teaching presentations?
Should I tell my advisor that our paper is full of mistakes?
Advice for having children during graduate school
How should disallowed collaboration on a freshman homework set be handled by a TA?
Why are the registration fees for academic conferences so high?
When suggesting referee names, where do you draw the line for conflict of interest?
How to effectively address conflicting suggestions from reviewers
Asking a question in SE might be considered a breach of anonymity?
Is it acceptable to require a student to use the supervisor&#39;s preferred software/tools?
How many faculty positions should one apply to?
Are software engineers with PhD in demand in Academia?
Is specifying a minimum word count beneficial for academic writing?
How to maximise one&#39;s chances of getting a good postdoc position?
What should a PhD student do when he receives no feedback on his work except some reviews on his papers?
What percentage of PhD theses are rejected nowadays?
When is it appropriate for a PhD student to discuss personal problems affecting his productivity with his advisor?
What should you do if you don&#39;t hear anything back from editor after a whole year from first submission?
Should I publish a given unit of work in more smaller papers or fewer larger papers?
What suggestions should I make when reviewing a poorly written paper?
Best way to respond to a request for CV
Recommended rejection of a paper, but invited to review the paper again
What are predictors of the success of PhD students?
PhD without previous academic degree: truth or myth?
Any place for people with fear of writing?
How to address students who do not attend, yet want to keep up with the course?
Can we use students&#39; class homework solution for research purpose?
How much do Springer-Verlag authors make per book sold?
How can I prove that I didn&#39;t plagiarize?
Do I cite introductory material in a subject that helped me indirectly?
Is it advisable to attend a conference in Germany with talks by German presenters in English if you don&#39;t speak German?
Aftermath of rightfully submitting a solo paper without my advisor&#39;s name
What is the value of a Coursera certificate?
Requesting review of short proof by professor
Re-using text from a grant proposal in a paper (or vice versa)
Is a copied acknowledgements section considered plagiarism?
Paper rejection due to being &quot;correspondence&quot;: what does it mean?
Is there a difference between &quot;forthcoming&quot; and &quot;in press&quot;?
How to prevent physical/psychological health side effects of workaholism in academia and research?
What should I do when images in a publication appear to have been faked?
I found out my master&#39;s thesis topic has already been done (exactly), and my advisor didn&#39;t mention this when suggesting it to me - how to proceed?
How to handle students not returning borrowed equipment?
Is it possible to restart a PhD due to issues with supervisor (and should I do it)?
Why is a tenure defense talk necessary?
Why would a tenure-track job posting ask for an undergraduate transcript?
When does a statistical consultant become a co-author or collaborator?
Are there any good strategies for conveying the true significance of the results that look obvious post factum?
How to judge the reputation of a potential advisor or research group for good quality research for PhD?
Does significant editing of a paper with the possibility of minor contributions to its scientific content warrant co-authorship?
Is it appropriate/safe to ask for help on major theorem proof of my paper online?
Who is earning money when users buy access to a research article?
How can one differentiate between Dr. (PhD) and Dr. (MD)?
How can I timestamp my paper without violating double-blind review?
Is it unethical to ask for homework help on StackExchange?
To what extent can I use the concept of &quot;God&quot; in a meteorology lecture without offending anyone?
I submitted a paper to two journals, and the first published it, but I agreed to publish in the other; what can I do?
How much involvement should my advisor have in deciding my availability and actions for me?
Can a discoverer give the name he wants to his finding?
Is it ethical for a student to edit the Wikipedia page of his advisor?
Why do US universities have strict formatting requirements for dissertations?
How to deal with a student who insists on getting a higher grade?
Am I obligated to finish my post-doc term before starting my tenure-track job?
What&#39;s the meaning of &quot;first-page-first order&quot;?
Is it unethical to send unofficial feedback to authors of a paper which I declined to review due to conflict of interest?
Is it permitted to cite works by members of my own family, in classwork?
Should one offer to take over a lecture that the lecturer is struggling to teach?
Research on relationship between how an instructor is addressed and students&#39; evaluations of that instructor?
How accurate are published papers?
What to do when people in a research group use different selections of programming languages for computation (e.g., Mathematica, Python, Matlab)?
Are master&#39;s degrees in the US mostly meant to prepare you for a Ph.D?
What&#39;s the net income of a W1/W2 german professor?
What role do professors on a graduate student&#39;s PhD committee serve?
How good are entrepreneurial opportunities for faculty members?
Free ways to automatically get notified if new papers are published on ACM or IEEE?
Interview strategies for faculty positions - to focus on their research or your own?
PhD opportunities when lacking publications
Good ways to multitask
Is there any world-wide ranking of conferences/journals?
Abbreviations in journal papers
Applying for PhD after a poor master&#39;s
How might changing topic affect a career in academia?
How to prepare for the French language exam as part of PhD program?
Is there any reason to get paper reprints of your articles? 
Etiquette for discussing authorships, expectations, etc. with potential advisors
Why doesn&#39;t citation of a book give specific pages?
What is the purpose of the weekly research meetings that advisers often have with their research group?
Can I publish parts of the Ph.D thesis as a paper in a journal?
I&#39;d like to use a figure from a paper, what&#39;s the best way to do this?
Which is the most accepted measure for an individual&#39;s academic productivity?
Isn&#39;t ghostwriting reverse-plagiarism?
Present math for non-mathematicians
Are there some fields where having skills in a language other than English is necessary to perform research at an international level?
My work was published and my name was nowhere to be found: how should I handle this?
why is the impact factor of mathematical journals &quot;often&quot; lower than the impact factor of journals in other disciplines
What is a &quot;TV-L 13&quot; position?
Is it appropriate to bring coffee and cookies to a PhD defense?
What to do with negative research outcomes (results) of PhD research experiment?
What tense should paper titles use?
Do extracurricular research/activities in graduate school negatively affect your future?
How much time before (possible) effect of US sequester is felt on grant funding?
Worry about stealing of research ideas
What is the etiquette about the length of a visit when giving departmental seminars?
If I publish under a pseudonym, can I still take credit for my work?
What is a &quot;diploma mill&quot;?
How is a new academic journal born?
Is it acceptable to decline to review a paper due to lack of familiarity?
Bad departmental funding, when do you leave the ship?
What does &quot;Publish or perish&quot; really mean?
How to motivate a student to attempt solving tough questions?
Add acknowledgments and self citations to paper only after the blind review?
Why become a journal editor?
Mentor trying to be first author?
Is it advisable to upload theses to the arXiv?
How can I cite same reference in two successive sentences?
Can I get a PhD online?
How do I tactfully tell my advisor (who&#39;s much busier than I am) that I&#39;m too busy to do such-and-such?
Should bad prior work be ignored, or cited and criticised?
Hiring a faculty consultant
How to handle a PI who constantly threatens to kick me out of their lab?
As a dissertation advisor, how can I best help a &quot;typical&quot; graduate student?
Elsevier actions following US sanctions on Iran
Dangers of allowing students to resubmit assignments
How will the 2013 US government shutdown affect NSF postdoc applications?
Can a referee request a paper referenced in the reviewed paper?
If I refereed a paper at one journal (and it was rejected) should I referee it again when it&#39;s sent to another journal?
Visualization tool for paper citations
Distance learning: taken seriously?
Soliciting pre-submission manuscript comments from people who could later be peer reviewers
Is it rude to request a book chapter from the academic who wrote it if you don&#39;t want to buy the entire textbook?
How does Microsoft Academic Search generate its rankings?
How do you deal with trolling students?
I have a degree but it isn&#39;t actually what it looks like it is. How do I list it on my CV?
If I write a really bad, but controversial, paper, can I increase my h-index?
Is it good practice to let students consult their text materials during exams?
Dislike PhD project
Writing a letter of recommendation as a graduate student
How to reply to reviewers on an unintentional wrong proof in my research paper?
Why would a top department hire a less experienced researcher for a tenure-track position?
How ambitious should one be in picking a journal to submit to?
Abandoning vs. further pursuing a rejected paper?
Would it be considered cheating to ask for homework help on the internet, if I openly acknowledge the help received?
What are the impacts on learning of allowing students to eat in class?
Is there a conflict of interest when the supervisor and co-supervisor are husband and wife?
Why do US flagship state universities vary so much in quality?
What should I do if a student has already done all the work for my course elsewhere?
How to react to flawed preprints?
Is it a good idea to get involved with journals as an associate editor prior to getting tenure?
How to make a paper completely anonymous for reviewers?
University advocates for students facing academic misconduct charges
What is the value of journal publications outside academia?
What are the benefits of organizing a conference?
Is it appropriate to reply every time to a professor&#39;s &quot;thank you&quot; email?
Why are tuition fees for PhD students so high in the USA, despite not taking any class?
Reference on abuse of stimulant medications among professors to enhance academic performance?
Is it legal and ethical to post my notes of a conference I am attending on my website?
How to make leaving a PhD program seem like a positive thing on a resume
Is it ethically questionable for me (an undergraduate) to hire &quot;research assistants&quot;?
Should you thank helpful referees in the acknowledgements section of a paper?
Is it a good idea for a nonnative English speaker to have native speakers help make the English in statement of purpose perfect?
A theorem exists in a book but not in a journal - is this considered as a publication?
What academic functions does a Professor Emeritus usually serve?
Why do editors sometimes accept a paper even if a reviewer recommends rejection?
How can editors and reviewers detect data manipulation?
When are professors most free during a semester?
What makes a didactically effective lecture?
Who can submit papers to peer-reviewed journals?
Advantages to article submission in LaTeX from the publisher&#39;s side
Should I offer to pay (some of) the travel cost from the UK to the US for an interview?
How much decision time is given for tenure-track offers
How damaging are writing errors like typos in faculty application documents?
How to handle relevant, but disruptive, questions
What research shows how assessment design can minimize plagiarism?
Should I omit some of my qualifications in my application materials to &quot;surprise&quot; with during an interview?
Can a professor refuse to introduce any textbook for a course?
Do research-only postdocs harm chances for tenure-track opportunities?
How to deal with graduate school rejection and overall academic failure?
Amusing remarks in papers
How would one fail a master thesis defense?
Should I apply for a PhD position with required programming skills which I do not have?
Developing meta-cognitive and emotional skills during PhD?
Is there such thing as &quot;paper dump conference&quot;? If yes, what actually is it?
How should you refer to yourself in a paper?
Is there any way to only do research after getting a Ph.D.?
What journals do not allow open access to published material?
Should I take courses that are not directly part of my research topic?
What are the most important criteria to consider when hiring postdocs for a research group?
How early should a graduate student begin their job search?
How to format for a useful journal club?
What style questions should I ask potential graduate students interviewing for positions in my lab?
Is it possible to work on extra activities (start-up project) during PhD?
Keeping advisees aware of literature
Why do universities place a weight on GRE/TOEFL scores?
What&#39;s the etiquette for a short visit to a US university department?
Advice/guidance when interviewing for a faculty or postdoc job via Skype or phone?
Do presentations given during interviews count as invited talks?
Use cases of org-mode as a scientific productivity tool for academics without programming needs
For publications, what do I do when my first name is abbreviated?
Do PhD programs care about the personalities of applicants?
Attending university as an adult freshman
Can I cite a URL only instead of author, title, etc. in a research paper?
How to archive an academic blog or website?
Guidelines to follow if my adviser suggests that I work on dead-end projects
Can I reuse part of a paper for my thesis?
Should we reply to the editor after a paper has been rejected and we don&#39;t plan to revise/resubmit?
What&#39;s the correct way to cite a paper cited by another paper?
Different CV for university position and research industry position?
What references must be acknowledged in a paper?
How to deal with constant pressure given by advisor
How much overlap is permitted between a submitted journal article and a thesis?
How does one maintain academic contacts?
As a student, how much time should I spend helping other students with research?
How should a PhD student approach a collaboration?
Graduate early with average GPA, or later with better GPA?
What to do if asked to write a letter of recommendation for a weak candidate?
How to ensure proper peer-review for a self-published book?
How can I stay active in academia from an industry position?
Experiences with Scientific Research Publishing (SCIRP) journals
How can I protect my loose leaf textbooks?
What are the pros and cons in sending a research paper to well-known author, before publishing?
What are some reasons to get (or not get) a PhD?
Is a thesis a publication?
How can a PhD student enlarge his academic collaboration network?
Why use unique digital researcher ID?
How much customization of letters of recommendation is necessary?
How to contact a potential PostDoc advisor?
How does one keep herself updated with new research without forgetting older results?
How to deal with a student found seeking an answer to a coursework question online?
I attended a poorly ranked school for my undergraduate education. Will this affect my chances for a PhD in economics?
When does a paid research assistant become a co-author?
Tips for making online presentation over Skype
How do researchers from different institutions collaborate?
How Long Should a Professor Stay?
Teaching someone who doesn&#39;t put much effort in
Wrong article submission
How to deal with advisor not allocating time to me?
What do you do when you find yourselves with an unreadable/inaccessible paper?
How do you thematically include accidental findings (&quot;serendipity&quot;) in a dissertation or paper?
What&#39;s the point of visiting students?
Should I include a reference for an image that is released into the public domain?
What versions of a paper do I still hold rights to?
Non academic career options for PhD in Math
Is teaching calculus important for getting a job as a university professor in mathematics?
Is it a bad idea to submit a paper merely to elicit reviewers&#39; comments?
Do non-academic extra curricular activities matter for grad school applications?
Professor withholding course grade until submission of conference paper
Strategy for submission of articles to highly ranked journals
Good, neutral source for ISBN linking? (on citing books)
How frequently can you ask for a personal reference without being disrespectful?
Keeping marking unbiased when work is not submitted anonymously
Getting in between another teacher and his student
Publishing in one vs. many journals
Is it illegal to share publications not in the public domain with collaborators?
How do you comment on rapid improvement in a student&#39;s performance?
How much background material should a mathematical research paper include?
Should an assistant professor negotiate for a larger yearly raise before receiving tenure?
Talks vs. poster presentations
What is exactly the role of a phd advisor?
The nightmare of being an independent researcher
What happens if the editor cannot find reviewers?
How to verify authenticity of submitted assignments
Are there any online tools to calculate academic collaboration distance (i.e. a generalisation of the Erdős number)?
Who to address on the cover letter?
Who do I email about a question on a paper?
Emphasizing in paper: italic or bold?
Potential disadvantages of a math postdoc in Europe vs US
What does it mean to be on a short list?
Writing letters of recommendation for more than one student to the same department
How to improve my English from Academic papers?
Having a lot of papers published in unimportant conferences VS very few in good ones?
After initial contact, how long should I address a professor as &quot;Dr. Smith&quot; or &quot;Professor Smith&quot;?
Is there any reason to not make course details public?
Difference between private and public universities as a faculty member?
My supervisor plagiarised my bachelor thesis: what can I do about it?
Is It a Common Practice to Contact the Reviewers?
Non-English literature: should we check for prior work?
Are Mathematics graduate programs open to admitting a student out of high school with graduate work?
How to state that you “rigorified” an existing paper without sounding arrogant or condescending?
Will people think negatively of owning a nice car in grad school?
How long is too long to wait for a rejection because of a lack of reviewers?
Longer PhD with a deeper result vs a shorter PhD with a sufficient result
Will taking a post-doc position harm my future chances in industry?
Personal advantages of being a referee once you quit science?
How to tell my advisor I am leaving the PhD program, when he is the reason I&#39;m leaving?
Is it bad for one&#39;s future career prospects if the PhD thesis topic is broad?
How to motivate students to complete low-point homework?
Why do some papers not have a DOI?
How does one go about doing a Ph.D. in Europe as an American?
Is it ethical to approach a professor asking for a (unadvertised) postdoc position?
Paper rejection based on unfair review
Does becoming good at scientific research force one to become one dimensional?
Is it best to avoid all interactions with disreputable or predatory conferences?
How can I make my research sound exciting?
Things to focus on in a model lesson
Is it okay to ask a professor if he is going to attend a certain conference
How to find credible sources for a general reference?
How to correct a fundamental error in a series of papers made by a colleague of your adviser?
How to decide whether a mistake is sufficiently relevant to publish about it?
Should I write a peer-review in third person?
Is it acceptable to ask a professor who is not your supervisor to provide comments on your thesis draft?
Is it normal to have no publications after 2.5 years in a PhD program?
In which countries are academic salaries published?
What is the etiquette for repeatedly emailing questions to an author whose work I&#39;m building on?
Do mathematics researchers regularly solve problems like the ones from Project Euler?
Should I cite all R packages I used?
When and why should you write numbers less than 10 in words?
How to treat an under-performing coauthor?
What is (S’73-M’76-SM’81-F’87) in author biography?
What are the pros and cons of being a Mathematical Reviews&#39; reviewer?
What is the maximum depth of subchapters one should use in a paper?
Is it considered plagiarism for a professor to use uncited sources in teaching materials?
How to respond to “philosophical” questions that aim to undermine a positions or derail a discussion?
How to prevent calluses from writing on chalkboard?
Do all countries have the same gender segregation in science?
Failing postdoc?
Quantity vs Quality of Publication during PhD
What kind of design freedom can you permit yourself in academic writing?
How do academics find time to write books?
How should I fill the &quot;First name&quot; and &quot;Last name&quot; in an application if I have two given names and two last names?
Are there any downsides to sharing a successful proposal with others?
Professor/supervisor switches from writing emails in his native and local language to English - how to react?
Can I call an assistant professor &quot;Professor&quot;?
Is it plagiarism to paraphrase multiple sections?
Should professors with Chinese names be addressed with surname only or both names?
In the UK is it acceptable for a lecturer/professor to join student societies?
Did you usually solve exercises in a theoretical reference book when doing research?
How can I show local universities that I am someone they will want to hire in a few years?
Why and how do professors go for sabbatical?
Does publishing a book while employed for an academic institution grant legal claim on the royalties?
Usefulness of graduate school extracurriculars
How can I find out which universities allow a sandwich (stapler) PhD thesis?
How many weeks of break (per year) should a graduate student reasonably expect to have?
Subtle (and not-so-subtle) humor in scientific literature
How do you make corrections to a published paper?
Ways to manage something like a &#39;work-life balance&#39;?
How should an educational institute woo good faculty?
How to take advantage of scientific international association membership for career?
How to increase the odds of becoming an invited speaker at science conferences?
In universities, how to team up with your colleagues?
Advantages and disadvantages of doing PhD research at a non-academic lab
Are reviewers allowed to discuss their review with each other?
Is it rude to ask for accommodations due to a learning disability?
What are the trade-offs of working in the office versus elsewhere (as a professor)?
How many applications are usually received for a given PhD position?
Useful software resources for reviewing papers
From whom do I get references when my original advisor leaves academia?
What is the likelihood of getting tenure?
Pros and cons on commenting on public review papers
Good resource/advice on mentoring undergrads
Are pay announcements worth their price to hire people?
How does one issue a call for papers on military history?
Are PhD scholarships and assistantships taxable?
Why are some sources cited twice in a bibliography, once with DOI and once with arXiv?
During an application/interview should an applicant justify leaving a current faculty position (pre-tenure)?
Publishing DOIs instead of traditional references?
What is the average number of articles written per author in a year and has it increased recently?
Are academic book buyers legitimate?
Are books and professional society memberships allowable expenses under US federal grants?
Easy way to see historical trend in keywords in publications?
What do co-supervisors get out of a PhD?
Reproducing figures in blog/SE posts
Military usage of scientific work
How successful are publication agreement addenda?
Is MDPI a reputable Academic Publisher?
Handling credit with advisor
Research statement ideas got used by interviewing committee
How much info should I put in my CV under education
Should I send email to my former supervisor
What should I do if I find two suspiciously similar published articles?
What should someone who has been rejected from all PhD programs do to improve their application for later admissions cycles?
How should I cite something learned second-hand (eg, from Wikipedia) when I haven&#39;t seen the primary source?
Are reviewers supposed to know each others&#39; identity, after the reviewing process is finished?
Will self funding a PhD hurt employment chances?
How to submit &#39;teaching evaluations&#39; for a job application?
What is an academic sabbatical?
Very demanding adviser
How does the acceptance rate affect papers decisions?
How to add citation for a whole paragraph?
How should &#39;van&#39;-names be ordered in a bibliography?
The differences between AMS research journals
How to replicate others&#39; results quickly?
Reproducible research and corporate identity
How much detail to include for an award listed on a CV
Math Professors -- On average, how many hours per week do you think is required to gain tenure?
How tightly enforced are open-access embargoes?
When should I write a thank you letter to the author of a scholarly paper?
Worth attending discipline&#39;s national conference as early grad student if not presenting?
What are your thoughts on epigraphs in theses?
What to say to one PhD offer when still waiting to hear the result of a different and preferred PhD application?
PhD programme without teaching
Should I supply code along with my paper submission?
Advisor&#39;s wife is having a baby, should we be getting him something?
How to deal with &quot;too descriptive&quot; comment in dissertation proposal feedback?
Academic dismissal from PhD program. What next?
Will a graduate student publishing in different disciplines confuse potential employers?
Competition with your advisor?
Why do graduate school application forms ask applicants to name the other schools to which he/she is applying?
How should I start my own private post-doc research project?
Potential Post-Doc supervisor visit: should I give a talk or just have a meeting?
Eagle Scout rank on CV?
Gaps between PhD and employment?
Accepted post-doc and have subsequently received offers for full time faculty position - quandary
Ethics of spending research money on food and meetings
How can I find the original article of an often-plagiarised work?
Is it legal for a university to post a copy of a copyrighted (pay for access) journal article?
How do I convince my professor to keep me as his student?
Hosting a graduate student on a campus visit
Returning to academia after a year in industry
First-year PhD student with weak CV/Resume; how to stand out in fellowship competitions?
What happens if your manuscript is accepted as a filler?
Tattoos in the Workplace
Is it OK for an MSc Student to Review a Scientific Paper?
Does using complex mathematical notation detract the reader from a paper?
Do goofs in a recommendation letter hurt a student applying for grad school?
Am I obliged to share my most promising data?
How to find an arXiv endorser
As a student, how should I ask a professor for an opportunity to do research with them?
Can I ask a postdoc who has closely supervised my research to write me a letter of recommendation?
what do you do if your PhD advisor publishes a solo paper on your topic?
What should I do if I cannot reproduce experimental published results
Name misspelled in first publication
Reviewer asked to move every mathematical proof to appendices for an engineering journal
Is it advisable to have many clickable hyperlinks in an academic CV?
Should you mention previous rejections when resubmitting a paper? What is common practice?
Is it permissible to request a new reviewing editor?
Are extended periods of unpaid leave compatible with an academic career?
Advice wanted concerning students who have had run ins with the law.
Paper with lots of Greek letters
Is it generally worth the time and effort to challenge incorrect exam test items?
Can human subjects be paid using a researcher&#39;s personal funds?
Should one put their Master&#39;s thesis online?
when sharing source code to more than one party, should I notify them that others also were interested
Publishing in the lower quartile journals: better than nothing?
Interpretation of &quot;GRE subject test is required, but your application will be considered anyway&quot;
How can/should I indicate that it&#39;s okay to use open access content in a paper?
Should I challenge the GRE requirement for a doctoral program in education (in the U.S.)?
How to reduce student plagiarism?
What should I do if I don&#39;t know the answer to a question posed by a student?
From whom do prospective grad students get recommendation letters?
A potential PhD supervisor declined to accept me as a student; can I ask a second time?
What are the repercussions of a &quot;vote of no confidence&quot; made by faculty?
Do I need to wait for a journal to &quot;consent&quot; to paper withdrawal before submitting elsewhere?
Word limit for paper after addressing reviewer&#39;s comments
Can a successful grant application be considered a publication in academia?
Should I anglicise foreign names of people/places/organizations in my research?
Do tenured professors work less or more than non-trenured professors?
Is it unprofessional to use graphics from Wikipedia in a poster?
Crippling anxiety when writing &quot;grant applications&quot;
How to deal with coauthors that have left academia
What&#39;s behind the teen prodigies inventing things?
What is a soft-money research position?
How to calibrate the time constraint of an exam for a new course?
How do I express my disapproval of a marking boycott without damaging relationship with academics?
How to say “thank you” to a professor who has written a recommendation letter for me?
Is it cheating to use solutions to identical problems from other universities to do my homework?
If I use most of the references from a thesis but not the exact same sentences, is it plagiarism?
During applications, how can I prove I was the first author of the papers that I couldn&#39;t become first author for various reasons?
What do I do if my results are not ready before a conference?
Protocol for writing a recommendation letter for someone you only know on a personal basis
Clear colormap for figures when printed?
What unforeseen dangers might exist when choosing an open access textbook for a new subject?
How to foster gender diversity as an organizer
Steps for creating a scientific journal
Can an emotional letter of motivation be harmful in a PhD application?
Who Owns the Publishing Rights of my Ph.D. Thesis?
Running out of Algebraic Symbols
How to decide the appropriate level of explanation for math in academic papers?
How to prevent too many students from making appointments to meet with you when you put &quot;Office Hours: ..., or by appointment&quot; on the syllabus?
Are US PhD admission offers binding?
Ethics of not referencing StackExchange in a publication?
Is the status of conference publications in Computer Science really absolutely unique?
Best practices when hosting visiting speaker (especially with the questions part of their talk)
How should I handle students who ask questions that are &quot;beyond the scope of the course&quot; as a TA
How to build bridges between mathematicians, computer scientists and biologists?
As a Ph.D. advisor, how do you feel about taking on students with diagnosed depression or bipolar disorder?
How to refer to an author whose last name can be confused with a pronoun?
Submitting a subset of my work to ArXiv
Balancing coursework, research, and teaching
Changing mailing and e-mail addresses as corresponding author--which to include?
PhD in pure mathematics for a student in computer science
Advisor asking me to work on research not covered by my grant
Does Pop-Science involvement hurt one&#39;s reputation?
How important are teaching portfolios in obtaining an academic position?
How to make a presentation that includes math symbols?
How much guidance should I reasonably expect from an MSc Thesis Supervisor
What types of industry positions favor PhD over a masters?
Historical data for success rate of grant/project applications?
Who determines whether or not a professor receives tenure?
Non competitive grading system
At what point do you decide to jump into research?
How should students approach quals?
Should undergraduate students be included on papers containing data they collected?
Research in &quot;Research Engineering&quot;
Affiliation for a retiree
Ph.D. adviser or Ph.D. advisor?
Who can see a student&#39;s grades?
Motivating students when teaching a widely disliked course
What are the advantages and disadvantages of having multiple advisers?
How to indicate shifting research interests on a CV or a website?
Why don&#39;t professors start companies?
arXiv preprint and final paper differing by sections and appendices
Should writers give credit to reference librarians?
When does one go for an invited paper?
Etiquette for establishing contact with multiple professors for PhD guidance
Research on strategies for student recruitment
Learning/Reviewing New Material Quickly
Tuning the PhD journey for Industry jobs
Having preferred and non-preferred reviewers in journal submissions
When should an author retract their paper as a result of misinterpreted results?
Is it safe to post my CV online?
Should one include irrelevant background on CV after career change?
How to interview a candidate for a university teaching position?
Why is the date left out of some academic papers?
Do high-profile journals edit authors’ figures?
How should one respond to &#39;Call for Paper&#39; e-mails?
Can &quot;Feel free to contact me if you are interested in a copy of any of my publications.&quot; cause legal issues?
Why would one choose a particular advisor, other than having shared interests?
Can I present the results of a paper that is currently under review?
Is it important to list the merits of a research paper?
Should I write a recommendation letter for a student at a previous job/institution?
What systems are most effective for monitoring student attendance?
How to address the person being recommended in a recommendation letter?
Replacing tech reports: can we put good undergrad dissertations in arxiv?
How to skim through Phd Theses
Refer to arxiv version?
Are overlapping dissertations ethically acceptable?
Must a master&#39;s thesis fall within one&#39;s advisor&#39;s area of expertise?
What to do when PhD advisor wants student to work on two disjoint projects?
Master student pursuing PHD: how to spend summer break?
Why should the scientific community avoid double submissions?
Article &quot;communicated by&quot;
How to avoid identifying myself in a review?
What does a PhD Committee do?
Whom to discuss research papers with?
Statement of Purpose in Graduate School Application
Why do many recent open access “mega-journals” only cover biological sciences?
What resources do you use when developing a new course from scratch?
Why do some reviewers mention their decision explicitly?
How to write a white paper for a non-academic?
Is it acceptable to email the authors of a paper for the slides they used while presenting it in the conference?
How to Scale or Curve the Grades for an Examination?
writing a research statement
How much does the impact factor vary from year to year?
Are employments in universities affiliated (or named) with a specific religion restricted to people with the same religion?
Citing/Attaching unpublished papers in a Research Statement/Profile for a faculty job
Graduate school and students with learning disabilities
How to use competitions to encourage students to work harder and study more
How can I invite open comments or reviews of my published papers?
When can I safely use CC-BY license on arXiv?
Is it ethical for an author to cite their own work with themselves as first author when they are not first author?
What are the reasons for journals to have a policy against publishing material available as a preprint?
Path to a good grad school?
How to cite lecture notes? (and should I even do this?)
Should I tell my supervisor that I will consult someone else?
Changing affiliation on publication
Should a undergraduate rely on PhD students to publish papers or do it individually?
Is it okay for a PhD supervisor to claim co-authorship... even if it&#39;s my work, and he didn&#39;t ask?
How to write a Ph.D. thesis Introduction chapter?
Should I simultaneously apply for multiple jobs in different ranks at the same university?
Not being a first author diminishes the contribution of co-authors?
Appropriate response to sexual misconduct &#39;joke&#39; made against an academic
Has anyone heard of the &quot;Central Library of Medicine Foundation&quot;?
How to deal with a procrastinating (student) collaborator?
Why are recommendation letters highly relied upon?
How do I change schools/advisors without making my advisor angry?
Is grad school typically time-intensive?
Is including an own paper in the literature review a bad practice?
Reapplying for a PhD position at another institute after failing the qualifying exam
How should I use a laptop in class without distracting others?
Can I cite an unpublished Master Thesis?
Are spelling issues part of the reviewer&#39;s job?
What do we know about working times of great living scientists?
Is it ethical to seek a PhD program if you suspect you may want only a Masters?
What are the super cool tricks to getting published in high impact journals?
How often is a bad review from the reviewers due to the potential competition with your work?
Is there such a thing called native speaker bias when publishing?
How to get letter of recommendation from current advisor if transferring PhD to another university for family reasons?
Are there opportunities to support cancer research through volunteer IT or software development?
How can I assess the quality of a paper outside my field?
Issues with PhD qualifying exam fairness and transparency; Objective opinions wanted
Do US universities still use imperial units in teaching?
Do Springer, IEEE, Elsevier charge a fee for non-open-access journals?
How to prove receipt/no receipt of work?
I believe my advisor doesn&#39;t think I am smart. How should I deal with this?
In a faculty job search, when and how should I reveal my preferences?
How to explain to my boss where not to publish?
Why did my professor criticize my performance indirectly?
What rate of faculty turnover is healthy?
How much is submission acceptance to high-profile conferences influenced by internal politics?
If I cannot get sufficient recommendation letters, what can I do?
Is it ethical for the postdoc to be listed as a co-author and the corresponding author on all group publications?
Do the author&#39;s name and/or affiliation affect the visibility of a paper?
How to start an academic career after 5-6 years in industry, without an undergraduate degree?
Is my career over if thesis went bad?
Is it normal for math grad students to be required to take summer classes to work?
How much time is usually left for authors to return page proofs? What happens if I am late?
Is a business card necessary for a graduate student?
How to engage in discussion after a presentation on an unfamiliar topic?
Is it a bad idea to express my personal feelings about the subject when writing email to a professor for PhD application?
How important is advisor&#39;s supervision for a Ph.D. student to be an independent researcher?
How can I tell if an honor society is legitimate?
Is being a good teacher a bad thing at a research intensive university?
What skills can I get during a PhD to be competitive on the job market against non-PhD holders?
Variation in drop dates, and effect on student outcomes
How do international PhD students typically obtain health insurance in the United States?
Does translating an article for a magazine require permission from the author?
Is it unwise to repeat portions of a successful grant proposal?
Is it appropriate to ask for letters of recommendation from professor on maternity leave?
How will expulsion for physical abuse and sexual misconduct affect a student&#39;s future educational career?
How much can/should quotes from student evaluations be edited when preparing a teaching statement?
How many papers should I be reviewing as a referee?
How to explain a life as a researcher to friends, family and partners who aren&#39;t?
Is the development of an original/novel method a contribution to knowledge worthy of a PhD?
Will a recommendation letter such as that written for John F. Nash be convincing?
Should I write &quot;we&quot; or &quot;I&quot; in my research statement?
Is a second PhD ever necessary?
Transitioning from pure research to a teaching position
When do you ask a professor if a visitor can sit in on class?
Is it crass to acknowledge a colleague that passed away in my thesis?
Getting a scientific article published with no qualifications to any scientific journal?
Should I dress up for conference banquet/gala dinner?
Is it acceptable to submit more than one papers to a conference?
How often do authors actually perform and publish the work they indicate as the future work they plan to undertake in a publication?
Is it advisable to have a master or PhD thesis topic in mind before entering graduate school?
What are the key components of being an effective supervisor of undergraduate researchers?
Is it legal (USA) and ethical to use international edition textbooks? When I pay for a textbook, where does the money go?
How much duplication is permissible in letters of recommendation?
Parole, criminal history, and graduate admissions
What&#39;s the benefit of delaying a tenure-track position for doing a postdoc (when you already have a tenure-track offer)?
What is the significance of the overview slide in a presentation?
Research on career path after tenure denial?
What is the best way to solicit teaching feedback from students (before the class is over)?
What education does one need to be called &quot;Professor&quot; in the United States of America?
Are there ethical guidelines prohibiting penalties against potential research subjects who have not yet provided consent?
Is there evidence that open source research software produces more uptake of methods?
Should I notify people I mention in the acknowledgements section?
Getting a dump of arXiv metadata
How should one handle peers, competition and other social pressure while studying theoretical CS/Maths?
Professor wants to expropriate submitted code for commercial use
What to do if professor comments on candidate&#39;s age in an admissions interview?
How do people in academia know whether their research, result, theorem or thesis is original work?
Are you allowed to copy text from your Master&#39;s thesis into your PhD thesis?
Is it common for people in academia to experience prolonged lack of sleep and how to deal with it?
One of the coauthors withdraws their authorship after submitting a paper
PhD requires technology - is this something I will have to fund?
Academic salaries at European universities
What are the common productivity measures of a scientist, like h-index?
What is the difference between Ph. D programs with coursework and those without it?
Conference vs Congress vs Symposium vs Meeting
Difference between reference/recommendation
What is the typical time period after which an incoming grad student is expected to start publishing?
Timing an internship during PhD
Should I be truthful about graduate school rejections?
How can a master student get research opportunities?
Does and don&#39;ts when writing a Rebuttal for a Conference
Considerations when negotiating a promotion from postdoc to researcher?
How much do soft skills matter for admission decision?
What is the usual role of a faculty senate? Does it typically have any real power, or is it a rubber-stamp for the administrators?
Scientific hackathons or other intense voluntary bottom-up events
How useful is it to perform a systematic literature review?
What are some guidelines to keep in mind when selecting members of one&#39;s PhD committee?
How do academic position job search committees evaluate potential for intellectual leadership?
Should r&#233;sum&#233;s be attached in a mail to a professor?
How intensive is the process of interviewing people for faculty openings?
Why do Math journals provide you with LaTeX class files and instructions and they also advise you not to spend time typesetting the paper?
Etiquette for seeking collaboration via E-Mail?
Translating/Transliterating foreign bibliography references
Who holds intellectual property rights on a thesis?
Should I respond to emails (resembling spams) asking for my papers?
Conflict declaration in reviews
How to learn how to pronounce and remember names of Chinese students?
Were there changes in approaches to undergraduate education in the 1970s or 1980s?
How to &quot;cultivate&quot; a postdoc position during PhD program?
How do you ask for a raise?
How much of advantage do US citizens have in American academia?
How to find response time for a given journal in engineering?
Acknowledging funding
How to ask someone (outside the department) to be on the thesis committee
Ethics of a journal requiring that submissions cite existing articles in the journal
How to introduce myself briefly in a get together for new faculty members?
Is an emphasis on &quot;novelty&quot; necessary in academic papers?
What is a committee looking for in a dissertation proposal?
Are there any mobile application for conference attendees?
Is it hard to start a PhD programme after leaving to work in industry?
How to review a paper for originality?
How should I credit co-authors of a paper in conference proceedings I prepared myself?
How should a postdoc address senior research staff and faculty members in the USA?
Referee access to a not-yet-public URL cited in a paper?
How to effectively supervise grad student calculus teaching assistants (TAs)?
Is it reasonable to cite published computational results rather than reproduce them yourself?
What to do when you find someone else is working on the same masters research
How should an academic negotiate his/her salary?
Differences in quality between a PhD with graduate course work, and one purely on research?
Sending a paper to a &#39;Letters&#39; journal
Extending a result submitted to a conference before acceptance/rejection notification
What are the long-term advantages of a US PhD compared to Europe/Oceania?
Is there an advantage of branching in version-controlled paper writing?
How to withdraw from an application process in a polite manner?
Internships for PhD students (e.g. in data science or programming)
Is pseudonymous publication ethical?
PhD application asking what other insitution I am applying to, how to answer?
Appropriate to thank examiners?
Do journal editors disallow paper from college X to be reviewed by someone from college X?
How should course content be shared between instructors?
How to handle multiple versions of a paper (e.g. conference and journal version)
Why do citation styles for webpages include accessed date?
To ask for a PostDoc position in the university X, is better to do it by myself or to ask to my supervisor?
How do I get recommendation letters?
Unable to defend and graduate because of advisers fickle mentality
How to formalise the &quot;extra-mile&quot; work done by an academic?
How long does it take for a recruiting process to finish?
How important is a online reputation for academics?
How to physically handle hundreds and hundreds of papers
What proportion of papers submitted to Nature are actually sent for review?
Ownership of the code
When has an unemployed post-doc refereed enough papers to decline another?
How to quote a passage with a punctuation error?
Grading system: Why A-F and not E?
Can I publish a critique of an experiment in a field in which I am not an expert?
Giving back to alma mater
How specialised should research prior to tenure be?
What should be included in a departmental email policy?
What are the benefits for universities/professors to record online courses?
Is the practice of lab members extensively citing each other&#39;s work looked down upon in academia?
Should I add descriptions of courses taught on my CV
Finishing a PhD or quitting and taking a job in industry
Overcoming nerves from anticipating conference questions
Are there any studies on how lecturer review sites such as Rate Your Lecturer affect student choices?
Is it better to have a single-author paper or a joint-authored paper?
When is a good time (during graduate studies) to start thinking about writing the thesis?
Is it plagiarism to copy formulations from others?
Teaching uninterested/under-engaged students in science courses
What if a faculty member is not successful in obtaining the summer salary from a funding agency?
Do Australian academic jobs have similar tenure track policies as USA?
How to convince people of the time required to perform PhD research?
Does a student need official permission to publish an independent research article with university affiliation?
Is it unethical to submit for review multiple articles which overlap in some respect?
Is it bad etiquette to come to office hours that aren&#39;t for your particular class?
What stops an assistant/associate professor with a strong publication record from being promoted?
How to avoid the repetition of &quot;I&quot; while writing a cover letter for an academic job?
Map (tree) of citations/references
MS degree after a PhD in physics
Frustration with lectures
How to write a good PhD literature review?
Not sure if grad school was the right choice
What can a biostatistician do to earn money on the side?
As a reviewer, how much raw data or code should you request?
Time short on thesis defense preperation
Responsibilities of instructors to students when teaching controversial subjects
What do I do when a co-author takes too long to give feedback during the peer review process?
Are hyperlinks allowed in a Statement of Purpose?
A year + for first review, one referee report in, want to withdraw paper
What to do when a thesis adviser refuses to recommend me?
My advisor tried to find my faults and kick me out of the research?
Had the idea vs. did the work: Who should be the lead author?
Why do academics publish?
Do hiring committees strategize?
What to use instead of academic &#39;we&#39; when describing an experiment?
Should I work an the advisor I &quot;click with&quot; or an advisor at a higher-ranked institution?
How to balance academic reputation of PhD supervisor and teaching experience
How to handle not being credited for research software development in papers?
What do I do if I feel there are many things which need to be learnt to do my research?
Recommendation letter from a research adviser who is expelled from the university
Is it normal to submit an abstract to a conference when the research is NOT completed?
Why is college tuition high, but academic salaries low?
Licence that converts to GPL after publication but is copyrighted prior to publication
Non-EU PhD title in Germany
Is it possible to make leaving a PhD look good on a CV / Resume?
Keeping credit for my work
Are single author publications given more weight in math hiring?
Are papers entirely unrelated to my field going to hurt my chances in the future?
Evaluating and negotiating a start-up package
Pros and cons of (co-)authoring a reference book in early career?
Color space for papers: CMYK or RGB?
Good questions for post-class survey
American universities - where does all the money go?
How to approach potential advisor who&#39;s going on sabbatical?
What time of day should I schedule my thesis defense?
What is a &quot;graduate school&quot;?
What can I do if I am constantly invited as a reviewer, but don&#39;t have the time?
Should I put my supervisor as coauthor of a paper?
Signed up for conference, having second thoughts
Is it formal to inform readers that a point will be discussed later in the chapter?
H-1B Visa Sponsorship by Universities
Is open-plan office for academia at all?
Is there a university that has only graduate programs?
How to get an advisor to finish their part of a publication when they have not done anything on it for over a year?
How to write a teaching statement without any classroom teaching experience?
A question in the future research section - is it considered appropriate to write a paper on it?
Grant from private company - conflict of interest
What should I do if I have an idea but can&#39;t work on it immediately?
Why are external PhDs considered to take &quot;decades&quot;?
Acknowledging a single funding source: do I say &quot;partially supported&quot;?
Is there an optimum time to leave between writing and self-proofreading?
How can I prove my self-studied knowledge?
Techniques to &quot;digest&quot; large amounts of textual data (academic papers, books, etc)
Why do national laboratory presentations contain so much info per slide?
Why do graduate student contracts state &quot;RAs shall work no more than 20 hours per week?&quot;
What should you do when your supervisor is ill?
Are postdoc salaries in the USA adjusted for cost of living?
Should I apply to tenure-track positions if I&#39;m fairly certain I won&#39;t be staying?
Am I likely to be perceived as less successful if I start as an assistant professor at age 40?
How do you choose a textbook for a new class
How should I describe my country&#39;s volatile situation in a letter for a scholarship application?
How do some Ws on transcripts affect PhD admissions in mathematics?
What type of workplace accommodations are departments required to make for a mentally unhealthy faculty member?
Is there any value in self-publishing a book as an academic?
Who owns the intellectual property for work you do on weekends?
Should a speaker attend a conference where he/she is required to pay their own registration fee?
How to tell supervisor too many lengthy meetings are hurting your productivity?
Does a supervisor have right to submit paper without consents of coauthor students?
What is a non-tenure-track assistant professor position in the USA and is it harmful?
Why do some universities not allow dissertations to be publicly available?
Are references with indication of page number uncommon in computer science?
What is the relationship between impact factor and journal ranking
Should you always use appropriate letter conventions when emailing a teacher?
Is it fair to punish absent students with a one-question exam?
Submitted to arXiv with a different title. How to make Google understand this is the same paper?
Having caused a lab accident, how to mend my relationships with fellow students?
How to overcome feeling that published articles lack public interest?
Administrative recognition of frequently-cited unpublished manuscripts
What are the benefits of a poster award?
What has the effect of publishing salaries been?
As a postdoc, how to make sure I get credit for helping undergrad and grad students?
Getting secondary citations right
Mentioning that my paper extends my project X: compatible with double-blind review?
Will I be paid a percentage of the fee that readers pay to download my article?
Dealing with adversarial grant committee members in interviews
How do I get back into Mathematics after graduating with BSc 14 years ago?
Will I be considered as a very rude person if I call my teacher to check an urgent email
What are positive and negative outcomes of requiring Ph.D. students to take a pedagogy course?
How to become a journal editor?
What is the most cited paper of all time?
How to respond to an unofficial PhD offer?
How to handle pressure from collaborators when life circumstances make it impossible to get work done?
What does &quot;qualify for a more competitive rate&quot; mean when booking flights for academic travel?
Ramifications of withdrawing publication offer (question from student editor)?
Quitting after 5 years - miserable and depressed
Math paper with no &quot;Conclusions&quot;
Is there anywhere I can find reliable reviews of popular textbooks?
Strategies for reviewing a paper that has non-English references
&quot;I am looking for a job&quot; on a student website, a good thing or a desperate sentence?
I want to leave my tenure track position before fall. I have great prospects but no new position &quot;locked up&quot;: when should I break the news?
How to teach my students to appreciate all fields of study?
How much should I worry about British spelling when submitting to a U.K. journal?
How do I specify I do not want to perform a specific type of research on my CV?
Is there an international taxonomy of academic titles/ranks?
What are some practices for getting a name change so that people can find me more easily?
Can teaching help one&#39;s studies?
What should be included when inquiring about the status of my application?
What does it mean when a paper is copyrighted by an organization?
Can I pursue a PhD while working as an Instructor/Lecturer?
How to present in lecture a paper that students have read (or should I not have them read it)?
Do letters of recommendation typically include a biography of the writer?
Are there any good job directories for academic work?
Why do so few universities offer OpenCourseWare videos of their lessons?
How will this departmental restructuring plan affect students and faculty?
At what point in the writing process should one contact an academic book publisher?
How to show interest in a candidate when no positions are available?
What steps could universities take to reduce Ph.D. drop-outs?
Are European schools experiencing the same cost raise as American schools?
What are some good practices for applying to the NSF Graduate Research Fellowship Program?
How do professors usually discover &quot;new&quot; research interests?
When meeting a professor for the first time, is it always a good idea to ask about their research interests?
What are the pros and cons of submitting same paper to more than one open repository?
Teaching Loads by Field at Research Universities
Does one need a specific field in mind to apply a PhD program in mathematics?
What is the difference between research intensive vs. research extensive universities?
How does the US National Science Foundation (NSF) research funding system work?
What are useful tips and tricks for collaborating remotely?
Incompatibility with the PhD advisor
How can one carry out a &quot;Russian style&quot; seminar?
Can I use contractions in my thesis?
How to mark/cite text that you only translated?
Will a good GRE Computer Science subject test score overcome a &quot;weak&quot; academic record?
Does disability impact on prospects of employment in academia?
Is reuse of &quot;internal&quot; results considered self-plagiarism if used in a later publication?
Can I use my blog posts for an academic publication?
Book recommendations for information visualization?
Should one update a manuscript to current state-of-art when re-submitting?
Is seeking co-advising encouraged during Ph.D?
How do the completion of online courses impact a Master&#39;s application?
How to get the most out of a period in another university during PhD?
Is there a network map of subjects and how they connect with each other?
How to interview a faculty candidate?
PhD without a Master&#39;s degree… does it hurt?
Is it necessary to obtain permissions for copying figures from published articles in your proposal/dissertation?
How much do figures need to differ to avoid copyright claims?
Balancing between finishing past projects and working on current ones
From blog posts to research papers; successful cases?
How important is age in CS PhD admissions?
Would it be okay to provide a template when asking reference?
In the absence of strong references, on which things should I focus so that I can gain access to a PhD program?
Publishing an &#39;ok paper&#39; to arxiv
I am preparing the presentation of a co-authored research, who owns the copyright?
Substantial update of an arXiv paper
Student and advisor applying to same job - conflict of interest with recommendation letter
Where in a thesis should a glossary be positioned?
Choosing your research area
Guidelines for changing terminology introduced by self?
Open Lab Notebook in early postdoc career, advantages vs disadvantages
How to build research paper based on a unpublished paper?
How do you get started organizing a class?
Are there Conference Proceedings that have impact factor?
What does it mean by a &quot;research university&quot;?
Do I need to send e-mail to follow up a PhD interview day?
What to do when your research interest changes to a new topic half way into your PHD?
Does timing of emails matter?
Can I hand out students a few pages from books as supplementary materials?
How do I get published in Nature or Science?
What is the advantage of becoming a full professor if you already have tenure as an associate professor?
Not enough guidance from advisor
How to decline answering details about my thesis?
Has it ever happened that one paper&#39;s findings were contradicted by another?
How many research interests should be included in a statement of purpose/objective
Sources of information about postdoctoral/PhD grants and funding
Are Shared Office Common for Lecturers
Request for high res figures: what should I be mindful of?
What is the optimal number of times one should meet one&#39;s PhD. advisor?
Would transferring to a better school in the middle of a graduate program irreparably hurt my professional connections and academic reputation?
Academic freedom and unpopular or offensive views
Is it necessary to show what improvements you have made to similar work in literature reviews section?
Favoring citations in the same journal
Will lack of teaching experience be a major hindrance for a faculty position?
Is it a bad idea to send an article under review as a writing sample? (faculty job application)
Do graduate school admissions appreciate individual &quot;free time&quot; study?
A comprehensive question about personal statement
Splitting publication fees among coauthors
Interpretation of a PhD degree in a very broad, interdisciplinary field
How to Remain Competitive at a Mediocre University?
Can a university claim patent rights for inventions performed on my own time?
What are my duties regarding reporting plagiarism when reviewing a fellow graduate student&#39;s paper?
Using first person or third person in papers?
What are effective strategies to work through &#39;drafting fatigue&#39;?
Which email address to use in a publication?
How to address a professor in letter?
What is the etiquette for CCing faculty in eMails?
What is the real benefit of tenured positions for universities?
Is it normal to feel impatient in lectures when a lecturer explains material that could be obtained from textbooks?
What to include for a strong research statement?
Strategies for dealing/interacting with a colleague who have suffered from academic burnout
Is it appropriate to include additional materials in an academic job application?
Do textbook publishers really offer ethically questionable inducements to professors to adopt or retain their book?
How do you know if a PhD is for you?
Who is to decide the main idea(s) of research in a PhD Proposal, the student or his/her supervisor?
Will I be allowed to reapply for a mathematics NSF postdoc next year after declining one this year?
Presenting the publications of a research group online
How to check and correct editorial changes to a manuscript post-acceptance?
Should my citation graph be acyclic?
Should I mention a &quot;math depression&quot; I went through in my letter of motivation?
Author&#39;s email address in a published paper is not working
Is pregnancy a valid explanation of a weak academic performance?
How prestigious is a Fulbright scholarship
How can women improve their chances to get postdoc positions in computer science?
Is it appropriate to request letters of recommendation from professors a second time?
How to measure entropy of exam results
Assume an undergrad has something worth publishing: how might (s)he get it published?
Retrieving the references in a publication automatically
Online tool for receiving student files
How do you manage to work on multiple research projects?
Should I include journalistic articles in my CV?
How do I ask the author of a book in English if I can translate it into my native language?
Plagiarism and the ArXiv (or other preprint servers)
Are the methods used in math-based teaching (including physics, engineering, etc.) substantially different from those used in other areas?
Can a student seek redress for the administration neglecting their paperwork?
How to make a one-year study plan for a difficult exam and remain motivated throughout?
Can I submit published articles to arXiv as well?
Is it more difficult to score a Tenure Track position in the US when applying from outside?
If I have an academic dismissal from a school should I ever go back there?
I have found an error in a textbook. What can I do about it?
Design of &quot;Members Page&quot; for Academic Lab Website?
Submitting paper when leaving academia?
Why do some Elsevier journals use a single column format?
Is it common for doctoral dissertations from for-profit schools to be unavailable?
When should you publish code on GitHub? Work-in-progress or after publication?
Should previous final exams be released to students?
Why do people organize summer schools?
Are itemized lists discouraged in scientific papers?
What should I do if my advisor insists on being first author, in violation of my field&#39;s conventions?
How to decide between sending paper to a specialized journal or to a journal with broader audience?
How to make academic life bearable under stressing circumstances?
Sending manuscript to a journal that rejected an earlier paper
Ethics of conducting research on a class
Is it appropriate to send a gift to a professor for an online course?
Is it appropriate to ask an author for an English translation of a paper?
Can graphics created with Wolfram Mathematica be freely used and distributed?
PhD: what happens if I quit?
What changes should be notated in a journal resubmission?
Comparative quality of articles in questionable journals
Who should pursue a Ph.D degree?
Postdoc position: should I stay for one year or two years?
I found out that I have plagiarism in my published journal papers, what should I do now?
Academic affiliation on papers written while between jobs
Is there prestige to be had by posting to arXiv?
Credit with helping to write a PhD thesis
How can I find the first researcher who wrote about a specific subject
What do the Dutch academic titles &quot;prof.dr.dr.h.c.ir.&quot; mean?
What to wear for a PhD/ MSc thesis defense?
How to address a knighted academic?
I have noticed GPA calculation &quot;bug&quot; in our University, what should I do?
Exact results found, but not reported
How to demonstrate excellent undergraduate and graduate teaching capabilities in academic position applications?
What&#39;s a novel way to say &quot;all errors are my own&quot;?
How can a professor who has signed The &quot;Cost of Knowledge&quot; pledge review papers without having to recant?
Maximum number of citations per sentence?
Can you get a tenure-track position in philosophy with a J.D.?
sound reasons for excluding a reviewer
The Ethics of Preparing for a Course Long Before Actually Taking it
White paper justifying the publication of a survey paper
Should I post a response to reviewers online?
When is it prudent to argue against a suggested revision to a journal paper?
How much time should one spend refereeing a paper?
Arranging a visit to a professor you do not know yet
Is it bad to ask the editor about the status of a submission on seeing that referees&#39; reports were submitted a week ago?
What should I do if I&#39;ve enrolled in a badly organized course?
Do any scientific publishers have a stated commitment to authors regarding copyright infringement?
Should we put the references in slides/poster when we already have them in paper?
Can frequent messages to an editor about the status of a paper under review be a cause for rejection?
Are postdoctoral scholars considered students or researchers in other countries?
How do you deal with extremely timid/shy students in small classes?
Is my plan for sticking with my incompetent advisor reasonable?
What do you do when your best friend cheats and has become top 10 in class of 250?
How commonly do researchers spend a long time (&gt;10) years on soft money?
Multiple submission of same work for different audiences
As a student, should I offer alternative ways of understanding a point in lectures?
Is it inappropriate for an author to copy and paste from his/her original paper in an extension paper?
Effective open-ended student evaluation questions
Should I cite every study that supports my point?
How were people able to graduate with a PhD at a such young age in the past?
I submitted my own code on someone elses account
Has anyone failed coursework requirement and got terminated from PhD program?
Parts of thesis draft published without proper credit
How is publishing in JoVe (a &quot;video journal&quot;) perceived?
How do I stop feeling unwelcome in my department?
Will it hurt you to leave a tenure track position (for another) after one year?
Is it acceptable to ask someone for help revising your paper?
What percentage of a professor&#39;s salary is paid for by tution?
Can a paper be rejected because another paper (by someone else) based on its arXiv preprint extends the result?
Checking/Ticking all the fields on a recommendation letter as &quot;Exceptional&quot;
Must bibliography entries match the original title&#39;s German orthography?
How does one figure out which journals to submit a paper to?
I didn&#39;t acknowledge someone who helped with my thesis, is there anything I can or should do now?
Frequency of appointments with Ph.D. supervisor
How can I balance teaching computer-assisted skills and risks of cheating at exams?
Customary to offer a fellow academic a chance to rebut criticism in a paper?
Is there something I need to do on arxiv if I lose academic affiliation
How has the application review process for NSF graduate fellowships changed?
Breaking an axis - is it ever a good idea?
What should I do as a teaching assistant when I find cheating behavior from actual grading?
I am a student of high potential but not great on paper, how should I go about transferring to a university more at my level?
Feedback for a student showing improvement
How to address a professor that makes offensive comments (that they don&#39;t realize are offensive)?
Rejecting a PhD offer after having accepted it. Advice?
When should I publish in interdisciplinary versus subject-specific scientific journals?
Should cheating be expected to be more common in Universities in India, and if so, how could any provided credentials be evaluated for authenticity?
Proof for seemingly obvious statements in thesis?
Mandatory army service in the middle of PhD, will it be possible to finish PhD under these conditions?
What kind of Visa is required to work in Academia in Japan?
Obstacles in job hunting for US citizens in non-US nations
Usefulness of prior industry experience before entering grad school?
How to recruit a PhD student without a strong connection to teaching?
What are some good writing tablets for taking notes that are heavy on math/physics?
How to fruitfully utilize faculty-student orientation sessions at institutes you don&#39;t want to attend?
What happens to the reviews that people write for journal articles after they&#39;re sent back to the author?
Do professors benefit from undergraduate research?
How do you join programme committees for conferences?
Business School professors - how different are they?
Travel grants for International students in the US?
1 or 2 Year Master&#39;s Program
&quot;Challenging&quot; Teaching Experiences for Math Grad Students?
What is a fair metric for assessing the citation impact of journals across disciplines?
What do principal investigators (PIs) look for in prospective post docs?
Updating a preprint when it is under review
Tips for engineering students applying math in their research
Should I include publications where I am a &quot;team member&quot; in my CV
When should conferences precirculate papers?
I have an &quot;integrated masters&quot; degree. How can I eventually gain a PhD?
Does one get academic credit towards a degree for open online courses?
Good practices with lab wikis?
If somebody wants tenure (or a research position), should they have hobbies totally unrelated to their work?
Is it OK to present a URL using a link shortening service?
Citing (or not) a flawed or incomprehensible paper or preprint
Being quoted for an incorrect statement
Email etiquette for requesting a meeting with a professor who one won&#39;t do research with or take a class from?
Etiquette and guidelines for sending pre-published work to other people?
Chances of getting R&amp;D job in industry after PhD in AI/Robotics
How does a PhD student make meaningful comments or suggestions regarding a professor&#39;s work?
What are the elements of an effective elevator pitch?
How to manage the web presence of a research group
How much information should I divulge about on-going unpublished research at a conference?
How does a faculty member get to work at two universities or more?
Are NSF RUI proposals evaluated separately or are they evaluated against the general pool for that program/division/directorate?
Etiquette for an initial meeting with a prospective advisor: What is expected of the student?
How to search for USA PhD Studentships?
Can I include the completion of Udacity and Coursera classes I have attended in an academic CV?
Tips for faculty members seeking administrative responsibilities
Advice - MS in mathematics to increase competitiveness for PhD programs?
Relative or Absolute evaluation for academic positions?
API, EULA, and scraping for Google Scholar
How (un)usual is changing fields?
Determining common knowledge in an unfamiliar field
When should one opt for a one-year master&#39;s program in the US?
Is there any disadvantage to having PhD skipping M.Sc.?
When someone says a paper is published &quot;in Nature&quot;, does that mean it&#39;s published in *Nature*?
How to create PDF of slides with audio?
What do I have to do in preparation for applying for a PhD?
Should my references be famous if I want to get into top schools for PhD?
How big of an advantage are publications for Applied Mathematics grad school applications?
How to cite conference contribution that appears later in a Journal Supplement
When and how do I start writing a conference paper?
Are there academic reasons to only use journal articles and books when writing?
From academic collaboration to research contract, best practices
How to approach principal investigators for internship/job positions
Is it accepted to cite an entire issue of a journal?
What does this mean, &quot;We recommend that you consider submission to an alternative venue&quot;?
Letters of recommendation: what information to give to a recommender
Is publishing a graduation requirement in many master&#39;s programs?
Should I talk to my advisor regarding undergrad advising workload?
Where and how to search for research problems?
Informing my supervisor of discrepancy in the results
Is it advisable to mention the dollar amount for grants on a CV?
How to choose to which conference submit a scientific paper?
How to cope with the change from easy undergrad. to difficult masters?
Indirect expenses due to attending conferences
What does one do the summer between graduation and graduate school?
Will a paper in A help PhD application in B?
Is checking the format of a paper an expected part of the reviewing process?
Statistics on readership and posting habits for academic blogs
When changing fields from undergrad to PhD, which department should recommendation letters come from?
Transition from PhD to postdoc with an intent to change field
How to quickly get complete list of citations to all my papers?
What to do with a paper with references but no citations?
Need help and advice concerning how to apply and look for grad schools
Graduate math student migrating to engineering?
Whether to use Dr or Prof when addressing oneself in an email?
Proper way of refering to yourself, according to graduate level
Position and prominence of &#39;Acknowledgements&#39; in a publication
Importance of GPA and GRE scores for grad school admissions
What is the minimum contribution expected from an M.Sc. thesis?
Finding a research group where I can work remotely?
How important is the publication venue for academic hiring and grant applications?
can we earn money through a research publication?
As someone with low grades how can I prepare myself to study MSc in CS in USA?
How do I sign my papers?
List dollar amount of small grants on C.V.?
Why do universities support faculty writing textbooks?
Negotiating with journal publishers about intellectual property of the paper?
What to do when emails to a potential advisor are not replied?
Can i work as a freelance researcher?
Where does the title Dr come from for PhD?
Can I ask for payment if my employer wants to use my dissertation?
How to hire editor to improve my paper
in which language should I write my first draft a paper?
Ethics of publishing received peer reviews
What qualifies as a research publication?
Will getting rejected from a graduate school affect my relationships with the faculty members at that school?
Balancing between students who do homework and those who do not
What is the perception of students who take a gap year between their graduation and starting graduate school?
Should one keep record of papers one reviews? (and of the reviews themselves)
Why do some universities not have a comprehensive exam?
Publish an article in the journal in which one is an associate editor
Why is there such variation in PhD length internationally?
How to effectively use blogging as a tool to gain visibility in academia
How are PhDs from foreign universities percieved in the US?
Is it ok to ask a potential PhD advisor for more information about their future grants?
Should I list talks on my CV given by co-authors?
Who writes Nature’s “News &amp; Views”?
Citing low quality papers (solutions) in surveys?
NSF graduate fellowship: how specific should the statement of purpose be?
Is it considered okay to ask for the opinions of admission staff or committee after their decision of declination?
Does helping a PhD student with proofreading violate school policy in general?
Low-quality paper or no paper - which is better for an undergraduate in PhD admission?
Is copyediting good for an academic career?
When would be a good time to ask a professor if he will consider being my PhD advisor?
Do sample solutions increase student &#39;productivity&#39;?
How does a graduate student judge if one is slacking off?
Criminal record and work on federally funded project
Code in journal papers
Some questions about math postdoc offers
What exactly does one do in a PhD?
Paper Title, Is it better to start with a verb?
Hourly rates for industry consulting?
Re-typesetting an old paper, what to do with the result?
How to acknowledge ideas/clue/discussions on StackExchange?
Is it possible to receive private tutoring for graduate-level courses from faculty members?
Are there examples of highly cited papers that very poorly written?
Is consistency in citation style important?
What is the PhD application process for Germany and Switzerland?
I have been invited to peer review a manuscript for a reputable journal. This is my first so I have a few questions to the more experienced
Publishing figures: Serif or Sans-serif fonts?
Are there usually consequences for attempted duplicate publication?
Is there a preferred method of citing Kindle books when no fixed page numbers are available?
Is there any way to find Donald Knuth&#39;s undergrad/master&#39;s thesis?
mentioning my country situation in motivation letter to demonstrate dedication for learning
Gift to a supportive professor?
What happens to equipment purchased using a startup package after an academic leaves the university?
How much can you trust a reference of a paper that is not available
How to proceed when advisor asks you to resign?
How to find less-competitive faculty positions in the US universities?
Is it wrong to impose a challenging time constraint on exams?
Applying and interviewing for a faculty position without intent of accepting position
What to put in &quot;affiliation&quot; field when submitting paper without affiliation?
Is it true that corporations influence the conclusions of research studies or papers?
Authorship of PI and/or other advisor on independent work?
Hard data on students using W&#39;s to enhance their GPAs?
Retake the math GRE... as a grad student, preparing to transfer?
Am I morally obliged to report what I judge as self-plagiarism?
Should I tell my advisor that I have an autism spectrum disorder?
Can I get a letter of recommendation from a professor who didn&#39;t teach me BUT I did research with?
Being the right kind of demanding as a college instructor
Can one get a faculty position by posting CV on job websites?
Are there any aspects of PhD work that do not translate well to distance learning?
PhD student leaving current program for reasons of safety. Recommendations for what to do next in terms of schools and catching up?
Are there any available studies on the effectiveness of &quot;learning by teaching&quot;?
How can I find a PhD position to work on a highly specific idea of my own?
Why do admissions committees consider the Statement of Purpose to be important?
Crowdfunding a PhD
I found another proof of my theorem. Can I present two different proofs in the paper?
How much salary can I expect as a physics post doc in the Netherlands?
How do people who are not active in the academic community write papers? Is it possible?
What to do when you discover computational errors and mistakes in your accepted paper at the proof stage?
Academic Hiring Process and Practices for Junior Professors in Germany
Overlapping sentences in methodology descriptions in separate journal articles - plagiarism?
What action to take when questions regarding a published paper are ignored by its author?
Should I provide an opinion on a graduate school candidate without being asked by the candidate?
What is facultyawards.org?
What to do after accidentally submitting to a &quot;fake&quot; conference?
Is it possible to get an assistant professor position that does not require doing research?
Are reviewers chosen from among the editorial board of a journal?
What are my obligations towards my adviser after the defense, revisions, and all forms signing is done?
How to come up with research questions that are well-defined and suitable in scope and relatedness for a thesis?
Plagiarism-checker to prevent self-plagiarism
Can someone change PhD supervisor without changing research direction?
Are spelling and/or grammar mistakes a cause for submitting Errata?
Can a dean expel a doctoral student without a trial?
Is it OK to contact someone who is on my suggested reviewers list to discuss something unrelated?
How to improve myself as a recitation (discussion,lab,tutorial) teacher?
Splitting a relatively long paper into two shorter papers
Some advices regarding the first research paper
What incentives do professors have to increase the PhD completion rate in their department?
Undergraduate research in mathematics
Is it usual to use endowed chairs to support deans&#39; administrative duties, rather than faculty&#39;s academic work?
Why do many instructors avoid giving personal introductions?
What is the appropriate length and specificity for a teaching statement?
How can I tailor my faculty application to maximize my chances at a liberal arts college?
When can a person be called a PhD ABD?
How to discuss job search with your advisor when your career plans differ from what your advisor wants you to do?
Trauma affected my grades while in undergrad, how will it affect me getting into graduate school?
Is there any general consensus that either Elsevier or Springer is viewed as more prestigious for publishing in engineering?
Is there any problem with giving lots of extra credit?
Is it a good idea to submit a recommendation letter from a friend who is doing PhD at the university I am going to apply?
Can images with a &quot;noncommercial use only&quot; licence be used in teaching and academic presentations?
How do Professors feel about writing recommendation letter?
Is there any software to regularize British vs. American spelling in a text?
In what situations would it be appropriate to include one&#39;s photograph in a CV?
I attended an Olympiad for student and failed. How should I write this down on my CV?
What to do if most of the students did badly in the 1st midterm?
Can (and should) an editor referee a paper he&#39;s in charge of?
What is the weight on the applicant&#39;s personality for tenure?
What is reasonable expenditure on meals during a conference?
Will my results still be publishable if I used ethically objectionable techniques in my research
Is it appropriate to give university lecturers Christmas cards?
How does time off for a serious illness affect funding and duration of PhD?
Should I start my CV by telling about myself?
Are there known cases of leaks in academia?
Can a single bad letter of recommendation ruin my chances of getting admitted to grad school?
How many &quot;office hours&quot; are common (or standard) for full-time lecturers?
How should I stay in professional contact with former supervisors and/or colleagues?
Is it acceptable to keep extending medical leave to prolong insurance coverage, when one has no intent of returning?
How to best approach literature with low informational content for good retention
Suggestions for working effectively with international students from a non-western culture
What&#39;s in a &#39;vita&#39;?
Do contemporary publications cite more sources? Why?
Is it appropriate for a PhD student to write reference for a PhD applicant?
What are the main factors that mean Humanities PhDs get published as books?
Is feeling lonely and uncomfortable in my (foreign) country of study a valid reason to drop out of a PhD?
Is it possible to earn a PhD in mathematics with emphasis in teaching?
What incentives do professors have to serve on dissertation committees?
Have researchers any incentive to publish negative or confirmatory results?
Is there any evidence that students are more likely to watch a video over reading homework?
Is it reasonable to submit a paper to a journal that I have uploaded to the Arxiv 4 years ago?
Would most PhD supervisors stop working with a student who was unproductive due to clinical depression?
Should I revise and resubmit?
What should I do if a professor says she doesn&#39;t understand my questions in office hours?
Should I give a copy of my thesis to those professors that supported me?
How to cope with feelings of powerlessness on a PhD?
How should I approach the editor if I have been omitted from the author list of a paper I contributed to?
What are some effective ways for someone without a graduate degree to increase their chances of getting hired as a lecturer?
How are DOIs managed for ongoing time-series?
Humanities - taking a year off between PhD completion and academic job
Interviewing at nth choice school after being accepted to first choice school
How do I know if I am truly prepared for graduate school in mathematics?
Is copying equations plagiarism?
If a reference is applying for the same position, are they obligated to inform you?
Should I review for a new journal whose publisher is unjustifiably listed in Beall&#39;s list of predatory publishers?
Let the second author to go to the conference instead of the first author who also wants to go
So what happened to Episciences?
English certifications: which ones are recognized overseas?
Teaching Assistantships and research
Online resources for summer schools in software engineering?
How are the personal assistants for professors usually funded?
What are some good practices when asking people to share their PowerPoint presentations from a conference/talk?
Is it worth to switch from Bibsonomy to Mendeley?
How to choose the most worthwhile research papers to define my thesis?
Is there generally a high amount of variability in the number of hours grad students put to work each week?
Deferring admission to a computer science graduate program
As a teaching assistant, how important are student evaluations?
Can American students do research in Europe with only a bachelor&#39;s degree?
Career advise - Getting a Math PhD admit in a good program with computer engineering background
When is it appropriate for a post-doc/grad student to be the senior author?
Four papers accepted for publication however not published due to some monetary issues?
How can I get the rights to my final year project?
Can graduate students be forced to leave graduate school under pressure from their advisers?
Suggestions for high school student who is visiting a professor for HS research?
Can students ask for changing grades?
Approximate deadlines for Phd. Admission in US
If someone provided you with data does he become a co-author?
What to do if undergraduate research has stalled for a long time?
Why is Paper Publishing and getting a patent completely unrelated?
Publishing paper using an open-source software
How can I get the DOI of a paper from its title?
At what age do professors stop taking new students?
How much tweaking of figure design (not content) can I postpone until the final figures are requested?
When do you stop reading books cover to cover?
On giving gifts to LOR writers
Which bibliometrics index to trust more?
Making time to catch up with people at a conference
How hard is it to get an academic position in Australia/New Zealand with a PhD from the US?
Dismissed by my committee
Is research experience in a different field relevant for PhD application?
Does ScholarOne really force you to have multiple logins?
What information should I include in a letter of support for a grant?
Web Service to fetch article citations
How do professors change research interests?
Work in an area or work on problems?
What are the responsibilities of a Program vs. General Conference Chair?
Ref. request : book or survey about conducting experimental studies
Till what point do you do exercises while studying?
Crediting sources one has found citations from
How to write good Response Letters for the reviewers
Someone cited my paper in an irrelevant manner
What is a good length for the statement of purpose in a U.S. PhD application?
Advisor getting married, should grad students chip in for gift?
Deadline for reference letters
How to prepare and what is discussed with professors at a PhD interview session? US application
