A manga about a body switch between an unpopular girl and a popular girl
Who are the 3 Homunculi that are with Irisviel and Saber?
What is a Grail vessel?
Where was Shinji Matou during Fate/Zero?
Sage mode for slugs
Does Goku become the dragon itself at the end of Dragon Ball GT?
Is Naruto related to Hashirama Senju?
Is there a season two of Diabolik Lovers?
Can Anpanman die if he loses his entire head?
What anime is this meme made from?
Why does Midousuji always say &quot;Gross!&quot;?
Are some translated anime needlessly subbed twice?
Anime where Females are numerous to males
Did Kakashi eventually surpass Itachi, Jiraiya, Tsunade, and Orochimaru?
What is the symbolism of Labyrinth in Grisaia no Meikyuu?
An anime or manga about several guys fight using superpower swords
Why does Alluka only have the strength of a normal child?
Why there are many scenes in anime that take place on the roof?
Who is it that killed Zephyr&#39;s crew and then became a warlord?
Where does the anime Hajime no Ippo: Rising leave off in the manga?
Why did the Einzberns make Illya a master?
How can one tell Nappa has become a Super Saiyan?
Weren&#39;t the 1st and 2nd Hokage sealed forever?
Need help finding this rather old manga about a teenage boy who lives in an island and is taken to a parallel dimension
Did Mirai Kuriyama really rebuild her body, or what really happened to it?
Is there any anime with an overweight female protagonist?
Is there any anime about carrom or in which carrom is played?
Death note handwriting check
Space mecha anime in which younger girl is a pilot and older brother goes evil
Why don&#39;t Saiyans age?
What kinds of activities can be found in a Manga/Anime Club?
What&#39;s the secret behind Eren&#39;s key?
What are Trebol&#39;s powers?
What were the Einzberns planning to do once Kiritsugu won the war?
Is there any manga or anime related to mathematics?
Does someone know the name of this yaoi manga?
What are the differences between FMA (2003), FMAB and FMA manga?
Who is the woman in the opening cutscene of Tales of the Abyss 3DS version?
What is the song Muse performs on the rooftop of A-rise&#39;s school?
Why the popularity of German?
What is this yaoi manga where the seme worked at a kindergarten and the children loved the uke?
A romance anime with a scene of a blue haired girl leaving a kiss mark on the screen in the OP
Which manga is this picture of a kissing couple in a locker room from?
How much of Teekyuu is actually about Tennis or the Tennis club?
Who is this anime character walking down glass stairs?
Space anime from 80s/early 90s, with a distinct ship design and female pilots
Is it explained how Arietta never knew the real Ion had died?
When was the Wolkenritter summoned?
Why can Ryoma beat adults in the US tournaments but have trouble with high schoolers?
What was Eren&#39;s vision about?
Anime with a disease stricken woman and her lover who ventures out to find a cure
Does anyone know why Gamble Fish stopped serializing?
Why did reanimated Itachi lose eye vision after using Izanami?
Why are most people in anime white or European-looking (instead of Japanese)?
An animation featuring two chibis wearing tiger and dragon costumes duking it out
How did Naruto land the finishing Rasengan on Pain?
A manga about a dream/nightmare consultant who goes into dreams and fights. He has an imp-like appearance and smokes a pipe
A manga about a black-haired protagonist who goes on a long journey to research recipes and ingredients, accompanied by an old man and a young boy
Were the other trainers from Pallet town ever revealed?
Trying to find an old anime movie similar to Appleseed
I am looking for a Manga about a gay couple in space
Title of film with girl who ends up bonding with a giant robot and saves everyone
What exactly happens to a Titan&#39;s body after it is killed?
What&#39;s the difference between Tobi&#39;s transportation jutsu and the teleportation jutsu used by the Fourth Hokage?
How does the substitution jutsu work?
About Face and the demons of Tartaros
What manga is this picture from?
Is &quot;A re yo u o ver the re&quot; a kind of hypnosis?
What is this manga in which the King of Hell escapes Hell with his cat and becomes a high school student?
What&#39;s this music in &quot;World of Ice&quot;?
Looking for an AMV
What anime is this guy with a paper bag on his head from?
What&#39;s the deal with Gowther&#39;s concealed identity?
The Chuunibyou crew wants to do what to &quot;this world&quot;, exactly?
What is the current serialization status of D.Gray-Man?
What is this OVA based on a manga about a girl claiming to be a servant of a male student in her past life?
A oneshot romance manga which revolves around a poem
Why Did Anko get so fat?
Who exactly are featured on the walls of Maria, Rose &amp; Sina?
An anime movie for 16.5
What is the context of this reference to Chrollo Lucilfer in Inou Battle manga chapter 1?
How did Koro-sensei prevent the Moon from falling onto the Earth?
Need help remembering an RPG-like anime set in a medieval/middle ages atmosphere
An anime where the main character pulls out a sword sealed in a shrine in a cave and uses it to fight evil
What anime is gif of a girl being stabbed and thrown off the platform from?
Where did the shining eye trope come from?
How is King Bradley&#39;s sword so sharp?
Does Natsu have an known actual age?
What is the significance of the name Bleach?
Who is this twintail blonde girl? And which anime is she from?
Where does the shroom on the head come from?
What is this anime about a church orphan who had to testify against his fat friend?
Who is Julius Kingsley?
What&#39;s this magical anime with a non-magical protagonist?
If the anime came first, what is considered &quot;canon&quot;?
What is this strange flying fish creature?
What animes or trends in anime was Evangelion a response to?
What anime is this gif of a girl kissing a boy wearing a headband from?
Is Monkey D. Luffy named after Sun Wukong?
Why are the episodes named after literary works?
A manga about a body switch between an unpopular girl and a popular girl
Who are the 3 Homunculi that are with Irisviel and Saber?
What is a Grail vessel?
Where was Shinji Matou during Fate/Zero?
Sage mode for slugs
Does Goku become the dragon itself at the end of Dragon Ball GT?
Is Naruto related to Hashirama Senju?
Is there a season two of Diabolik Lovers?
Can Anpanman die if he loses his entire head?
What anime is this meme made from?
Why does Midousuji always say &quot;Gross!&quot;?
Are some translated anime needlessly subbed twice?
Anime where Females are numerous to males
Did Kakashi eventually surpass Itachi, Jiraiya, Tsunade, and Orochimaru?
What is the symbolism of Labyrinth in Grisaia no Meikyuu?
An anime or manga about several guys fight using superpower swords
Why does Alluka only have the strength of a normal child?
Why there are many scenes in anime that take place on the roof?
Who is it that killed Zephyr&#39;s crew and then became a warlord?
Where does the anime Hajime no Ippo: Rising leave off in the manga?
Why did the Einzberns make Illya a master?
How can one tell Nappa has become a Super Saiyan?
Weren&#39;t the 1st and 2nd Hokage sealed forever?
Need help finding this rather old manga about a teenage boy who lives in an island and is taken to a parallel dimension
Did Mirai Kuriyama really rebuild her body, or what really happened to it?
Is there any anime with an overweight female protagonist?
Is there any anime about carrom or in which carrom is played?
Death note handwriting check
Space mecha anime in which younger girl is a pilot and older brother goes evil
Why don&#39;t Saiyans age?
What kinds of activities can be found in a Manga/Anime Club?
What&#39;s the secret behind Eren&#39;s key?
What are Trebol&#39;s powers?
What were the Einzberns planning to do once Kiritsugu won the war?
Is there any manga or anime related to mathematics?
Does someone know the name of this yaoi manga?
What are the differences between FMA (2003), FMAB and FMA manga?
Who is the woman in the opening cutscene of Tales of the Abyss 3DS version?
What is the song Muse performs on the rooftop of A-rise&#39;s school?
Why the popularity of German?
What is this yaoi manga where the seme worked at a kindergarten and the children loved the uke?
A romance anime with a scene of a blue haired girl leaving a kiss mark on the screen in the OP
Which manga is this picture of a kissing couple in a locker room from?
How much of Teekyuu is actually about Tennis or the Tennis club?
Who is this anime character walking down glass stairs?
Space anime from 80s/early 90s, with a distinct ship design and female pilots
Is it explained how Arietta never knew the real Ion had died?
When was the Wolkenritter summoned?
Why can Ryoma beat adults in the US tournaments but have trouble with high schoolers?
What was Eren&#39;s vision about?
Anime with a disease stricken woman and her lover who ventures out to find a cure
Does anyone know why Gamble Fish stopped serializing?
Why did reanimated Itachi lose eye vision after using Izanami?
Why are most people in anime white or European-looking (instead of Japanese)?
An animation featuring two chibis wearing tiger and dragon costumes duking it out
How did Naruto land the finishing Rasengan on Pain?
A manga about a dream/nightmare consultant who goes into dreams and fights. He has an imp-like appearance and smokes a pipe
A manga about a black-haired protagonist who goes on a long journey to research recipes and ingredients, accompanied by an old man and a young boy
Were the other trainers from Pallet town ever revealed?
Trying to find an old anime movie similar to Appleseed
I am looking for a Manga about a gay couple in space
Title of film with girl who ends up bonding with a giant robot and saves everyone
What exactly happens to a Titan&#39;s body after it is killed?
What&#39;s the difference between Tobi&#39;s transportation jutsu and the teleportation jutsu used by the Fourth Hokage?
How does the substitution jutsu work?
About Face and the demons of Tartaros
What manga is this picture from?
Is &quot;A re yo u o ver the re&quot; a kind of hypnosis?
What is this manga in which the King of Hell escapes Hell with his cat and becomes a high school student?
What&#39;s this music in &quot;World of Ice&quot;?
Looking for an AMV
What anime is this guy with a paper bag on his head from?
What&#39;s the deal with Gowther&#39;s concealed identity?
The Chuunibyou crew wants to do what to &quot;this world&quot;, exactly?
What is the current serialization status of D.Gray-Man?
What is this OVA based on a manga about a girl claiming to be a servant of a male student in her past life?
A oneshot romance manga which revolves around a poem
Why Did Anko get so fat?
Who exactly are featured on the walls of Maria, Rose &amp; Sina?
An anime movie for 16.5
What is the context of this reference to Chrollo Lucilfer in Inou Battle manga chapter 1?
How did Koro-sensei prevent the Moon from falling onto the Earth?
Need help remembering an RPG-like anime set in a medieval/middle ages atmosphere
An anime where the main character pulls out a sword sealed in a shrine in a cave and uses it to fight evil
What anime is gif of a girl being stabbed and thrown off the platform from?
Where did the shining eye trope come from?
How is King Bradley&#39;s sword so sharp?
Does Natsu have an known actual age?
What is the significance of the name Bleach?
Who is this twintail blonde girl? And which anime is she from?
Where does the shroom on the head come from?
What is this anime about a church orphan who had to testify against his fat friend?
Who is Julius Kingsley?
What&#39;s this magical anime with a non-magical protagonist?
If the anime came first, what is considered &quot;canon&quot;?
What is this strange flying fish creature?
What animes or trends in anime was Evangelion a response to?
What anime is this gif of a girl kissing a boy wearing a headband from?
Is Monkey D. Luffy named after Sun Wukong?
Why are the episodes named after literary works?
Who was Makarov in Edolas?
A manga about a boy who lives in a village in the desert and a mysterious man who falls from the sky
Old manga with a clan whose members have a black pearl except the main character whose pearl is different
How recent is the snaggletooth trope?
What anime is this picture of a red-eyed white-haired white-skinned girl from?
What was the source of inspiration behind the character Sasuke in Naruto?
What is the name of the anime thusly described?
Anime that has to do with magic cubes
Why did the Hunter x Hunter anime stop in episode 148?
How important are those hand seals really?
Why is Shanks a Yonko?
Gintoki&#39;s example: Shy school girl becomes slutty after mysterious summer holiday
How much of the Natsume&#39;s Book of Friends manga was adapted into the anime?
Anime about boy who can accelerate objects; also meets girl with wooden katana
What anime is this picture of eight guys from?
Do people still travel to and from Vers after Heaven&#39;s Fall?
Identify this episode of Naruto (miniaturized characters)
Will 07 Ghost get a second season?
Why didn&#39;t the titans wipe out humanity yet?
Do anime tend to lose money?
Shoujo manga or regular manga about a love story between a girl and a baseball player
Why does Yukio Okumura sacrifice Rin?
what is the title of this anime?
Can wizards/magic users possess more than one type of magic?
What anime is this flash loop about the eating order of different kinds of meat from?
Should one read/watch Triangle Heart before diving into the Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha series?
What&#39;s this manga with two people in an argument?
How does the work relation between Shichibukai and the World Government?
What do servants expect will happen at the end of the Holy Grail war?
Is Ginko&#39;s death a foregone conclusion (in the Mushishi storyline)
Why didn&#39;t Cell teleport to Earth after his death?
Things that boost different bender skills
Is chuunibyou syndrome real?
Why is there an extreme amount of censoring in Jojo (Stardust Crusaders) on Crunchyroll?
Are floors 76-100 still untouched?
Is there any reason why the race takes place on Roboworld?
Why does Ban call Hawk &quot;Master?&quot;
How does the travel works in One Piece universe?
Can we roughly determine the dates and duration of Otonashi&#39;s stay in the Afterlife World?
Name the hentai - brown haired boy with glasses - transformation
What are the names of these 3 songs in episode 16 of Nanatsu no Taizai/The Seven Deadly Sins?
What happened to Goku&#39;s &quot;Dragon Balls&quot;?
Was Blackbeard strong before eating the Yami Yami no Mi?
Can women be Makai Knights?
Story about a huge baby that destroys everything, name end with &quot;boy&quot;
Anime movie about a monster with a helmet-like head that could extend and suck a victim dry
Why does Shanks already have his scar at the beginning of One Piece?
Who is the guy on the left in this collage poster? And which anime is he from?
Does Naruto have Earth as chakra nature?
What is the difference between an OVA and an OAV?
When does The Last: Naruto the Movie take place within Naruto Shippuden anime series and Naruto manga?
Is there any connection between Otonashi and the first NPC?
How can they tell the difference between NPCs and humans?
Can Crunchyroll&#39;s translations (subtitles, dubs, manga) be considered official translations?
Why was the Shinobi War started?
What ruleset is used for the Prefecture and National tournaments?
Who is Hanazawa Hanako?
A shoujo manga which starts with a girl picking up and returning something a guy drops without realizing that it is a condom
How does navigation work in One Piece universe?
What does &#39;Akame ga Kill&#39; mean and why is it called that?
Why was Natsu called a pervert?
Can the skills shown in Kuroko no Basuke be achieved in real life?
What if a non-devil fruit user ate an inherently powerful devil fruit?
What are Shouko&#39;s real intentions towards Raishin?
Why are butterflies not affected by the Black Iron Sickness?
What was the first anime to have a &quot;please notice me senpai&quot; moment?
Help identifying anime with a young caligrapher and a fantasy world
How can one overcome the power of Geass?
Searching an Anime with modern city clan fighting
Are Logia types over powered?
What happened to Kaneki at the end of Tokyo Ghoul&#39;s second season?
Why was One Piece white washed?
What technique did Minato use to separate the Kyuubi into two parts?
How come Naruto&#39;s Chakra responds to Wood Elements?
Does (Taju) Kage Bushin no Justu return the user his Chakra after he undoes this jutsu?
Is there any humor or meaning to the conversation about Yuri&#39;s dream and how many Hinatas there were?
What are the Tailed Beasts (Bijuu) actually made of?
What exactly is Madara implying about the Sage of Six Paths?
A recent manga about a girl who is hired to look after a guy with lightning abilities whose grandmother runs a school full of rich kids
A shoujo oneshot about a girl who loves her adopted brother?
A comedy children&#39;s anime with a dragon who has a regulator on his stomach
Why was Sakurai Takahiro recast in Psycho-Pass 2?
Anime on a princess...can&#39;t remember the name!
Why did Tokyo Ghoul √A completely deviate from the manga?
Differences between anime and manga versions of Magi: The Labyrinth of Magic
Why are some hissatsu techniques in Inazuma Eleven never used again?
What if...? #Nico Robin
A smutty manga about a stoic high school girl doing sadistic things to a short, child-looking guy who works at an adult toy shop
What happens at the end of CLANNAD: After Story?
In Deadman Wonderland, is the Red Man is supposed to be Ganta&#39;s childhood hero, Ace Man?
Why is Saber wearing a white wedding dress and why was she posed like that?
Who is this girl with long light brown hair wearing sailor school uniform with red collar?
Anime movie with robot-like creatures on an island
How does the barrier taunt work?
What is the difference between the ending in the anime and in The End of Evangelion?
What do we know about Yune&#39;s father?
In Fullmetal Alchemist, what does a State Alchemist&#39;s pocket watch do?
can someone help me find this anime?
Which anime is this image of a woman tempting a man with her bosom from?
What manga is this image of one guy saying &quot;Can I be your friend&quot; to the other guy from?
A manhwa (or manga) where the main antagonist is the protagonist&#39;s future self
In the first episode of Hataraku Maou-sama, what is the &quot;Underworld&quot; language based on?
What happened to Yui&#39;s Heart when Kirito wiped out his Inventory?
Why didn&#39;t Asuna die in real life when she died in the game?
Looking for manga apps which filter out mature content
Why does Kirito end up in the forest when he first enters Alfheim?
Are there real life counterparts to the characters in the anime?
In which episode does this picture from the opening of K-ON! appear?
How rare is it to find an anime script from the late 1990s for purchase?
A manga with a manatee-like creature which turns into a power suit on the person it swallows
What does it mean to be a poster child of type B blood?
What&#39;s the significance of revealing a character&#39;s blood type?
Who is this green guy?
Why is gold important to Amestris&#39; economy?
Which manga is it where a boy turns into a dragon-like creature?
A manga about a boy who is asked to work as a host
How did Karen Senki&#39;s sister&#39;s spirit get fused to Karen?
In Episode 9 of Steins;Gate, why did Feris&#39;s message affect the past?
Why do the racoons in pompoko have such large genitalia?
Rinnegan vs Rinne-Sharingan
What&#39;s the meaning of the numbers at the end of the episode?
The Kamisama Hajimemashita anime covers the manga up to what chapter?
What is the sword and dog in this image from?
How did Edward manage to defeat Father?
What is the name of the song played during the scene where Asuna is buffing the party underwater in SAO Extra Edition?
What are the names of the characters in Gurren Lagann derived from? And how do they relate to the characters?
Why does Naruto use his mother&#39;s last name?
Has Naruto ended yet?
How did Caster find Saber?
Where is the translation of &quot;Dona Dona&quot; from?
What manga is this image from?
Please Identify this character from a figurine
What type of Sage mode does Hashirama enter?
What is the viewing order of Fate-related works?
Is it physically possible to turn a mahjong tile white with a super grip?
Why did Cell and Frieza keep their bodies after they died?
Could Kana really tell Shinichi&#39;s Migi apart from the other Parasytes, or was she just delusional?
What specific event was the forking point between the two storylines?
What happened to the Dragons?
Is Nadia voluntarily inspired by Castle in the Sky?
Does the Uchiha:Senju DNA ratio matter in awakening the Rinnegan?
What was this gang fighting manga?
In One Piece, does the devil fruit reappear after the user dies?
Can Sasuke use Tsukuyomi?
Why do many characters tend to have crazy hair colors and styles?
Anime series about with a small robot with 5 transformations and a guy with a dagger/sword
Why is it that some shikigami are like Wanzer from Front Mission?
What are the differences between the Akame Ga Kill! manga and anime?
A novel where the main character is reborn and killed right after birth 26 times due to his silver hair
A romance anime where the male protagonist slowly get interested in the female protagonist, who can smell the seasons
What is the theme music when Androids 17 and 18 are activated?
Was there an animation mistake between 3:17 and 4:19 in the second episode?
What do we know about Shirou&#39;s ancestors?
When did the trend of doing a Title Drop on the last episode started, and what is the reason of doing it?
When or in what part did Milly Ashford (the school president) admit that she has feelings for Lelouch?
How does the Grail choose the participants?
What happens if one dies in Soul Society?
Who are &quot;Those Guys from Season 4?&quot;
An anime in which the main antagonist takes a dip in the lava to recharge when he runs out of energy
Does Sugar remember who she had turned into a toy?
Why did Bleach anime stop airing? And did Bleach manga also end its serialization?
A manga about Princess of Light who was killed by Princess of Darkness and reincarnated as a young girl in a warrior clan
Why are there songs in OSTs and music albums that don&#39;t appear in the anime?
Why did Naruto and Sasuke hit Tobi with Rasenshuriken directly?
Has Naruto ever killed anyone?
What is Crocodile&#39;s secret?
What exactly happened when a person passed on?
What is the name of a Cartoon Network anime whose second season plot was based on time travel?
Is there any canonical evidence that the winged being curses were really lifted?
What is Nina doing?
What is this anime series where a boy had the soul of his best friend&#39;s father?
Is the golden armor (Garo) the only one that must be passed from ancestor to descendant?
Does Kamisama Kiss pass the Bechdel test?
Need help finding this anime fast about a girl in debt
I can&#39;t find the name of this anime with a witch whose only weakness was bleeding
What happened to Naruto&#39;s Six Paths Sage Mode?
What&#39;s the name of the background music which starts at 37:31 in episode 1 of Fate/stay night UBW (2014)?
Anime about a girl on the verge of death who dreamed of becoming a singer and made a deal with two death angels to realize her dream
What is this bluish &quot;9&quot; thing and why is it embedded in Juna&#39;s and Susano-Oh&#39;s forehead?
Why do we generally see only one person per type of magic?
Who is this person in Naruto Ch. 678 (spoiler)?
Why can&#39;t Nagato revert his Rinnegan to Sharingan?
Where to watch One Piece from?
What anime features robot armor and reference to &quot;Dell Power&quot;
What manga was about a 17yo boy who went away from home town to go to college and then he had first time sexual encounters?
Why isn&#39;t Gildarts one of the Ten Wizard Saints?
Where did Cobra get his psycho-gun?
In SAO 2 did Asuna break up with Kirito?
An anime about a black-haired boy fighting evil forces alongside a group of &quot;heroes&quot;, similar to Power Rangers
What anime is this picture of a boy and three onee-san type girls from?
What anime are these two characters wearing red blazer and kemonomimi from?
What are all the marriages and child relationships following the final chapter?
What exactly was Tatsuya afraid that Mizuki could discover with her sensitive eyes?
Is there any anime series of Dragon Ball after Dragon Ball GT?
How/when was Aladdin captured?
When was the Day of Severance?
Manga about a girl transported into futuristic world
Why have they been delaying Kizumonogatari for so long?
Anime about powers being obtained through computer
What do the parenthesized numbers in the [color] Scenes mean?
Aren&#39;t players required to choose a subclass?
What is the title of this psychological thriller anime?
Why do drama CDs and anime series of the same franchise use different voice actors sometimes?
Who voiced the old man of Rol village in Slayers Revolution episode 6?
What is this anime which started with a boy and his sister riding on a train to another dimension to search for their scientist parents?
Is Fullmetal Alchemist based on Nazi Germany?
What does this (possibly Japanese) graffiti say?
Anime about a girl found by the lead character in the ruins in the sky who attracted a monster to a village inhabited by spirits
Is Tale of Fairy Ice Trail Considered Canon?
A manga about a girl who works in a flower shop, lover has private beach house and gives her his earring
Exactly when did Madara come back to life after his defeat against Hashirama?
Anime involving astronauts training underwater
How are Death Billiards and Death Parade related?
Do we know which side is heaven/hell?
What is this anime where people manifest special powers from element-based auras?
A manga about an emotive android fighter girl with black hair
How did the Sage of the Six Paths obtain his Rinnegan?
What is this anime with two girls fighting atop rising towers?
An anime in 1998 - 2002 about a group of girls fought against monsters to save a prince who was locked in a space satellite/castle
An anime about MMO with a glasses wearing protagonist
Please help identify this anime or OVA from 14 years ago about magic
How was Zetsu able to identify the Asura and Indra transmigrants over the years?
Do seniority relations among the fleet girls have any basis in properties of the actual ships?
Who was this girl by Lucy in special episode 10.5?
An anime with mobile suits and pilot is linked to the suit itself
A shoujo anime about a girl who exorcise demons with the help of 3 guys
Who is Onihime talking about in this scene? Is it a 4th wall joke?
Why is Hoshimiya Kate&#39;s Seifuku Jikan weak against Tobacco?
What sickness did the alliance chief have?
In the final phase of the Hunter Exam, why does Killua act the way he does?
Name of 80s or 90s anime about a girl who exploded and teleported
Where to watch all episodes of One Piece?
Manga identification
Which anime is this gif of an enraged brown-haired boy punching a blonde-haired boy to a pulp from?
Korean manhwa about a guy who cannot fight, but ends up winning every fight he is in
Why did Mikako send Ikaros from the sky?
What were Alluka&#39;s first three wishes from Killua (after reunion)?
How could Nunnaly see Lelouch&#39;s memories?
Is this Erza&#39;s new armor in the new chapter of the Fairy Tail manga?
An anime where a male character brings back some seeds and implants it on the wrist of his daughter
When did Naruto learn how to generate a Rasengan unassisted?
What powers did Gol D. Roger possess?
Questions about the signal flags used in the animated film &quot;From Up On Poppy Hill&quot;
Does Nyu have Vectors?
Why did Vegeta never reach Super Saiyajin 3?
Why does Goku wear a different Gi in DBGT?
A manga about a girl from a high class family who tries to get back her position of family successor from a guy
What determines if someone going to Heaven or Hell?
Why is blood pink in Danganronpa?
Is Jiggly Jiggly Heaven a reference to an existing series?
What happened to Migi in the last episode?
An obscure movie featuring a mysterious amphibious monster
Why was it that Light&#39;s father could see Light&#39;s lifespan, while Mikami couldn&#39;t see it (which allowed him to deduce that Light was Kira)?
An anime about two clans fighting, and the princess of one of the clans can stop ninjutsu by looking at her opponent in their eyes
Roronoa Zoro&#39;s boasts
An anime of a boy with a girl robot which can transform into motorcycle
Who is this female character from the 2005 series?
What is the purpose of characters shouting the name of their attack?
Island society that hunts huge whale-like creatures
How does Haki work?
Why is Tokyo Ghoul&#39;s second season called √A?
At the end of the manga &quot;Sundome&quot;, what happens to Kurumi Sahana?
What is the meaning behind Mana Ryougi&#39;s name?
What is Cyua singing at the beginning of &quot;AL℃-@&quot;?
An obscure anime about brown-haired boy with hand power who competes in some sort of tournament
Why does connecting an automail hurt?
Why does Shanks sacrifice his arm to save Luffy?
What would have happened if Dende could have made new Dragon Balls?
Which promised girl is Raku referring to?
What anime is this animated gif of a girl whose one eye is a blue ball of energy from?
Anime set in the future where naturally born and artifically created humans coexist
Manga about showbiz/boy band
Does Layla have some sort of connection to the X777 event?
Where does Pica&#39;s body go when he uses his fruit?
What are the differences between Studio Ghibli&#39;s film adaptation and the original manga of &quot;From Up On Poppy Hill&quot;?
Did Lucy ever recover her consciousness?
How does Shiro get into the Deadman Wonderland?
I need help trying to find what anime show a screen shot is from
What is this anime with a green haired protagonist with multiple blue stones in form of a number &quot;9&quot; on his chest?
Where is this image of a girl in a black top kissing a boy from?
Which anime is this kiss from?
Please help me find a mecha-horror anime in which a cat turns in to a demon
Why did Kurama keep helping Naruto?
Does the theme song いのちの名前 / &quot;Inochi no Namae&quot; have any meaningful connection to the story of Spirited Away?
anime from the 80s or 90s
Why does the Aburame clan cover their eyes?
An anime about a girl who is interested in aircraft competition
Why can Naruto still use Rasenshuriken?
Was Broly able to transform into Super Saiyan 4 in Dragon Ball Z?
Why did Arren kill his father?
Does Sidonia no Kishi&#39;s 256 frame formation have scientific advantages?
An anime in the early 2000s which shows the main character waking up under a tree with amnesia in the first episode
What is the origin of the &quot;Hidden&quot; event in Fairy Tail?
Was Mirajane born with Satan Soul?
Are all the Initiators/Cursed Children 10 years old? Were there none born after that?
Can shape corrosion of an Initiator&#39;s body be reversed, or only contained?
Why did Madara have Rinnegan before activating it and nobody noticed?
Who has the highest official Dragon Ball Z power level?
What MMOs influence Sword Art Online and Log Horizon?
Was Chiisana Obake Acchi, Kocchi, Socchi ever released in English?
Why do the Human-looking Youkai obscure their eyes?
Haki against Jewelry Bonney
Where can I find (digitized version if possible) an old film called &quot;The World of The Talisman&quot;?
A yaoi manga about a boy living with uncle (or brother?), and the story has another character who changes hairstyles daily
Anime with a boy wearing a sun-shaped crown
Manga where the main protagonists cat&#39;s possessed by a guy who lost his body?
Who is the most powerful in Dragon Ball?
In which anime or manga was there a man who admired a fast killing sword technique but was mistaken
What manga is this picture from?
What was Myucel&#39;s favorite manga in Outbreak Company?
How did humans learn how to kill titans?
What is the gender of Armin in Shingeki no Kyojin?
Do normal titans have humans in them as well?
What is this manga with &quot;saint&quot; in the title, involving 7 deities?
Manga involving trees having ability to kill people
What is the simplified art style called that is often used when a character is emotional?
Manga about a guy who can see shadows over people&#39;s head after an accident
An anime series about a little ghost girl who kept blowing glass to remake the gift from her father which got broken when she died
What is the formal term for energy in Dragon Ball Z?
An anime about a female character who fought demons with small needles
Is Ditto a Failed Mew Clone?
What is the song from Naruto Shippuden episode 48 - Bonds at 3:10?
Help me find this yaoi pls
How old is Sugar?
Extent of Dragon Balls power
What series was Tomoko talking about?
Why do Aria and Suzu always play the drum and whistle?
What DBZ fight lasted a whole season?
Looking for anime/OVA with 2 boys, one with fire power, the other with ice. Yaoi undertones
Is there a explanation for Natsu&#39;s motion sickness?
Besides the mecha, space and aldnoah technology displayed in the show, how technologically advanced is Vers compared to 2014&#39; real world Earth?
Has there a woman Sanji did not get attracted to?
Can a person do the shinigami eye deal without losing half of his lifespan?
Looking for old anime with twin brothers fighting their evil wizard father
Trying to identify an Anime from the 1970&#39;s
Does the anime adaptation of Absolute Duo deviate much from the light novel?
Are gym masters easy to beat?
Anime with a prince and a servant chased by zombies who meet an immortal woman
From where did the concept of multiple endings originate?
What is this detective manga?
What is this bubble thing next to Marco&#39;s face?
Why is Nakuru Narumi so dark skinned?
How did Saber become more linked to lions than dragons?
How can digimon come into real world?
Are we ever going to be introduced to Ryou&#39;s downstairs neighbor?
What is the meaning of &quot;Cross&quot; in the title Cross Ange?
What happened to Kim Soon-Lee?
Why did the Bleach manga disappear from online readers?
Kirito&#39;s light-saber versus bullets
In the Berserk anime, what was Guts&#39;s interpretation of Casca&#39;s &quot;woman issue&quot; in episode 11?
How does Kirito come back to life when he&#39;s fighting Heathcliff?
What is the significance of the rescue of Nagate and Shizuka by 256 Guardians?
Is the extra person always someone related to class 3-3?
A yaoi manga about a rich guy whose lover left him
In which episode of the anime did Aokiji (Kuzan) and Akaino (Sakazuki) fight?
Question about a &quot;Lucky Bastard Fever&quot; Ep in a shin chan episode
How do they decide if a tank is eliminated or not?
Why didn&#39;t Light just kill the Task Force?
What&#39;s this picture of a smiling character with blue eyes and light hair from?
What substance Tachikawa Yuko used on the Shimada Hideo&#39;s parasyte in the art club?
What is this manga about a boy with special eyes recruited by 3 girls to hunt murderers?
Why did Rem die in The Last Name?
What anime features a skit with an anthropomorphic bear that always steals panties and gets caught?
How did Asuna and Kirito survive?
Why is Akame the center of attention?
Why is Aomine so dark-skinned?
What is Sakamoto doing holding those rods?
What happened to Yuki and Inaho&#39;s parents?
What is this anime from the &#39;00s with a female mecha pilot with blonde hair?
Why does Charmander die if his flame goes out?
Why wasn&#39;t Naruto able to sense Black Zetsu?
Anime about a little girl who lives in a cabin by herself in the middle of the forest/woods
Is the location of &quot;A Bridge to the Starry Skies - Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi&quot; a real place?
Can I increase my lifespan by killing myself using the Death Note?
Explain the ending of Darker than Black season 2?
Explain about Ergo Proxy and Proxy one and their relation with Monard Proxy
What is the relation between Ergo Proxy and Vincent Law?
What&#39;s the music played during the final battle of Tokyo Ghoul √A episode 4?
Check and circle marks in test papers
What&#39;s the name of the music played during the final battle of Tokyo Ghoul √A episode 9?
Manga about a purple-haired girl kidnapped by pirates
Is no one looking for Kaneki?
What are metaphysicals, and where do they come from?
What is Alluka&#39;s (Nanika&#39;s) gender?
What are the 9 mountains and 8 seas?
Did Saori also have feelings for Kyousuke?
Could Okabe have saved Mayuri in the alpha world line?
What is the name of the background music before the performance?
Where is this gif of a girl turning into stone(?) and breaking apart from
What&#39;s this vocal piece in the beginning of episode 18?
Ending of Bloody Monday season 3
How old were Naruto and Hinata when they had their children?
Is the anime Junketsu no Maria depicting Christian god as a brutal and merciless god?
Why didn&#39;t Masashi Miyamoto take Taira&#39;s chip after cutting his fingers?
What are the anime censorship laws in the United States?
I can&#39;t remember the name of this Korean manga
Anime about young dead people roaming the earth and being hunted by monsters
Mecha shounen children-friendly anime about kids&#39; minds stuck in a data world
Is Marika the only one unaware of her father&#39;s true fate?
Do the lyrics of Madoka Magica&#39;s two movie OPs foreshadow Rebellion&#39;s ending?
What&#39;s the meaning behind all the chairs in Madoka&#39;s room?
Is the weird transition after the fight between Ichigo and Grimmjow deliberate?
please help me find the name of an anime from the early 2000s!
A deep and wonderful anime movie from 25 years ago in which people become red birds when they die
A &#39;80s/&#39;90s anime movie with epic scene of a dam breaking and flooding a town. The main character&#39;s love interest is killed
Why does Orochimaru helps Sasuke in the midst of war?
What is this anime in which the main characters train to stop Satan and they all wear weird suits?
An anime that follows a boy and his little brother
What manga is this picture of a girl hugging a guy&#39;s arm on a stairway from?
Anime show set in a destroyed city in a war zone I viewed on cable network
Why does Rebecca&#39;s breasts appear polished/shiny?
Why does the Japanese version of Mushrambo/Shinzo start at episode 2?
What&#39;s this manhwa with two students running through the rain?
A manga about three high school students joining a survival game in which the players are provided with some skill or weapon
Why doesn&#39;t Donflamingo control Luffy?
Manga about a gang of swindlers which gets in trouble with yakuza
What is the soundtrack playing in One Piece when god Usopp is held up by the giant?
A manga about a guy who practices some kind of martial arts in an abandoned hospital and leaves holes in the ground
What is &quot;Project Tsuki-no-Me&quot; exactly?
Why is everyone affected by Infinite Tsukuyomi?
Can only men pass on the will of D.?
What is a biodroid in Ghost in the Shell?
Where are these characters coming from?
Anime that I watched was gory, giant mecha, and had dogs turning into monsters in one episode
Can&#39;t remember the name of this romance anime
Why are not all Exceeds able to transform into an anthropoid (humanlike) form?
Which episodes of One Piece are filler?
Why didn&#39;t Utena get involved in the council&#39;s duels sooner?
At the beginning of episode 10, why is Yumoto so happy he got a cold for the first time in his life?
Why did Akihiko Kayaba make death permanent in Sword Art Online?
Are people aware of who Naruto&#39;s parents are?
Why did Guts have sex with an Apostle? Was he aware she was an Apostle?
What music was Kaori &quot;playing&quot; in the roof of the hospital in episode 21?
Who is this character and what manga does it belong to?
How do mangaka draw the white lines in a black and white manga?
Why didn&#39;t the Arashiyama team just deactivate and reactivate their triggers during ep 15?
What is Mikage&#39;s status (in the spirit/god world) after he passes the Tochigami Crest to Nanami? Is he still a god?
Where is this image of a guy in a suit drinking from a bottle of wine from?
Why is Kuga Yuma&#39;s C-rank uniform black? Every single other C-rank wears white
Does the Rinnegan have different ablities depending on the user?
Why did the Mushishi anime air in a different order compared to the manga?
Why doesn&#39;t Naruto possess any of his clan&#39;s specific jutsu?
Where does the &quot;Lyrical&quot; part come from?
What should I know if I am to watch Fafner Exodus without watching the prequel series and movie?
looking for the name of an manga
Where did Dark and Krad come from?
What is the relationship between the male and female character?
Are the 3 idiots in the Recruitment arc the same ones in the beginning of the series?
Can&#39;t remember an old anime that a protagonist has this jelly monster sitting on his shoulder
Did anybody feel Gon&#39;s Nen?
Is Mei Misaki dead?
Anime with some dude bound
What happens if too much is given during a transmutation?
looking for an old manga with kidnapped boy
What was the point of blocking the robot outbreak using Kill-Ballad?
Where does Hamelin&#39;s Pig Theme come from?
Why do some Anime have Loli Teachers?
So what exactly was his &quot;lie&quot; in april?
From which anime is this animated GIF?
What is the song used in Akame ga Kill during the Budou vs Mine fight?
Anime with some dude bound and gagged
Manga where a guy, whose girlfriend passed away/dumped him, is left to take care of a little girl and starts getting too attached
Which episodes of Fairy Tail season 2 are anime-exclusive?
Which episodes of Fairy Tail are anime-exclusive?
Which countries watch the most anime
How did Ki-ja the Hakuryuu (the White Dragon) get this scar?
Manga about a blonde girl who carries a hoe
A manga about a body switch between a girl and a boy
What are the differences between the Totoro releases?
Name of a football manga
What anime is this picture from?
Why didn&#39;t Ashitaka return to his village after his curse was lifted?
What language does Feitan speak when activating Pain Packer?
What is the title of this manga about seven top students in a very prestigious school?
Does anyone know what manga that follows a girl who gets a gift from her childhood love this is?
Manga centered around a boy who lives alone because his father lives abroad
Why is class 3-3 still open?
What is the name of this anime/cartoon similar to Kaijudo?
What is the significance of the lottery box in Yuru Yuri Nachuyachumi! OVA? And why are some of the words crossed out?
Searching for mech anime from Cartoon Network before 2010
Are all Norma female (as of episode 04)?
A romance manga about a girl going deaf in her right ear
It is a manga and it centers around a fighting high school on an island
Why does Tetsuo say &quot;I am Tetsuo&quot; at the end of Akira?
What manga is Mur Mur reading?
Why didn&#39;t the Eight Tails&#39; horns grow back?
Identification: Masked kids playing hide and seek in an industrial city
Anime with animals from amulets
How did they put Shiryu in his cage?
How does one become a Jounin?
How were the walls in Attack on Titan built?
How is Embyro &quot;Thousands&quot; of years old, if the destruction of old earth happened only 534 years ago?
Does Knights of Sidonia have anything to do with the Muse song by a similar name?
Was there an early preview of Kagamigami or a similar series in Shonen Jump?
Who&#39;s inside the third coffin that Orochimaru tried to summon?
What was the anime about dragons living among humans?
What manga is this scanlation page from?
Title and singer of that english-sounding song in Tokyo Ghoul Root of Aogiri anime?
What does the symbol 油 on Jiraiya&#39;s headband mean?
What are the processes involved betwen job submission and rewards?
Is Highschool of the Dead on hiatus again?
What&#39;s up with Nami&#39;s breast size?
A manga about people faking their identities online
Why did the English dub of Naruto stop?
How did Isaac and Miria became immortals?
Name of anime in which people/androids are turned into pills and eaten
Why doesn&#39;t Korra bend the metal on Kuvira&#39;s uniform?
A yaoi manga about a effeminated transfer student who likes and gets turned on from being treated like a girl
Why is the anime of Akame ga Kill so different from the manga?
A children&#39;s anime with a professor and a polar bear
Name of hentai manga. Raw sheets inside
Where is the first track of Toaru Kagaku no Railgun S OST 2 first played?
What manhwa is this image of a girl trying to stop a guy on a bicycle from?
Looking for a manga that features a lazy prince in a city about to be invaded
What are the differences of anime in 1990s and 2000s in terms of technology used?
Name of anime with girl who has a white-haired guardian boy/dog
Real story of Hampnie Hambart?
From what chapter of the Nisekoi manga should I begin reading to pick up where the anime ends?
Why are Haki attacks not effective on Marine admirals?
Why didn&#39;t Shirohige rescue Ace when he was still in Impel Down
Which episodes of Konjiki no Gash Bell are essential?
What were the filler episodes of Maison Ikkoku?
Is Aang also boosted by the comet?
Why did the CardCaptor Sakura anime have so many additional cards?
Why are there so many fillers in long-running animes?
Why didn&#39;t Goku and Chi Chi use the Dragon Balls to rescue the Ox King and his castle?
How is it possible to take 7 days to rescue the trapped survivors in the train crash?
Why couldn&#39;t Goku use the Nimbus to rescue the Ox King from the fire?
What is TK&#39;s actual name?
What is this anime with 3 characters who transform into a fire knight, a water vampire, and a lion?
Anime about a prince with a Water Spirit and female bodyguard redeeming herself
Why is anime produced faster than manga?
What anime starts with a boy taking a girl to the nurse?
Is there any way to kill Alucard?
What are the main reasons for filler episodes?
Why did Airi say &quot;Whose eyes are those eyes&quot; at the end of the first episode?
Are eye techniques in Naruto based on anything real?
Why are there different classes of titans?
How can fans be used to augment earthbending?
Doesn&#39;t the anime show several plot holes in the rule &quot;When two Teigu users battle, one is guaranteed to die&quot;?
Where was Sword Art Online published online?
What is the significance of the title &quot;Usagi drop&quot;?
Hajime no Ippo episode 65 background music identify
What anime is this image of three girls wearing uniform with red collar?
What anime is this picture of a boy and a girl from?
How does Mirai&#39;s ring help her control her ability?
Why do the giants in Shingeki no Kyojin start to look like the characters that got eaten?
Does the &quot;bloody nose&quot; trope necessarily imply a sexual situation?
What is the name of this older anime with a serious elementary school boy?
How did Morgiana get her Household Vessel?
What anime is this &quot;goddere&quot; girl from?
How similar is the Magi anime to the manga?
Why did Sabo eat the Mera Mera no Mi fruit?
What is the name of the manga from chapter 35 page 20 of World Trigger?
Is Eren in &#39;Attack On Titan&#39;, immortal?
What anime is this short clip of two girls jumping over balcony from?
What episode in Naruto Shippuuden did they start the mission to seal the nibi?
Anime with a girl fighting minigun robot dogs in a red tunnel?
How does Aizen&#39;s sword work?
Are Franky &amp; Bon Clay voiced by the same voice actor?
How different are the anime and manga versions of Akame Ga Kill?
Which Akame ga KILL! manga should I read if I want to continue the storyline of the anime?
What makes an Ultra Ball different from the basic Pok&#233; Ball?
Who is this blonde female character wearing a hair band with a bat on it, and what anime is it from?
What is Kagetane&#39;s real goal?
Is there a light novel for the second season of Sword Art Online anime?
An episode of an anime that has feather(s)
Identification request for anime movie: A boy who loses his parents, fights dinosaurs/monsters and rescues a girl he falls in love with
Which Anime is the girl in the middle from?
Why is Kaneki&#39;s fighting ability improved when he put on his mask?
Identifying a sci-fi manhwa
How did Minori and co. get back to Akiba at the end of S2E21?
Why do many anime not follow the manga? Why are they usually made shorter?
Why does the Death Note never run out of pages?
What is the name of this blonde girl in bikini holding a gun?
Is Blackbeard able to absorb more than one devil fruit?
What happened to Miss Dunya&#39;s skin when she died?
Movie anime from 80s alien girl want marry boy because he removed her bra ... Dunno if the planet would be destroyed or invaded
Why are manga read from right to left? Has it always been so?
What websites provide streaming services for dubbed anime?
What&#39;s up with the gravity on board of Bebop?
Is there any &quot;Word of God&quot; or solid references proving that Parasytes cannot reproduce?
What happened to Bon Clay after the Impel Down arc?
What happened to Misa Amane in the last episode?
Manga: Story of a boy with white tiger spirit hiding as a cat
What&#39;s the name of this movie with a sandman?
What happened to Goku after he left the Earth at the end of Dragon Ball GT?
What was the purpose of sending the parasites to Earth?
What is the penalty to dying inside Elder Tale?
What anime is this? (Webm icluded)
Luffy&#39;s Straw Hat
Does the &quot;running technique&quot; of Seiho players exist in real life?
What does kurotsuchi do to nemu in Bleach episode 200?
How much English is spoken at Japan Expo (Paris)
Identification Request: need help remembering anime that aired on adult swim
Where did the mecha genre originate from in Japan?
Is there an official statement about Detective Conan&#39;s ending?
What manga is this image of a girl sitting in a boy&#39;s lap from?
Identification request : Manga with supernatural characters and three people that look exactly like you
What is relationship between Natsu and E.N.D?
Why is sanity a recurring theme in Haiyore Nyaruko-san?
A manga with a brother and his bloodsucking sister
How is Eva&#39;s Magia Erebea incomplete?
How and what is the Unit of Power Level in Dragon Ball Series?
Anime with three female cops
Identification request: A dancing girl with a troupe of wanderers?
What is Arisa&#39;s status at the end of Guilty Crown?
What is the origin (or first known work) of this &quot;Reluctant Maou Heiress&quot; trope we see in several contemporary works?
A manga about a high school student couple who don&#39;t get along in real life but are lovey dovey when they chat via text messages
What is the name of the manga in this picture of a white-haired boy wearing a mask showing his teeth?
What is the source material, if any, for Sanzoku no Musume Ronja?
How can Madara still stick around even after the Edo Tensei had been ended?
What is the name and where can I find the manga to Ore-sama Kingdom
How did Shinigami come into existence?
What does Hashirama mean by the effects of the chakra rods?
Nanatsu no taizai: on the correspondence sin - animal
Where did Danzo get his first Sharingan?
A collection of short stories manga in psychological genre
Will the Japanese version RWBY remake the animation or just be changing the voice actors and actresses?
Anime that I watched long ago about cute creatures turned into monsters
Searching for an anime with rope dart
Old anime movie. White birds representing death
What&#39;s with the explosion in episode 18?
Need to find anime with a half-demon protagonist and his demon-killing gang
Are the Oreimo light novels different from the Anime?
What was Kurisu going to say to Okabe in the first episode?
Is Emilia stronger than the Four Generals?
What is this picture of a smiling man from?
Is this image of a girl wearing a Chinese dress from an anime or fan art?
What is the estimated age of Naruto when he became Hokage?
Why was Villagulio angry at Muginami for taking the Vox in season 1 of Rinne no Lagrange?
Looking for a mangas (paper) Fantasy
Ladybug theme song identification
Why does Bakemonogatari exclusively use katakana?
What exactly does &quot;best girl&quot; mean and where did the expression originate from?
In Kuroko no Basuke, are the characters ever compared to professional players?
Why do some Sharingan eyes have unique Mangekyou abilities?
Where is Eren&#39;s father Dr. Jaeger?
An anime which ends with the main guy defeating his little sister who wanted to marry him and copulate with him to make more demons
name of show I used to watch on animax as a kid
Looking for an anime in the &#39;80s or early &#39;90s, in which the main character places a star on his forehead to transform
Looking for the name of an anime with a guy who was so fast, he let the enemy&#39;s sword practically touch him before he reacted
The Tree of Life in Fullmetal Alchemist
Biologically speaking, is it true that there are no parasites in Parasyte?
What manga chapters of Minami-ke are serialized in anime and OVAs?
Where is Aizen after the Quincies wreak havoc in Seireitei?
Psycho Pass Literature question
What anime is this animated gif of four guys going crazy at karaoke?
Why does Uosuke say &quot;Tai&quot; at the end of every sentence?
Manga about an overthrown emperor who puts two souls into him and trains in the mountain
Do Shanks or Buggy know the location of the One Piece?
What are the translation of these two tanzaku in Date A Live II OVA?
Girl shooting lasers from a cat?
Does &quot;Moe Moe Kyun&quot; mean anything?
What&#39;s the name of an anime with a girl who lives in a farm and takes care of these animals which are like Komodo Dragons?
Action/Martial Arts anime with a character fighting with feathers
Could Dita really shut down Chi with her Trans mode active?
Why didn&#39;t Annie kill Armin during the 57th Expedition Beyond the Walls?
Who is this pink haired loli with ponytails and a tail?
What music that plays before the opening of Btooom EPs 5 and 10?
Guy with red hair and silver sword with a red ball?
Young boy protagonist with a sword containing a red stone on its hilt?
Anime about a man, his idiotic neighbor friend who lives under a rock, and a woman with brains
What happened to Captain Yamato by the end of Naruto story?
What is the identity of this white haired anime guy with the sword?
Manga with supernatural settings and two brothers trying to find their parents&#39; killer
What is the name of this anime in these two pictures of the credit sequence?
An English anime or animated movie about a guy who is taught magic to turn air into weapons
In Monogatari, why is the boy with the reverse jagirinawa still alive?
2006ish-2008ish comedy based anime about 3 school aged girls that start a business (on Anime Network Channel for Sprint Cellphones)
A manga about two girls being summoned to another world and mistaken identity
What is the manga about a twin brother and sister called?
What does Kurome say in AkaKill Theater Ep. 22?
What&#39;s this anime with a character with a black spiral tattoo that can turn into swords?
Manga image of two girls with unusual eyes
Please Help me find this Yaoi Manga
I&#39;m looking for a manga about a girl who can smell when people are sexually aroused
Who is this Aogiri member (a girl on redhood) in the anime adaptation?
I&#39;m looking for a spooky anime where the main character dies every episode?
At what age did Kakashi Hatake become a Jounin?
Can this anime be identified by a small number of disconnected scenes?
Do people in the anime or manga actually eat Pokemon?
Why does no one remember Gildartz?
What is the first anime with blue haired girl in this AMV?
What other Beaters were there in Sword Art Online?
Is the story based on religion?
What happened to Konohamaru&#39;s parents?
Did Shichika&#39;s father try to kill Nanami?
Where did Nanami&#39;s Clairvoyance come from?
What is the music playing in the background of the sad scene in episode 9?
Do people other than Nobita know who Doraemon is?
What is the light source in inverted world?
Can someone please explain the ending of Shiki?
Did Kirito lie about being the *best* beta tester?
Are guns in Kenshin historically accurate?
What is the song playing in Code Geass Episode 14: Geass VS Geass
Help me to identify an anime based on small DC motor car racing
Gunslinger Girl II Teatrino: Anime vs Manga
What anime is this girl wearing panties on her head from?
What&#39;s this character drawn in a classic manga style from?
Is Avatar: the Last Airbender an anime?
Is episode 12.5 in Durarara a filler?
Why did Suzaku change sides?
A recent manga about a chuuni boy fighting by powering up stationery
Anime with two guys one with electrical powers and the other who create illusions
Looking for anime shown as a comic strip
What happened to the Namekian Dragon Balls when the planet exploded?
What is Orochimaru&#39;s ancestry?
Why couldn&#39;t Otonashi of Angel Beats pass on?
Unwanted crystal inside a princess
I desperately need to find this movie.
What is the combination of Wind Style and Earth Style?
Very vague memory about an anime
Why do guys in anime often lack nipples?
I need help remembering an anime with a girl who initially doesn&#39;t realize she is an angel
Is the uniform worn by Tatsuya during the Nine Schools Competition banquet a mistake or formal wear?
Who is the main character of Fairy Tail?
Which anime is this cute girl from?
An anime where the main character is a kid who wears blue coat with red bow tie and round glasses
Why aren&#39;t Kyuubi and Naruto real allies?
Why are the eyes in front of the hair?
Who&#39;s the character in the middle of this WIXOSS cast picture?
What are the original memes mentioned in Steins;Gate?
Which anime has the most number of filler episodes and the longest filler arc?
Looking for an anime. Please help!
Who is this girl with a &quot;01-1&quot; tattoo?
A boy who can turn into a upper half human and the lower half a mermaid tail?
What does Monokuma&#39;s Morse code theatre translate to?
What did the old man say to the bartender at the end?
Can Gohan transform to Super Saiyan in Mystic form?
Why is Franky&#39;s Strong Right a rollercoaster car?
Is it possible for Gohan to transform into a super saiyan while in his ultimate form at the same time?
When and where does Attack on Titan take place?
Looking for a Code Geass AMV
Anime sci-fi TV show with two fighting nations
Would a water manipulating Devil Fruit user be able to swim?
A good anime with adult characters?
Why didn&#39;t Kenshin use a bokutou?
Why is Miku shown with a leek?
Is there a meaning behind the paintings in Tsubaki Kureha&#39;s living room?
What anime has girls who summon swords and collect crystals?
What are the names and grades of Zoro&#39;s swords?
In Darker than Black, does the first OVA take place right after the last episode of the first season(ep.25)?
How Orochimaru is still mentally active after being stabbed by Totsuka sword?
Where does the Gantz anime branch off?
Is this an animation error, or just bizarre character design?
What would the list of manga genres in Japan be, based on bookstore labeling schemes?
Why is incest such a prevalent theme in manga and anime?
Who is the magical girl who becomes Walpurgisnacht?
Why is Homura still alive after shooting herself?
Why does Aikuro Mikisugi request everyone to use the DTR acronym?
What Anime is this picture of a red-eyed skull from?
An anime where a scientist turned his wife (the main character) and himself into babies
What will be the transformation of these two?
What happened to Goku&#39;s Nyoibou and Kinto&#39;un?
What oficial statements have Seo Kouji&#39;s studio made regarding Akitsuki Fuuka&#39;s fate, and what were the repercussions of said statements?
Is it possible for a genin to become a jonin?
Anime movie about a man turning all adults into children and trick them into going to a theme park in the clouds
Where is the next chapter in this manga?
Where do you buy this manga?
Why didn&#39;t Boa Hancock&#39;s attack affect Luffy?
Why is the &quot;drinking milk&quot; trope so prevalent in anime?
Do Zoro, Nami and Robin suffer from bad eyesight?
What is the name of this manga with the survivors of an epidemic gaining super powers?
Who is the general depicted in the ending of Oda Nobuna no Yabou?
A manga where the main character wakes up from a long long sleep, and is very smart and very handsome
Looking for the title of the anime whose anime characters are featured in a Tumblr gif
What is this Ghost Infiltration Key?
How did Suitengu&#39;s Euphoria Virus activate?
GITS:SAC - episode 14 - YE$
Why was Yui happy at the end?
Who is this guy and which anime is he from?
Where can I find ratings of anime OPs and EDs?
Is there a season 2 in Kamisama Hajimemashita?
i want to watch Love, Chunibyo &amp; Other Delusions but dont know were to start
An anime where the main guy has spiky hair, wears headphones and could see and have spirits fight for him
Looking to find an old Sci-Fi Manga
Anime in which a guy lands with a chair in another world
What is the name of the soundtrack playing in One Piece episode 527 when Sanji cries on Fishman Island?
Please help me find the name of a sport manga about American football
A manga about a high school boy who learned boxing from book and later started fighting gangs
Why no one else used Conqueror&#39;s Haki?
What&#39;s up with the name &quot;Zerozaki Hitoshiki&quot;?
Anime with a Certain Scene
Manga about teenagers making a suicide pact online
What was L&#39;s real name?
How does a Claymore move up in rank within the Organization?
Do Pokemon age and die?
Why don&#39;t the trials in Yuri Kuma Arashi seem to make sense?
Is the identity of Rin&#39;s father confirmed?
Is there any reference that Meruem much more powerful than Hisoka?
Could a person do the shinigami deal without losing his half lifespan?
A Japanese manga about a magical door, a girl, and her father?
Kirito and his girlfriend relationships
Do we know how Senju Hashirama died?
Can I get some help identifying this figurine of a blonde swordswoman wearing a highleg?
What is the proper order to watch Hakuouki in?
Anime about a girl fighting a demon and injuring a guy and passing on her powers?
What happened to Yin&#39; spectre by the end of episode 14 of Darker than Black?
Why does the Teiko basketball club have over 100 members?
What happened at the end of Wasurenagumo?
How San-Juan Wolf was put in Impel Down
Was there a time skip on episode 2 of Tokyo Ghoul Season 2?
About the artworks used in the Elfen Lied opening scenes (contains nudity)
What kind of power does the new &quot;Lucy&quot; have?
Why is a fleet of two aircraft carriers, two torpedo cruisers, one battleship and one destroyer an impossible fleet?
What is the name of this incest vanilla manga?
Which of Ussop&#39;s lies have not come true?
Why do anime/manga characters have big eyes?
Can you help me find an anime about a circus girl looking for her mom?
What is Kasuga reading from in chapter 34?
Anime with a boy who controls the robot with flute kind of Musical instrument?
Why do animes have this &quot;milky&quot;-like texture?
What are these scenes in Angel Beats parodying?
Is Panzerfahren only for girls?
Try to find this pinocchio (anime) episode
Are Watari and Kaori a couple by the time she is hospitalized after missing the gala violin concert?
Looking for the name of a kid&#39;s anime
Identifying an anime where a girl is cutting lettuce, then cuts off her own hand
How did Jiraiya find out Tsunade&#39;s breast size?
How did Shinobu know where Araragi is when he was attacked by Tsubasa?
Anime with a windmill in the opening
please help help me find this one-shot manga
Where is this Shingeki no Kyojin light novel in the series&#39; timeline?
Is Zangetsu restored after Ichigo gets his powers back?
Help identifying a manga about a small girl with telekenetic powers
Please help me identify my childhood manga about a boy fighting in a tournament
Whereabouts of Senju clan
Anime that aired on Nicktoons at least 10 years ago about power gems
Why was Ryuk tied to Light&#39;s Death Note?
What&#39;s the name of this romance/ecchi manga about a girl who becomes the landlord of a boy&#39;s house?
How was Nagato able to re-awaken and control the Rinnegan?
Michiru is a fake blonde, ok. But what about Sachi and Amane&#39;s hair colors?
Why doesn&#39;t Conan reveal his identity at least to Ran in Detective Conan (Case Closed)?
What is the name of One Piece background music in episode 296 during the scene Zoro decides to use Usopp as a sword?
In Terra Formars, why did the German squad have few combat ready crew members?
Who killed Z sensei&#39;s family?
Why is Parasyte spelled with a y in the title?
What is this sheet Toshinou Kyouko is using?
Why doesn&#39;t Hare fix Ayase&#39;s legs with her Bandage void?
A manga about a black cat which brings misery wherever he goes?
Why do only People from the Uzumaki Clan get Chosen as the Jinchuuriki for the Nine Tails?
Can a person die before their lifespan ends?
Kneeling and Rock Throwing in Terra Formars
Why didn&#39;t Dabura attempt to turn Buu to stone?
Why can’t Madara use Amaterasu or Kamui?
Why did Cardinal block Yui from relating with players?
An anime about a female pinked-haired alien hiding in a teenage boy&#39;s body to stay alive
Where is Yoruichi&#39;s Zanpakuto?
How would you write Light Yagami&#39;s name in the Death Note?
What happens when an evil con-hollow dies?
What is Saika constantly posting on the Message Board?
Do people die if they are killed?
Where can I purchase anime soundtracks for download?
What does Ni no Kuni mean exactly?
Who are all the characters Tomoko imagines?
An anime where cats turn into girls around male protagonist
Sword Art Online, yanking the NerveGear off someone&#39;s head?
What would have happened if Esdeath hadn&#39;t drunk all the demon extract?
How do I watch canon Kenshin content?
Identification request: Preview from Dragon Ball:Blood Rubies VHS
Performers of classical music in Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso
What is the title of the song that plays during the next episode(18) previews of Parasyte -the maxim-?
What does Oreki Houtarou want to do with his life?
What is this song playing in episode 5?
Is it possible for Lucy to meet Aquarius again, or did she die/get sacrificed?
An anime where the girl gets stronger when she was touched by the main character
A recent manga with VR setting about a guy get hired to guard a girl in video game
A manga about a former SWAT guy going to high school undercover to protect a popular idol
Was Sekai in School Days anime really pregnant?
Did the D-Gray Man manga cease publication?
Who is the character sporting a mohican that Onizuka is parodying?
Who is being parodied by Onizuka?
What is this &quot;Company&quot; Kazami Yuuji works for anyway?
When does this image of Shinji Ikari sitting in a folding chair appear?
Who is Acnologia?
What manga chapters does the Akagi anime adapt?
What is this anime about a gloomy girl with black hair liking a popular boy at her school?
Who is Don Freecs?
Are titan&#39;s other weakness the underground?
Which anime do these pictures of students in a convenience store come from?
Looking for the name of an anime about a guy who leaves his village with 2 friends
Which anime is he from?
&quot;I want to forget the little nuts&quot;
Why is the nine tails afraid of Madara?
An anime about a boy who can grant any wish and his brother who can cast a spell. &gt;RELEASE!
Can an animated show created outside Japan be called Anime?
Why does the &quot;A in C major&quot; tone play whenever a strange event occurs in The World?
An anime where a boy, who can eject fire from his finger, saves a girl from black-suited men
Is there a mobile app where you can read manga as well as watch anime from?
Will Naruto have a Kid?
What dictates who can use what magic in Fairy Tail?
How old were Ed and Al when they performed the human transmutation?
What manga is this quote from?
What anime is this gif of a red eyed white haired guy from?
Are the garbled up text in Log Horizon Season 2 Episode 9 meaningful or simply garbage?
An anime in which a girl wants to sleep with 100 guys
What&#39;s the deal with Yui?
Why do the characters in Akatsuki no Yona have Korean name?
Why don&#39;t Asuka and Mari wear headsets?
Looking for a manga with a girl that can see people&#39;s thoughts
What manga is this girl with glasses and short hair from?
What&#39;s the name of the music in One Piece filler episode 406?
What manga is this illustration of 3 handsome young men from?
What does the term &quot;Kage&quot; in &quot;Kage Bunshin no Jutsu&quot; actually refer to?
Ending of The Adventures of Hutch the Honeybee
help me find this shounen ai or yaoi manga?
A shoujo manga about an innocent girl who never falls in love?
Does the intro to Sket Dance have a typo?
Looking for a specific manga which features a kind of feral boy (hentai)
Looking for anime name, watched in probably year 2000
Tying to identify an Anime from my childhood
need help remebering an anime
Why did Togusa&#39;s family computer buy Cerano Genomics stock by itself?
Who did the prime minister call?
A late &#39;90s early 2000s anime with a amnesiac girl with special power
Is Naruto Uzumaki the fourth Sage Of The Six Paths
Why would VAs that have many memorable lead roles take lesser roles?
Why does Kasumigaoka call Tomoya &quot;Mr. Ethical&quot;?
What anime is this where everyone has a virtual world from glasses?
Did Tsunade&#39;s abilities come from the fact that she was descendant of Senju and Uzumaki?
How are the themes and songs picked for a particular series?
Are the clothing/modesty standards in the world of Mahouka Koukou stricter?
What anime is this girl holding a gun from?
Are anime streaming sites legal?
Why are the main characters of Amagi Brilliant Park named after singers?
Looking for an anime with a redhead girl?
What happened to Otonashi and Kanade in the last episode?
Why is the 10x Kamehameha red in color?
What is the chorus singing during the opening of Ookami Kakushi?
What is the name of this anime involving mythical motorcycles that are used for fighting?
Are these Hebrew inscriptions actually &quot;correct&quot;?
Why did Deidara want to kill Orochimaru?
Title of a horror manga where living beings get resurrected in trade for another
How long can you manipulate a person with a Death Note?
Which chapters are left out during the Attack on Titan anime?
Trying to find an old anime title name
Why did Rem kill L?
Anime with fighting lizard/humanoid winged creature
Need help identifying a manga/manwa (School, supernatural, fighting, aikido, gem stones, diamond)
An anime about a girl who fell in love with a playboy who had slept with like every girl in the school except for the main character
What is this manga about childhood friends as shown in this scanlation credit page?
What is the name of the theme song at the end of episode 12 of Tokyo Ghoul?
Why is Toradora&#39;s ED about oranges?
Looking for an anime with a male protagonist who has this power in his arm?
Where did the Western names in Code Geass come from?
How do Luffy&#39;s gear attacks work?
Why didn&#39;t Lelouch use the &quot;obey me&quot; order on everyone?
Where exactly is Kadath
Who was watching Mary in her childhood?
Is there any jutsu that Naruto won&#39;t be able to master without the Kyuubi?
Why were the Dragon Knights trying to kill the Dragon Torc?
Identify Mecha Anime
Can someone identify this girl in Nurarihyon no Mago?
Difference between a code and geass?
From which anime is this gif?
What&#39;s the name of the anime in this picture?
Have the creators of Tokyo Mew Mew or Sailor Moon commented on the similarities?
An anime about a bullied girl who gets help from a &quot;god&quot;?
Why do some works [anime, manga, novels] have a trailing dot?
Who is this shadow from the second Valvrave ED?
What is the Capture Level of Hungri-la Bird?
Has the Gintama TV series finished airing?
Do songs that get used as openings/endings get sped up as well as cut?
What song is playing when Eren cries in episode 2?
What was the first Hentai ever made?
What are the different versions of Fruits Candy?
Looking for an anime with a girl who can turn into a dragon after she loses a tooth
What does the German say in the opening of ef - a tale of melodies?
Which chapter in the Bleach manga corresponds to the last episode in the anime?
What is this ecchi image of a girl in orange striped underwears from?
What technique did Lord Mu use to escape Gaara&#39;s sealing sand in the Fourth Shinobi War?
Manga about a boy whose power for martial arts is sucked by a ring with a ghost in it
Name of the manga starring two high school girls in a paranormal backdrop
Parasyte anime 20 years after the manga finished - Why?
Trying to recall an anime name
Help Identify This Mecha Anime
What is BBT event?
What are the paintings in the Anti-Angel Headquarters and what do they mean?
Why have Soul and Maka got 0 Souls in Chapter 001a
Why are some anime and manga unlicensed?
How did Flamingo get the Mera Mera no mi?
Looking for a particular Gintama episode number
Is an uncensored release of &quot;Dakara, Boku wa H! ga Dekinai&quot; released yet
What is Akito&#39;s Geass?
What position does the village chief have when he&#39;s not a kappa?
Does Hakuoro come back at the end?
What kind of sins would determine if a Prinny is sent to the Netherworld or Celestia?
What&#39;s this hentai name?
How is the Shadow Clone technique different from other cloning techniques?
Why does Rin have sharp, pointed teeth?
What happened to the Resurrection Item?
What is the motive behind the Titan Shifters&#39; actions?
I&#39;m looking for a manga about a cat demon that lost its bell
What is the name of this manga involving spirits?
Forgot name of manga about a half princess (mother was the queen) with special powers and a marking on her neck
Does Shiba Tatsuya have two Magic Calculation Areas?
Where and how does bleach anime diverge from manga? (Where to start manga if seen anime.)
How does Sara become a child in Mermaid Melody?
What type of LOGIA can defeat a HAKI user?
A sci-fi anime about a space policewoman chasing after criminal aliens
What manga is this picture of a melting boy from?
Why does Lelouch speak English?
Why do Kurama and Gyuki appear as chakra while other bijuu don&#39;t?
Is this fluffy thing a rabbit?
Was it already revealed in the manga who will be the wives of Naruto and Sasuke?
Can people log into SAO after the initial trapping?
A Certain Magical Index I Episode 18 - &quot;Replica&quot; - What does Touma say?
Source of an anime clip
An old anime, probably set in post-apocalyptic world, where ichthyoid race had war with human
What is the significance of pulling the eye open downward?
An anime about a guy who got sent to another realm, met a princess who was a little girl and became her servant
I am looking for a romance manga
Is there a 2nd season for Angel Beats?
Why didn&#39;t Light kill Mello?
How to start the Berserk manga, should I bother with chapters 000a and 000b?
What&#39;s the difference between Toshiro and Ichigo&#39;s Zanpakuto lore?
Why are tentacles prevalent in anime?
Manga about a survival game where people in the game make friends with outsiders using cell phones
Horror manga taking place on an island
How do UQ Holder! and Mahou Sensei Negima! relate?
What anime is this GIF of someone washing a girl&#39;s chest from?
Why does Gilgamesh&#39;s casual appearance look different in different routes?
What are the real life counterparts of the anime studios mentioned in episode 12 of Shirobako?
What is the name of the background music playing in this scene from One Piece?
How do 3D objects coincide with traditional 2D animation?
Is there a mini series that tells Ryoma&#39;s experience in the U.S. Open (Prince of Tennis)?
What happened to the manga &quot;Me and the Devil Blues&quot;?
What is the true name for Kyubey?
Looking for a manga about a guy who gets different girlfriends as a result of time travel
Why does the commander wear a mask in the command center?
Who are all members of Namikaze clan and is Namikaze clan a descendant of Senju clan?
Why is it that the majority of Gardes pilots are females?
Manga with a robot with a penis cannon
Identification of manga/manhwa in the credit page of fan scanlation
Why did Saber reveal to Shirou and Rin that she has participated in the previous war?
Where does the Devil Fruit come from?
What is the meaning/purpose of the (not) in the titles of Rebuild of Evangelion?
How and when did Uchiha Madara learn Edo Tensei?
What manga is this image with a depressed girl from?
What&#39;s the difference between manga, manhwa, and manhua?
Has there been a anime that used its OP as ED and/or vice versa?
Anime with short ninja guy wearing a cap backwards
I cant remember this anime. Please Help. i remember a scene
Can someone please identify this fighting-school manga?
How does one become a vampire in the universe of Diabolik Lovers?
An anime from mid-late &#39;90s about a teenage boy come home and discover an unknown girl sleeping on his bed
What happened to Sophie&#39;s curse?
What was the first anime that uses different ending/opening songs in every episode?
What is the name of this really funny anime?
Shokugeki color chapters
Anime identification request about guy with invisible pills (hentai)
Was there ever a reason for why becoming a super saiyan became easy for the trunks and goten?
Anybody that knows this manhwa?
What was Tohsaka doing watching the dojo lately?
What&#39;s this manga in post-apocalyptic Tokyo with a biker girl who fights the yakuza?
Manga about schools who have a group of fighters and one girl?
What happened at the end of Kamisama no Inai Nichiyoubi anime adaptation?
How popular is the light novel of Mahouka Rettousei Koukou in Japan?
Anime I watched as a kid on VHS where a girl draws a star to beat a computer virus-like enemy
Do we know what Hana is sick with?
What is the symbolism behind depicting Kaga Ryosuke as a centaur when he uses his invisible dictionary?
Is Plue in Fairy Tail and in Rave the same?
What is this manga of a girl running a boarding house for aliens?
Is Chapter 66 the last chapter of Rosario Vampire Season II manga?
I can&#39;t remember the name of this manga! It contained a group entering a city and learning they had to pay 10 silver to leave
Is Genta also immortal?
When does one become a Super Saiyan?
Woman falling in love with a coworker
Where do the angels come from?
Psycho Pass Episode / Special Order
Where can I buy this shirt Kaneki Ken is wearing?
Was Mephisto aware that Yukio had Satan&#39;s blood in him after all?
Who is this blue haired girl holding a mic?
An anime from around 2004 - 2008 with a scene of a girl walking through a dying forest
Why did Lupin the Third change its target audience in recent years?
Why didn&#39;t Tobi use Kamui when Minato used Rasengan?
Why did Itachi seek Tobi&#39;s help?
Anime with guys battling each other using small cars with weapons
An anime with a &quot;ghost&quot; younger sister, a witch who kills undead and a goth loli sadistic witch
How does the English version of Sailor Moon differ from the original?
How many volumes of the light novels did Durarara season 1 cover?
Anime about a fighter wearing a blue dress
An anime from 10 years ago or more about a female vampire with mature appearance who saved a man
Why did Haku sacrifice himself for Zabuza?
What is the music playing in the background of the fight scene in episode 7?
Which anime is this girl with long purple hair from?
Why is harem a common theme in manga/anime?
Was the names of the hot springs in ep8 of Gugure! Kokkuri-san a joke/reference to another anime?
Why do most anime feature some characters/items that are Legendary?
In yaoi anime, why does the uke always say &#39;senpai&#39;?
Lelouch - Geass in both eyes
An anime where the guy makes a promise to a girl in a park when young and becomes immortal
How old is Alucard?
What anime is this picture of a boy and a girl entangled in red ribbon from?
What is Tsunade&#39;s chakra element?
How was the next leader of the Uchiha clan chosen?
Why wasn&#39;t Najenda&#39;s background story shown in the anime?
A shoujo manga about a girl who cuts a guy&#39;s hair in the middle of class and later fixes it
After Orochimaru revives the 4 kage how does Minato know how to use Kurama chakra mode?
Anime guy with a gun having different colored, special bullets
Is there some type of connection between Mavis and Zeref?
Where does the idea of a Hadouken and Kamehameha come from?
Name Suffixes: Does Yaten (Sailor Star Healer) ever refer to Usagi (Sailor Moon) by her civilian name?
In Death Note, what happens to Light Yagami after he dies?
When do the Bleach Movies occur in relation to the anime?
Where does Aizen make this quote about self-rightfulness?
What is the difference between Sasori&#39;s Puppets and Edo Tensei?
An anime of Demons, Vampire and Magic user staying on an isolated Island
What is the reference Kanbara made in episode 4 of Kyoukai no Kanata: Mini Theater special?
An anime about a pair of lovers whose bodies are in pain whenever they remember each other
What is the difference between &quot;arc&quot;, &quot;hen&quot; and &quot;season&quot; when categorizing anime series sub-stories?
What exactly is the relationship between Araragi and Shinobu?
What happened to Orochimaru?
An anime where the male protagonist has to wear cat ears
What hints were shown during the series to who was the extra person in the classroom?
How much does a typical anime episode or series cost to make?
Why does Sasuke still have the Rinnegan?
Is there a uncensored version of Tokyo Ghoul?
Where does all the chakra of Edo Tensei shinobi come from?
Why don&#39;t they just upload her brain to the internet?
What&#39;s the difference between the Full Moon wo Sagashite manga and anime?
What anime is this gif showing a scene on the sea from?
Which episode of Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood had a lot of transitions with a black screen and white text?
An old anime (1998-2007) about a guy living with a couple of girls under the same roof
Why do many visual novels contain erotic content?
Does anyone know which manga is this from?
Manga about a man creating stars...?
How did Geass come into existence?
What fighting style is Lancer using in Fate/Zero?
What happened to Rukia?
Can gold be transmuted in the Fullmetal Alchemist continuity?
How many light novel volumes are covered in the &quot;Papa no Iukoto wo Kikinasai!&quot; anime?
Manga about 3 school friends who have to play games to survive
Is Hidan Still Allive?
Who are the ninjas Team 7 is fighting with in Naruto Shippuden Ending 32?
Why does Yuno fall for Yuki in the first place?
yaoi manga that I can&#39;t remember that ends with a wedding
List of surviving Uchiha
Is Misa Amane&#39;s early death a plothole in Death Note?
Was Kyon in love with Haruhi?
Did Kyousuke&#39;s parents know about what happened between him and Kirino?
Is it possible to get the Rinnegan by injecting Senju and Uchiha DNA into yourself?
Is Reiko Sakakibara&#39;s aunt really her relative?
Is the Kamui dimension infinite?
What is this anime where the girl wears a ribbon wrapping her hair like double helix and wears black dress?
What is the significance of the black cat?
Anime about group of warriors with a character carrying two crimson swords
Which anime is this kissing scene from?
A manga where the protagonist&#39;s power comes from a &quot;mole&quot; on his face
Please help identify this white haired girl wearing a black beret
Manga where students fight each other in the opening ceremony
What is Hidan&#39;s Source of Power?
What is the necklace that Mirajane wears around her neck?
What&#39;s this symbol used by the Nazis?
How does the 3D maneuver gear work?
Why do fansubbed animes have a reminder to not sell their fansubbed product?
Looking for anime/cartoon that aired in 2000s
Can someone explain the story of Space Battleship Yamato 2199?
Yaoi manga featuring two soldiers on the cover of DaDa magazine
How did the young man take his turn? (spoilers)
When is the track &quot;No differences&quot; played?
An ecchi anime with time travel and love-triangle elements
Did Weed from Legendary Moonlight Sculptor ever meet Prina&#39;s friend from planting in Valley of Death quest?
What is the context of this Hunter x Hunter reference in Inou Battle manga chapter 2?
Are there other known public security sections other than Section 9 in &quot;Ghost in the Shell?&quot;
In what order should I watch the Ghost in the Shell series?
Is there an audio commentary for Ghost In The Shell series and movies?
Ghost in the Shell: Arise US release date?
Is Togusa a cyborg in GITS:Arise?
Anime about a blind girl and her little brother
Manga about a girl with demons that cause bad luck
Why doesn&#39;t the Byakugan have a second stage?
How was Tobirama able to create techniques?
How did Sasuke identify that Deidara&#39;s &quot;art&quot; uses Earth Style just by looking at his hand seals?
A manga about a girl helping demons but can&#39;t touch anyone because of it?
What anime is this scene with the subtitle &quot;I don&#39;t want a threesome! We don&#39;t have time.&quot; from?
Twins in episode 1 of Durarara!!&#215;2 - just who are they?
Who is this guy in snow and which anime is he from?
Debut Episodes of Rival Characters in Detective Conan (Case Closed)?
Melody from an anime I can&#39;t remember
An old anime/cartoon set in prehistoric time where the main character dresses like Tarzan and lives in a jungle
Why are many anime characters blond?
Why are wash pans dropped on a character&#39;s head?
Where was Araragi when he helped Tsubasa Tiger?
Why didn&#39;t minato shroud change when he turns to tailed beast mode?
Can&#39;t find this old anime that I watched over 10 yrs ago
What is the Mecha where the main character tries to assassinate a princess but ends up joining her?
How many times has the original Nine Tails attack been flashed back?
Is intentionally producing a lower quality TV release unique to anime?
Why do anime end with spoilers?
What is title of the anime in this picture with a girl wearing a red scarf?
In terms of Comiket-related metrics, what are the most popular franchises of all time? (Touhou and...?)
Anime about boy finding a robot encased in a blue-whitish shell
Why does Okita Sōji did not appear?
Does the Toradora OVA fit canonically in the main storyline?
Remembering Anime/cartoon from around 10 years ago
Who are these bunny girls from Gurren Lagann referencing
Do you know this light novel?
What&#39;s the meaning of the title &quot;B Gata H Kei&quot;?
An anime about toy dolls which can be controlled when the player wears a headset
In Saekano episode 0, what does this censored word and its context mean?
Why would Sakata Gintoki need to go to the future?
What is the longest anime title?
What are the marks on Index-tan&#39;s left eye?
What does the small text say in the noitaminA intro?
Yaoi manga set in a gay club?
What happened to Kazuya&#39;s father?
What is the meaning of the animal &quot;models&quot; of the Cursed Girls?
What is Idepon in Shirobako a reference to?
Does a Cubone kill its own mother?
Looking for anime with android or robot-like female who needs to charge/recharge
Why were monopoles raining?
Which manga is this kissing scene from?
A pre-2000 anime with a major female character having a hidden third eye on her forehead
What anime is this featuring a girl wearing a yellow shirt?
What Manga/Anime is this character with a tattoo on his chest from?
What&#39;s the name of this manga whose cover has two handsome man?
Who is Araragi supposed to look like in this scene?
A manga about a boy with fox mask helping police with his power and seen by a girl who is his classmate
Why can&#39;t Sasuke use Tsukuyomi even after implanting Itachi&#39;s eyes?
Old hero flashback, entering a temple (or something alike) that is boobytrapped
What are Madara Uchiha&#39;s weaknesses?
How did the Dragon King&#39;s Eye ended up inside Nanami?
How can a death note shorten the lifespan of others?
Could FP-shell kill Ergo Proxy?
Is there a way for Naruto to get the Rinnegan?
What does &quot;shirobako&quot; mean in terms of the anime?
What is spinning a girl in yukata like a top a reference to?
What did Kiritsugu do when he left Fuyuki?
Why was Kid sailing in Thriller Bark?
When does Kakashi first use his Mangekyou Sharingan?
Why does Satsuki address everyone using &quot;kisama&quot;?
Journeying redheaded swordfighter
Why does Hashirama Senju possess such huge and terrifying chakra?
Where can I legally download SAO light novel in English?
Is this from an anime? If so, what is it called?
A jutsu without weakness?
Where can I find Slam Dunk English dubbed episodes legally?
Why didn&#39;t Sarutobi kill Danzo?
A manga about a boy carrying a large sword which can be powered up by inserting beads in it
Law vs Breed: why didn&#39;t Law use room to remove collars?
How do online Nerve Gear games handle player authentication?
Why did Kagami have difficulty using Konata&#39;s keyboard?
What plant does Noel use as an umbrella/parasol?
What are the familial relationships in Gentlemen&#39;s Alliance Cross?
Why does the use of Haki turn part of your body black
Where can I read Sword Art Online (Novel)?
What are the reasons for producing short-form anime?
A shoujo manga about a girl who is called a robot by everyone in school
An anime that featured a handicapped boy and his robot?
Why is Hashirama hailed the most powerful shinobi of all time?
An anime about a boy and two girls - one is daughter of king of heaven and the other is daughter of king of hell
Code Geass - How does Lelouch manage to contain his Geass
Meaning of telegraph code in the song planetes
Why wasn&#39;t Arlong in Impel Down during the Impel Down Saga?
Why did Bartholomew Kuma allow Vegapunk to turn him fully into a pacifista?
Are manga artists really pressured by the editors not to put dangerous or illegal scenes in their works?
Smoking in Cowboy Bebop...
How old was Nanana at the time of her murder?
What does &quot;I will be back&quot; mean in Shingeki no Bahamut?
Manga about a boy who lives in an area where a meteor hit and now is shield off in a glass globe from the rest of Tokyo?
Anime with main character fighting against steampunk/mech antagonists
Romance manga about a group of legendary children
Why didn&#39;t Madara start his own plan when he was still young?
Zoro accepts Luffy as Captain
What&#39;s the significance of ice pop lottery
Does Shirou ever learn about Illyasviel being Kiritsugu&#39;s daughter?
Major Anime Artist Commission Question
What does &quot;Elohim, Essaim... Elohim, Essaim I implore you&quot; mean?
What manga is this image of a woman observing a scantly dressed couple from?
Why did they air all four Tsukimonogatari episodes in one day?
Why was everyone attempting to fool Ulla?
What&#39;s the title of this old romance anime?
What is the importance of the number 7?
What are the differences between the original Kaito Kid specials vs. the new Kaito Kid 1412 series?
Why doesn&#39;t Kaisei want to be seen by Yasaburou?
Can a Demon Weapon also be a Weapon Meister?
Is the Nine Tails still stronger than the Eight Tails even though half of him was sealed away?
What happens to the drones at the end of episode 6?
Crossdressing Girl transported to matriarchalic world
Girl falling onto tracks saved by Teleporter
Why does the stranger lend Akira pants
Name of the anime where the girls are the &quot;Great Old Ones&quot;
What made samehada team up with Bee?
Where have I seen this girl drawing before?
How much time has passed in-universe in Detective Conan?
Why can&#39;t Natsu and Gajeel go through Freed&#39;s runes?
What is this anime that has a strange flying sun totem?
Who is Oshino Ougi?
Does Ira Gamagori have an official height?
What was omitted/skipped from the end of Sakamichi no Apollon?
Why do the Gold and Silver Brothers in Naruto Shippuden have whisker marks?
Why was there a change in the previews?
What&#39;s this anime with a girl and a sci-fi airplane in it?
Movie identification: post-apocalyptic setting featuring a genetically engineered forest
What&#39;s the difference between Kage Bunshin no Jutsu and Tajuu Kage Bunshin no Jutsu?
How can a clock stop working at 99 O&#39;Clock?
Which episode did Kyouko gave the charm to Tsuna?
Can Shiki kill servants?
Ecchi manga about virgin girl and a boy at a restaurant
When is the Blue Exorcist movie set?
What&#39;s this anime involving a dragon and a woman with wings?
Bokura Ga Ita final scene in the anime
Where were we first given the Angels&#39; names?
Manga about a Chinese man befriending a girl who is a hitman for the Chinese mafia
How did the Sunday Without God light novels end?
Why is Tomoko actions on her computer so exaggerated?
Is it possible to combine all five chakra elements?
Is it possible to duplicate eyes?
Why do lots of anime titles have ☆ in them?
Is anyone familiar with an anime where the main character wears a bullet on a necklace?
What is that thing behind Enel&#39;s back?
Watching order for &quot;Toaru Majutsu no Index&quot; and related anime
What is the color of the State alchemist pocket watch?
Why could the dragon not bring back Goku after he fought Frieza?
Do Rave Master and Fairy Tail share the same world?
Are Sword Art Online and Accel World related?
An anime where the main characters exorcise demons by summoning boxes
Do the trapped souls in the Reaper/Shinigami suffer?
Why do some anime in Japanese contain English?
Is Santa Company available to non-backers?
What dance is Araragi dancing?
How does Ymir turn back into her human form?
A manga about an average girl and a poor boy
What is the relation between the female protagonists of these two manga series?
Is there a Jounin Exams for ninjas?
Who are all the girls fawning over Araragi?
What is Ougi reading on her phone when she meets Araragi at the steps to the shrine?
Manga about a knight girl with eyes shaped like stars
Questions about the Korean dubbed Aria series and OPs
What is the production order of the Monogatari series?
What is the in-universe chronological order of the Monogatari Series?
What is the meaning behind Tsukihi&#39;s pose 17 minutes into in episode 1 of Tsukimonogatari?
If Mayu had no contact with the outside world, how did she contact people in the outside world?
What shoujo manga are these images from?
What is the connection between Amagi Brilliant Park and Full Metal Panic?
Why did the Black Butler anime diverge from the manga?
An anime film set in post-apocalyptic world where it looked like machines were killing humans
Why did Nibutani Shinka changed her hair color?
How did Sasuke get his hawk summoning technique?
Where can I find this song from The World is Still Beautiful?
Who is Tao Ren&#39;s wife?
Was Lilium written or composed solely for Elfen Lied?
Song identification from an old anime
What happened to all the talking animals in Dragon Ball?
Who is Saber extending her hand to in the ED of Carnival Phantasm?
An anime movie where a protagonist carrying a bow is trying to fight off what look like mammoths surrounded by roots
Anime series about a main character gaining power from blue blob on his arm
Where can I find the Sunday Without God light novels in English?
What is the name of this anime movie about a powerful traveler and his girl?
What&#39;s up with this Soul Eater Not reference?
Has the &quot;It&#39;s over 9000!&quot; meme spread back to Japan?
Help me find a series with a girl bleeding out in a guy&#39;s arms
How did Nunally know that Lelouch planed his death?
What happened to Yamato after he was kidnapped by Kabuto and used to reinforce the White Zetsu army?
Who kissed Ash at the the end of Pok&#233;mon Heroes?
Ai Tenchi Muyo! episode 59 ending song
Post-apocalyptic mecha-anime about a robot kid
What is Sakura&#39;s Chakra Element?
Is there some source as to what Taiga did during the skipped year in the last episode of Toradora?
Anime about North Korea infiltration
Movie about an old woman telling her life story to a film crew
Detailed explanation of CLAMP character relations?
An anime where the main character lives with a bunch of &quot;outcasts&quot; and has to take care of a girl without any social skills
What is the name of the Anime/Manga in the bottom right of this Picture?
What was the first anime that used a split-cour format?
What happened to Eren to make him not be able to turn into a Titan anymore in chapter 53 of the manga
What happened to Juuzawa Juu at the end of Denpa Teki na Kanojo?
Why does Father (the Dwarf in the Flask) want to be a perfect being?
Why does Gaara still have dark circles around his eyes?
Crying male protagonist?
Why did Menma appear as a grown up?
Can a person who influences others lives be killed by a Death Note?
Movie about monsters that turn to trash during the day!
Who is this third character and what is her connection?
Are Servants also given knowledge of future heroes?
Where is this image with three girls from?
How different are the anime and manga versions of Nichijou?
Why is the title spelled as Terra Formars?
Is it possible for a Byakugan user to awaken the Rinnegan?
What is the correct watching order of Fullmetal Alchemist?
Full Metal Alchemist - who are Ishvalans inspired by?
Why is Mew numbered 151?
An animated movie set in a post-apocalyptic future where the main girl has to collect a last spirit
Who are these virtual anime girlfriends?
An 80s or 90s military sci-fi anime movie where a squad of marines in mecha suits were mind-controlled by aliens
Why did Kaneki&#39;s hair change color?
Are the honey-pickled apples from Spice and Wolf historically accurate?
Which Master was spying on Rin?
Need help remembering a anime
What does the emblem on Bolt&#39;s jacket mean?
What exactly is a dango?
How is Sakura&#39;s and Shinji&#39;s relationship different in Realta Nua?
Did Gilgamesh know about Sakura?
Does Sailor Moon Crystal contain the Black Moon arc of the manga (Pluto and Chibiusa)?
What are the steps involved in making a professional manga?
How is it possible that Kanade has Otonashi&#39;s heart?
What is this manga about two students who speak to each other through a window?
An anime about a girl visiting tents at a circus where stories connected to her are told
What kind of Girls does Naotsugu like?
An anime with a scene where the protagonist fights against biological dolls
Is &quot;Read or Die&quot; based on manga?
Why was Yamakan replaced by Takemoto as director of Lucky Star?
An anime of twelve beautiful ninja slaves
If heroes cannot die because of the fairies&#39; protection, how did Minowa Gin die?
What changes were made to Shirobako episode 6?
Can Logia users be hurt by intangible attacks?
Anime about a reunited friends who turn out to be each other&#39;s fiancee
Shoujo manga about a girl falling in love with a poor boy in a garden
Are there side effects in using Iron Blood Transformation?
What are the effects of forging a contract with a dragoon?
Is the Fruit of Grisaia an actual fruit?
A manga where the main character got drown and wake up as a princess
Manga about demon/monster slaying girl who lost her father as a child?
A manga about a boy who became a girl&#39;s &#39;pet&#39; and joined a magic school for girls?
Who was Black Zetsu created by? (Manga Spoilers)
Long shot: ID an Anime Series
Who is the basement professor, kept in Ichigaya?
What anime/manga is this image of a boy holding a girl in blue long coat holding black and silver handguns from?
90&#39;s mtv Freaks
How long is the longest running anime series?
What are the real names of the members of Organisation XIII?
Where did the Haganai and Oreimo cameo appear?
Are there any anime suggestion engines?
Did Death know Blair was a cat and not a witch?
How long was Shi-woon trained by Goomoonryong?
Why didn&#39;t Akame die when she cut herself with Murasame?
Has anyone ever gotten hurt in Girls Und Panzer?
Which anime episodes of Aria correspond to which manga chapters?
How did Sloth lay rail underground?
What are these three references from episode 9?
How come the events of Rebellion are possible, with Madoka&#39;s wish?
Brain flour and fairies
Why did Scar only attack the State Alchemists?
In Fate/Zero and Fate/Stay Night, why is King Arthur female? Why is Iskander tall?
What is Takasu Yasuko&#39;s profession?
Law&#39;s devil fruit vs Haki
Is this the correct translation of what Tomoko is saying?
Anime with invisible sword that comes into reality when the wielder wills it
What does Tomoko mean by &quot;Is he Kenshi***?&quot;
Were there ever plans for a &quot;Bastard!&quot; TV series in Japan?
What is this anime about a girl fighting aliens?
What do vampires have to do with the phase of the moon?
What anime, fanart, or random art is this girl with a gun from?
An anime where a girl who was &quot;the chosen one&quot; and had to become &quot;something&quot; to save the world?
What manga is this black and white picture of a vampire and a girl from?
Song identification request, likely from Touhou
What is this brown-haired, brown-eyed boy from?
Who is this girl holding a leaf and what anime is she in?
Which anime is this child wearing headphones from?
How much of the Yumekui Merry manga was adapted into the anime?
Who died first? H&#228;nsel or Gretel?
A manga where in the beginning a girl helps a dog
How could the Four Hokage be reanimated by Orochimaru?
Why does Kaido want to kill Whitebeard?
How exactly were Ryu and Taiga planning to elope after his 18th birthday, given the Japanese mariage law?
Besides instant brain destruction, what would it takes to kill Tatsuya?
What song is this on the Code Geass soundtrack?
What is the most likely real world location for the Mihama Academy if it really existed?
Mushiking - the anime that disappeared?
Manga or manhwa about a guy moving to Korea
In terms of sales, how popular was Sword Art Online II?
Is the amount of Christianity portrayed in anime representative of Japan?
What is the meaning of the title?
Why does Yukine have three different names?
What&#39;s the song title at the end of episode 15 of Code Geass R2?
Romance manga about a smoking teacher
Identify this manga image with a 3D man holding a 2D baby
What Geass was Anya still afflicted by?
What is this scene a reference to?
Anime in which a character passes out near a boat in the desert
Who was it that Sora fought in Hallow Bastion?
Did episode 214 of Fairy Tail come out? Where can I watch it?
Why did Naru not want Lin to know he bent a spoon?
How many demon forms does Mirajane have?
Can&#39;t remember anime name where characters collect artifacts
Can someone identify this old anime labeled as Saber Marionette R which it is NOT?
What anime is this girl holding a note book from?
What is this anime in which the protagonist has a black spiral tattoo down both arms called?
Why did Tobirama create Edo Tensei?
What is the soundtrack played when the Strawhats stand against the CP9 in Enies Lobby?
What is the &quot;-shi&quot; ending&#39;s meaning?
What&#39;s the anime where people kill monsters?
Anyone know what series this image belongs to?
Before the war, how many races were there?
What is the structure of Umanohone?
What is the name of the soundtrack in Dragon Ball Z that plays whenever Goku is about to start a fight?
Who is Monkey D Dragon&#39;s wife / Luffy&#39;s mother?
What is Mii Fujibakama saying?
Does Nao ever realize that Pastel Ink is Ink?
Are the Heartseed entities some kind of plant?
Why are there sometimes darkened scenes in new anime?
Can the Limbo clones use all the techniques of the jutsu owner?
Who applies censorship on an ecchi anime?
What&#39;s the significance of apples in the OP?
Why is the childhood friend trope commonly seen in anime?
Is No Face from Spirited Away based on any traditional Japanese legends?
What happened to Berg Katze?
Why is &quot;Taisha&quot; written as &quot;general pardon&quot;?
What is this scene, where Akamatsu tells about his secret hiding place, a reference to?
How are Chaos;Head and Steins;Gate connected?
I can&#39;t remember the title of this manga. I read only the first chapter.
How can the man in the back see?
What is the relationship between Daedalus and Tomoki?
What are the names of these Characters?
Trying to figure out the name of a anime/manga I watched/read once a while back
What is this anime of a boy who is stranded on an all-girls island?
Who was Obito going to revive?
In the manga Black god, do Kuro and Keita fall in love?
Is there any explanation for &quot;Tequila&quot; in the Kuragehime eyecatch?
Who&#39;s Brook suppose to be in this image?
Why does Goku give up against Cell?
Is there any reliable source that explains the Tsugumi Ohba-Hiroshi Gamo pen name?
How exactly did Obito escape from Itachi&#39;s Amaterasu?
Is someone who wrote his name in the Death Note allowed to make the eye deal?
What is the actual color of the Rasengan?
Who is the seventh Shichibukai?
What was the name again of Kageyama&#39;s Senpai?
Can multiple people/animal eat a single devil fruit?
Why does Boa Hancock hate men?
Does the Akame Ga Kill! manga continue where the anime leaves off?
Why does Ichiko have terrible &quot;luck&quot; in her relationships?
Can&#39;t remember name of anime with incompetent protagonist finding a powerful robot
Did Sakura surpass Tsunade?
cant remember the name of this anime :/
What&#39;s this edited image with a man lying in bed and a spectre haunting him from?
Is Rui a boy or girl?
Why couldn&#39;t Puck land on Earth in his Kill-T-Gang form?
Why isn&#39;t Blackbeard dead?
Why did Kaoru&#39;s hair color change?
Why does Shinnosuke ask people if they like peppers?
A extremely lazy girl that goes to the barber
What are OVAs and how are they different from Specials?
Can&#39;t remember the name of an anime with a cool shark-looking dude
Vampire Anime atleast 5 years old
Is Gates a robot?
Please identify this anime from a fighting scene
Why was the Fifth Holy Grail War so early?
When does Brotherhood and the 2003 series split?
Who is this Male Character?
Manga/Anime of two female secret/military agents featuring countless upskirt moments
Looking for anime a sword, an axe and a bow activating robots
Where is the divergence in Fate/Apocrypha?
What does Ikumi mean by &quot;Sand that looks like it&#39;s from Koshien&quot;?
What is the name of the anime this pink shirted girl is from?
Why is it that almost every anime I watch is about School kids?
What is this monster collection anime with a kid that has a hammer-like weapon?
What is the first ever produced anime and manga?
The treasure in One Piece is at the end of the grand line. But isn&#39;t that the same as the beginning?
Where is this girl with red hair and a yellow jacket with a flower from?
Who is Ruby Rose&#39;s father?
What happens when two selectors have the same deck colour?
Girl with orange hair living in the countryside - name please!
What anime is this grey-haired character from?
Is one piece specify that how to insert haki in weapons
Can a Genjutsu awaken Mangekyou Sharingan?
Who was King Bradley supposed to be?
What is the range of Amaterasu?
Why did Cartoon Network never air the last four episodes of Zoids: Chaotic Century?
What does &#39;moe&#39; mean?
Can users exchange their Sharingan eyes?
Identify this image of a girl with red hair wearing a dog puppet
What anime could these two characters be from?
Why do Androids in Dragon Ball Z sometimes use cars?
Searching for a certain yaoi manga about a guy who takes in a boy
One shot identifying
Is there a reason for the sudden change in style in episode 11?
How come Mokarin&#39;s mom is so good with guns?
Is Platy really a Platypus?
Why are they trying to pass out Sugar instead of beating her into a pulp?
Name of anime where the winner of a competition would inherit the forest
What kind of sword did Assassin use?
Why is Kyoko not present in Madoka Magica&#39;s official artwork?
What episode and what chapter do Fullmetal Alchemist 2003 series and Fullmetal Alchemist Manga start to differ?
Who is this person with four eyes in OP song?
What happened with Kamisama Dolls?
Why can&#39;t Roy Mustang bring his eyes back using his gate?
Which yaoi anime are these characters from?
Why is there no official character song for Homura and Mami?
What kind of animation/drawing style is used on K-On! Ura-on?
Has there ever been an instance of an officially crowd-funded translation of a novel?
Trying to find name of anime about anti hero
Do family member&#39;s escape the Calamity if the student dies?
Can a Kage Bunshin make another Kage Bunshin?
Need help identifying school anime with short, blonde female character
What is the meaning of the cake song?
help me identify that manga other genre is school life. Please
Why didn&#39;t Pikachu evolve?
What did Team Rocket use to evolve Rhyhorn?
How does Jigglypuff not fall asleep from its own song?
Is it possible to cultivate Sharingans?
A romance anime where the girl eats a lot of food in order not to stand out
Why does the ground shake when titans walk?
While serving Hartgen, was Gillete brainwashed by magic or chemicals, or he was just in shock from the near death?
How does the memory wipe work in Gakuen Alice?
How does this calendar thing even work?
How strong is Owner Zeff?
Need help finding Beloved one shots
Yaoi about a rich boy and a commoner boy
What was the butcher&#39;s bill in the aftermath of the 1998 3-3 class&#39; calamity?
What memories Chaika Trabant lost when she killed her father?
What differentiates anime from regular cartoons?
Is Haku a man or a woman?
What does the seal on Meliodas&#39;s forehead mean? How did he get this seal?
Why is Moral holding a golden gun in Episode 7?
Was only Death Note Box Set 2 reprinted?
Why have people&#39;s wishes become so powerful after God vanished?
Is Heaven&#39;s Lost Property season 3 canceled or on hold?
Why didn&#39;t Krillin and Gohan store the Dragon balls in a capsule?
An anime about human protagonists travelling with monsters, among them are a blue wolf, and a big eye on a leg monster
What is a Junon Boy?
What is intended by a spiral on a character&#39;s finger and what is the origin of this trope?
What&#39;s the name of this anime with a girl protected by a red guy?
Which came first, the LRIG or the Selector?
Anime &amp; Manga affects sexual behavior?
In which episode do they say, that from the outside the straw-hats don&#39;t look like a team?
What Mangekyo Sharingan power does Itachi have?
Are there any prominent non-fan dubs of &quot;A Cruel Angel&#39;s Thesis&quot; in other languages?
I need help finding an anime with a black haired boy who always looks under a girl&#39;s skirt
What does &quot;DxD&quot; in &quot;Highschool DxD&quot; stand for?
What is the meaning of the title Trinity Seven?
What is this Geis from?
Looking for a horror manga I read some years ago
What is the difference between Lost Technica 《秘奥義【ロスト・テクニカ】》 and Last Crest 《魔道極法【ラスト・クレスト】》?
Why wasn&#39;t Hunter x Hunter chapter 350 released yet?
What is the significance of the asimov system?
What is noitaminA?
Why was the framerate so low in the first episode of Sidonia?
Why is Edward Newgate called Whitebeard?
What does it mean for animation to be done &quot;on ones&quot; or &quot;on twos&quot;?
What happened to Rin&#39;s Mana Compass?
What spelling is Caster using to refer to Joan?
What is canon in terms of Kotone&#39;s fate?
What was the purpose behind the personification of certain elements in The Wind Rises?
Why is Rider wearing Pants?
Cant remember Anime Title, Plz Help
Is Shanks Haki different from other users?
What is the target demographic of Yuki Yuna is a Hero?
Is Doraemon supposed to end in volume 6?
An anime aired on Cartoon Network about a boy who has a boomerang
Anime based in a computer game
Is there a (relatively) clear consensus for Hange Zoe&#39;s gender?
Why does Wrath want Ed&#39;s limbs?
Anime with a boy and a girl named Rukuna(i think) and they are called Justice Twins
What is the size of the crater left by the explosion in episode 26?
Can Tatsuya use Material Burst in the tactical/strategic scale without the third eye CAD?
Who is the snitch in Tantei Gakuen Q?
What manga is this picture from? If you can help thanks
Need help finding anime with woman having red tattoos on her torso
Anime about a woman that&#39;s hunting down a monster that consumed her brother and is consuming the world
What&#39;s so special about prince shotoku?
Whats the name of this horror anime
What song plays in episode 1 of One Piece at the 20 min mark?
Definition of a reverse trap
Is there a name to the art style used in No Game No Life?
What is the reference in the scene where the husband joke about naming children?
Which characters are featured in the Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood eyecatches?
Any credible news source of a Season 3 for Highschool DxD
What timeslips did Aoshima screw up to cause that snowball effect on later TSs?
wondering about the title of a manga with a demon wolf as the main character
In episode 1 of One Piece what is the song that play&#39;s at about the 20 min mark?
Does that weird translucent thing the girls wear serve any specific purpose?
Who killed Alice?
Do Emiya Shirou and Arturia ever meet again after Fate/stay night?
Naruto juubi&#39;s chakra
Does it make sense that Knuckle has a mascot as an emmitter?
Are Uchiha affected by Infinite Tsukuyomi
Looking for an anime with an impoverished town and abusive father
Do Akatsuki rings have abilities?
Is Lelouch&#39;s Geass limited in what it can tell people to do?
Why could the Tendo control the weather
Was Satou lying when he said that beheading robs an Ajin of his memories?
Do manga publishers accept mangas from multiple artists under one pen-name?
Manga about elementary tomboy girl who plays baseball?
Where can I find a list of recipes (and their directions) that were used in the manga?
Why most of the anime&#39;s field trip location is Kyoto?
Wouldn&#39;t Aether make humans sterile too?
What does the pink note left by Taiga say?
What happens if a person can&#39;t die of a heart attack?
Where does Little Red Riding Hood appear?
Why didn&#39;t the First and Second Hokage&#39;s fight with full power against the Third?
What do the runes that roll (while Connect plays) near the end of the second Madoka movie say?
Which manga is this from? It&#39;s not from the book it advertises
Piece of clothing Kakashi wears under his grey Anbu flack jacket
What happened to OD?
Is Takanashi Touka a chuunibyou?
Why couldn&#39;t the Dark Release: Inhaling Maw absorb Rasen Shuriken Technique ?
How do Logia powers work?
How did Ryuk trick the King of Death Gods?
Why are titans killing humans?
What is the reference in the scene where the husband says &quot;I don&#39;t mind at all&quot;?
Are there English dubbed animes on Crunchyroll?
What the anime in the gif
Why didn&#39;t Accelerator get sunburned after losing his vector shield?
Who is this character? - Japan Expo 2014
Who invented Rasengan, Jiraiya or Minato?
How did Ei Sei&#39;s mother, the Queen Mother, escape/get rescued from Zhao?
Level of power and abilities with promotion of pawn
What anime are these identical looking girls in bikinis from?
What anime is this video with a blonde girl talking to a brown-haired boy from?
What is the title of the song played in Sekaiichi Hatsukoi 2, episode 2?
Does anyone know this yaoi one-shot?
Why doesn&#39;t Ash Ketchum catch legendary Pok&#233;mon?
What, exactly, happened to Gamagoori/Jakuzure/Inumuta&#39;s uniforms during episode 19?
Why K9999 is almost identical to Tetsuo Shima?
When was the 23 day rule in Death Note revealed?
What is Chihiro&#39;s father eating?
What happened to the last two Bastard!! OVAs?
Is there more than 1 type of light novel in the Spice and Wolf series?
What exactly is a &quot;Light Novel&quot;?
Divergence numbers in logo: Steins;Gate easter egg?
How is Uub related to Maitibu?
How long was Saber waiting for Shirou after she died?
Where do the terms &quot;Law of Wheels/Cycles&quot; come from?
Need help finding anime about a cat that turned into a boy
What anime has a boy who lived in the country, came to learn swordsmanship in the city with a group of girls?
A manga about a loner guy that helps an animal girl
How powerful are Koharu Utatane and Homura Mitokado now?
Are Walls Maria/Rose/Sina the only Wall community in the world?
What is the name of the anime this pink-haired girl is from?
Who is that at the end of episode 2?
Does Izumi Shinichi&#39;s parasite suffer from a lack of power because of his injury?
How does Obito have two Sharingans if Madara took one?
What episode do Gintoki and Hijikata fight in a roof?
What is the anime name where the hero have to protect the world from demon?
A manga which cover has a girl with big eyes and a tall guy with longish hair
Does Konan have a theme song?
What is this manga with a girl shooting an arrow into a rice field called?
What&#39;s this character that always dies?
From which manga is this picture of a girl with bowties on her hair reading a book?
Why does Shichika allows for Princess Hitei to travel with him?
Why would 《 and 》 be used in a translation?
What&#39;s the tune that Noel is humming in Sora no Method?
Picture of a male character with gauntlet and sword and a female with red hair
What anime is this image with a bearded guy from?
Do I need a license to make a non-profit anime streaming site?
Juubi and Rikudou&#39;s brother?
Does an Oedipus the King manga actually exist?
Why did Kirito&#39;s coat change during Christmas?
What happened at the end of Fate/Zero?
what animes are those?
What is the relation between the Girls und Panzer manga and anime series?
Identification Request (Something about Santa, bad parents with pachinko, guy kidnapping a girl, selling something.)
Anime catgirl with a giant blade on her back and big chain on her neck
What Series is this game from?
Why do almost all anime series have a &quot;going to the beach&quot; episode?
Did Shouko retain The Sword in the Grand Route?
Where can I find spanish subtitles for Dragon Ball legally?
Why did Aoi-sensei expect Shouko to leave with Nami?
Does the Japanese The Last Mission DVD have English subtitles?
Where is Vampire Knight set?
How does one play Gungi?
Are these One Piece characters based on western children&#39;s story characters?
can&#39;t remember a anime on toonami from like 3 or 5 years ago
Can anyone tell me where this is from or if it is just art?
Madaras left eye
I need help finding this manga series?
I can&#39;t remember the name of a manga?
Can a death note have multiple owners?
1980s anime where the night is a flying creature
What happened to the punishment for stealing an S-Rank Quest?
Is Yun male or female?
What fruit did they use to bath?
Do we know anything about Obito&#39;s parents?
Why are the majority of characters named after car manufacturers?
What is this manga with Naruto, Luffy, Goku and Ichigo as characters?
What did the Sailor Moon reference mean?
Manga with students dressed in white and black and one guy wears grey
Does Spell Ranks have any numerical meaning to them?
How well did vampire knight sell?
Anime about Giant Mecha who pumps oil
What happen to Orochimaru and his team after the war ended?
Can someone explain to me what the Pair ingredient is in Toriko?
What part of manga is this on Dragonball? (NSFW)
What&#39;s the fate of the tailed beasts and Sasuke after chapter 698?
Why did they censor the word spam?
Does the White Album 2 anime share the same storyline as the visual novel?
Why is Touya hiding a phone call from Yuki?
Why did Kishi draw the One Piece symbol in the last page of the last chapter of Naruto?
Manga where a boy plays a virtual reality game and gets a dragon thats terrible but turns out to be good
Why did Guru come back to life?
Do we know what happens to Spike at the end of Cowboy Bebop?
Why do anime (in general) have do much time in between seasons
What is the name of this manga where the main character&#39;s father is killed and he is forbidden to practice swordsmanship?
Did Galileo recover from her eye injury?
Why/How does Eren remember how to activate his Titan power?
What is the &#39;thing&#39; that is located under the Fairy Tail basement?
What name of this manga with small headed people?
What is the name of this song from Sekaiichi Hatsukoi?
Why did the men and women in Vandread split up to begin with?
What was that mecha that involved riding the energy in the air?
Looking for an anime from around late 90s, main protagonist female
A world where people tried to obtain magical rings
What is the fate of Densuke at the end of the last episode?
What is the name of this anime with a guy pierced through the abdomen?
Music in the sixth episode of Sekai-ichi Hatsukoi?
An anime series I saw in the late 80&#39;s featuring a pig warrior
Where is this scene with a boy going through the woods and five raccoons appearing from?
In Naruto Shippuden, why does Sasuke become evil?
What is the name of the heroine in Amnesia?
Why can&#39;t all Level Ds drink blood from blood capsules?
In episode 4 of Golden Time is that the same Nana?
What happened at the end of the Anime/Manga Monster?
Does the Toradora Anime end at the same point as the Manga/Light Novel?
Anime with underground martial arts tournament
Need help identifying this manga- large guy helps out schoolgirl
Excalibur and Calibur in fate stay night, which one is King Arthur using in history?
Why couldn&#39;t Chiaki go to the future to get more time leaps?
Why did Heiji&#39;s mom have to lie to Mouri and Conan in Episode 220?
What happened between Kaoru-tan&#39;s father and Hajime-kun?
Anime with a character which from a cereal box
What happened to Mouri in Episode 219
How does one become a Wizard Saint?
How does Hisoka see Gon exactly? As a rival or as a toy to entertain himself?
What happens when a human saves another one with a death note?
Why don&#39;t Nobuchika Ginoza and Tomomi Masaoka share the same last name?
Why did they need to use an identikit to reproduce Makishima&#39;s face?
How similar is Hohenheim (FMA) to the real Hohenheim?
Is there a huge difference in the amount of male vs. female protagonists in anime and manga?
Who&#39;s the artist of the Oreimo&#39;s Suki Nandamon original edition theme song?
Do people who use the Death Note become Shinigami themselves?
Anime with a guy having a recurring dream about some sort of spaceship
What do Belken Devices say for &quot;load cartridge&quot;?
What happens to the lifespan not collected by Shinigami?
A manga with a guy like Saito from Zero no Tsukaima and a tsundere girl
Looking for a gif/anime featuring a spirit-priestess in a funny love setting
What&#39;s the name of Kuchiki Rukia&#39;s real parents?
Vanguard Ace, giant white robot, a giant green robot with spiked balls as fists and fire them on attached chains
What is the meaning of the Yellow balls in the second episode of Denki-Gai?
Why did the location change to &quot;Atlanta&quot; from &quot;Barcelona&quot;?
How much different are the live action and manga versions of &quot;Yamada-kun to 7-nin no Majo&quot;?
What anime is this hooded figure punching a guy from?
Where does Devil May Cry fit in?
Help me remember this movie that isn&#39;t Spirited Away
Why does Rudeus keep using Zariff’s Arm?
Should the name of the main character in the &quot;Fate Kaleid Liner&quot; be Illya or Ilya
What was Sora Iro no Tane advertising?
Manga about a rich guy buying a fairy
Anime about a girl named Rebecca/Rebeka and people around her
Anime in which a girls family is killed and there was a prophecy?
Anime with kawaii cat girl being patted
Are Free! and Haikyu!! related?
What is Patti&#39;s nickname?
What is this anime song?
Was Tomoyo in love with Sakura?
Which episodes are canon?
What&#39;s this manga with a boy pleading with a girl to let him kiss her?
Who were the people in Asuna&#39;s flashback in episode 18?
What is the power of Rinnegan?
Is Three some sort of priest?
How much of an influence/reference/relation Love Hina and Shakespeare was to Nisekoi?
What did Light write before killing Shibuimaru Takuo?
How do we know Gekko Moriah is human?
Is there an anime related to the story in the song Evil Servant
Are the dragon names based on anything?
What is being said during the Siege on Home?
What was it that Yevon did to the Al Bhed?
Why was Hideaki Anno picked to voice Jirou in The Wind Rises?
Is the manga Emma a retelling of Jane Austen&#39;s novel?
Why was the ending to the Arrancar arc so brief?
Was Hiyori based on Kaai Yuki?
How Genjutsu works?
Does Hisoka know Gon is Ging&#39;s son?
What/Where is The Morgue?
Where do &quot;fiends&quot; get their abnormal strength?
What exactly is a false minoshiro in Shinsekai Yori?
What kinds of companies/businesses do Suzuka&#39;s and Arisa&#39;s parents own?
Shisei&#39;s double irises
Running in animes
What is up with Tsukihi and Karen&#39;s boyfriends&#39; names?
Is the birthday of Fuuka Akitsuki known?
What happens in the end of Tokyo Ravens?
What happens to the beast knights&#39; animals after the ring holder dies?
Naruto, who married who?
Why do all dragon slayers have exceeds?
Can you extend your own life with the death note?
Why does Minori have a flower on her head?
Anime with a short-ish girl getting into a fight with two taller girls
How come nobody noticed Chapra&#39;s slave brand at the tournament?
How is Walpurgisnacht&#39;s appearance predicted?
What does Hana&#39;s middle initial stand for?
Can&#39;t remember the name of anime with short orange haired girl and brother sent to boarding school
Which chapters do I need to read of The World God Only Knows (Manga)?
When is Kirino Kousaka&#39;s birthday?
What&#39;s the name of the series where a guy transforms with a stake in his chest?
Why doesn&#39;t Infinite Tsukuyomi work on Tobirama Senju?
Why is Kitamura called &quot;Maruo&quot; by Kihara?
At the end of the Shaman Warrior manhwa, do Yaki and Horrakan die?
Did Hitoshi (alien-san) gain the ability to feel emotions at the end of the Kashimashi OVA?
An anime where a guy and a girl fighting at night and interrupted to be told they are going to marry each other
Who is the silver-haired girl from this picture?
What is Himeka Akishino&#39;s relation to Eita in Oreshura?
Why does Naruto have whisker marks?
What is this manhwa called?
How is Akai Ito the sister game to Aoishiro?
Is there any other studio that is known for a quirk like how Shaft has its famous head tilt?
Who tried to sue the author of Hayate no Gotoku, and when?
What anime is this girl(holding double swords) from?
Where did Gary get these badges from?
Was Rem&#39;s warning fake?
When would Sakamichi no Apollon have taken place?
Which came first, The Blitzball Sign for Victory or the Yevon Prayer?
How did Alphonse recover his pre-gate memories?
Searching for an anime from 2000-2002
Is Genshiken Second Generation a remake?
Is there a way to kill Shinigamis with a death note?
What are the words and meaning that compose the title of Glasslip?
Anime with a girl with powers, a robot, vampires and werewolves
Dragonball: What killed Broly for good?
What kind of fighting style does Neo use?
How can Colonel Mustang create his flame alchemy differently?
Do the Madoka OST CDs have sensible musical notation printed on them?
What would cause an anime series to be transferred to another studio?
Manga about a student having nightmares
Other than Madara, who among the Uchiha Clan possesses or successfully awaken the Rinnegan?
Can a Rinnegan user use Mangekyou abilities?
What is the theme of Glasslip anime?
Did Kakeru stay, left to travel abroad, or really there is no closure by design, at the end of Glasslip?
Why does Konoha have only 1 tailed beast?
What happens when a Contractor fails to pay their remuneration?
In what episode of Brotherhood does Envy die?
How did the shipwright Tom get the blueprints to the Pluton?
Anime about a guy who is defended by a girl who was a cat
Is Nasu a woman?
What&#39;s the story behind Erik Dommel&#39;s kid?
Old VHS anime with a girl with a star on her face
Looking for the name of an anime with three brothers known as &quot;the tiger brothers&quot;
Manga with a red big ball-like character with a chain
Why did Kirito toss the sword away in episode 17 of the second season?
Why was Yui&#39;s Heart the only SAO item to work in Alfheim Online?
When did Victoria Seras figure out she can make her blood do things?
A anime/manga where a blonde girl walks to the bus stop with her skirt caught in her panties
Why is Kazami Yuuji nicknamed &quot;Juicy Yuuji&quot;?
What is the title of this song on the Pupa OST?
Why do Kagura and Yomi from Ga-Rei show up in Tokyo ESP?
Need Help re - finding this revenge manga - man family get killed by best friend and his arms cut off
Anime movie about a guy going to hell and being reborn as a boy in middle/highschool
Why is there a 14th Noah?
An anime about two demons being teleported from medieval time to future
Why Mayumi wears a sailor uniform, different than the other girls, if they are in the same class for such a long time?
What is exactly a void?
An old anime with a scene of a young man struggling to reach the top of a glass staircase
How many different mental states of Banri are there in Golden Time?
What is the software to create this type of anime?
Why is most anime centered on fighting?
When did Koko&#39;s mirror end up in Banri&#39;s stuff?
What really happened in the bridge sequence in the final episode of Golden Time?
Why didn&#39;t Itachi choose to live an immortal life?
Do we ever see the Senshi de-transform?
What is this show about girls that use &quot;spirits&quot; to fight?
Where is this gif of a one-winged woman transforming from?
How is Solomon&#39;s Wisdom acquired?
What is this guy with a cross scar on his left cheek reference of?
Do we know Kyon&#39;s real name?
Why do some English Dubs leave untranslated Japanese Text?
What manga is this spit-take panel from?
Anime white hair girl with red hood or scarf?
What happened to the Ring of Andvari?
yuri manga of school girls
What are the &quot;tentacles&quot; coming out of people&#39;s heads?
Did the Shinsekai Yori anime cover all of the material in the light novel?
Did Walter become Millennium&#39;s servant by choice?
Who was the Supporter of the Sele&#231;&#227;o in Eden of the East?
What anime is this child from?
Where did these songs appear in Black Rock Shooter?
Kirino&#39;s Octopus plushie
Is Doflamingo really dead?
A manga about a boy swapping phone with a girl to meet her again
Why did Saki&#39;s cantus arrive late?
Is this picture from an Anime or just art?
Anime with girls fighting on a ring
Where can I find a wig for Clannad?
How did Rock Lee pass the academy test?
Looking for an anime about aliens wearing suits invading
What anime is this costume from?
What anime is this picture of a girl in black with a rifle from?
Anime with something like &quot;dynasty&quot; and &quot;warriors&quot;
How/when did Van Hohenheim change his name?
Can&#39;t remember comic book name
How did Orochimaru turn Jugo&#39;s ability into the curse mark?
Learning instant transmission
What could be Hashirama&#39;s age when they formed village?
Why did Vali joined the Chaos Brigade?
Anime from a long time ago!
How can a Shinigami drop its eyeballs?
What happened to Sakura?
Help? I have no idea who this is off of which anime
What is the name of this anime/hentai?
What manga chapter does Gokukoku No Brynhildr anime end on?
Job request in Fairy Tail untouched for hundreds of episodes
Is Brook able to drown?
What exactly is the technique Madara uses to control Obito?
Is there a reason Yato couldn&#39;t summon Nora so Rabo would be weaponless in the final battle of Noragami?
Does Killua have a crush on Gon?
Did Jiraiya teach Minato the summoning technique?
Have there been any anime with actual product placement?
What did the letter really say?
Where do fans exchange info about anime/manga merchandise for sale?
Is Souichiro Tatebayashi the foster father of Saori Himemiya?
need help finding anime series
How Can so many weapons from Saito&#39;s world exist in Halkeginia?
List of official anime releases
Why is it called Dramatical Murder?
Need help remembering the name of an anime
Is there a way to give up ownership of the death note without losing the shingami eyes?
What happened to Kaiki in Monogatari Series?
What is the name of this rap being sung in the background of music?
How did Desco get to the Netherworld?
How does the plot of Elfen Lied anime differ from the manga?
What is this manga about a boy that&#39;s good at fixing stuffed animals?
Is there any in-universe reason why the Sailor Senshi aren&#39;t affected by the citywide energy drain?
Where can I find mecha schematics?
Why doesn&#39;t Trunks sense Cell when Cell uses Solar Flare just before absorbing android 18?
Which anime are these gifs from?
An anime on Cartoon Network in 2001 about a teenage schoolgirl with magical creature
When was Kite shown as a little girl?
Can Madara be killed with a Death Note?
What is Naruto&#39;s age?
What is the chronological order of Higurashi no Naku Koro ni?
What Subject does the Iron Bracelet use?
Are the OVA of Baka and Test more closely related to the Manga/Light Novels than the first season
Is Kayaba&#39;s Admin Account a part of The Seed Nexus?
Why does damaging something sometimes make it more powerful?
Where does the Heavens Lost Property anime split from the manga
Where does &quot;Tagoya&quot; come from?
Is it possible for one Master to have multiple Servants?
Was death note supposed to end at episode 25/chapter 58?
Anime Theme Song?
Is Keiko Numata&#39;s backstory the same in the anime as it is in the the novel?
Naruto&#39;s surname confusion
How different are the Index light novels from the manga/anime?
Does anyone know which manga this image comes from?
What is the difference between a regular wall and the wall Kakashi summoned?
Which anime has a girl with spider-shaped music box which is worn as a necklace?
How much of the manga does the Knights of Sidonia anime cover?
What anime is this person saying they don&#39;t like their body from?
Identification of anime series about priestess from Rome who fights vampires
What is the name of this manga with a beautiful girl?
Shoujo identification manga
Can Pokemon aside from Meowth learn how to talk?
Can the Titans swim?
How does Trigun Maximum relate to its predecessors, the Trigun anime and manga?
Can you protect People with the Death Note by writing their name in it?
What is Alluka&#39;s Gender Hunter x Hunter 2011
Anime with blonde haired girl walking along edge of a cliff
Looking for manga in which the main character consists of heads only
In which episode is this scene with two Zoros?
Where does the term &quot;waifu&quot; come from?
Which ending/route does Aoi Shiro - Kaeishou adapt?
What manga is this cat girl from?
From which anime is this military girl?
How could Kakashi use Susanoo?
Who was the man that Suitengu called Master?
Please help identify this image of two girls in black clothing (kimono &amp; school uniform)
Help identifying an anime I watched a while ago (I believe between 2003-2006)
How do the magical girls match up to their prefecture?
Is Ryuk the only one who can kill Light?
What anime is this girl with silver hair from?
How can Nami&#39;s punches hurt Luffy so much?
Which anime is this image of a boy with devil ears and a girl with light coloured-hair from?
Which episode of Sailor Moon is this scene from?
What&#39;s the proper reading order for the manga in the Steins;Gate series?
Please help identifying anime I watched approx. 8 years ago
Were the Twelve Kingdoms/Juuni Kokuki novels ever finished?
Cannot remember name of manga about a girl that protects other girls
What happens if Holo eats all the Wheat?
What is the name of the character who always smiles but could not express any other emotion in the anime &quot;monster&quot;?
What anime is this girl with two ponytails facing a cat from?
From what anime is this picture from?
Why is the anime called Fruits Basket?
anime about a girl in future tokyo with scientific father
Old Manga that i saw in a barber shop, might be seinen fantasy
What anime is this blue eyed girl drawing a sword from?
What is this Doraemon episode called?
Help identify manga based on Irish mythology
What is the name of the song that plays when Luffy defeats Bilic in the &quot;Special Episode of Luffy?&quot;
Mutant Fish Girl Anime Movie
Why is Erza able to feel pain during Kyouka&#39;s fight?
Are the female appearing ants female?
Why Subaru Konoe was transferred into Kureha&#39;s class?
Is The Legend of Korra anime?
Why is &quot;Puella Magi&quot; equivalent to &quot;Mahou Shoujo&quot;
Finding the name of a show that has elemental powers
What is the text before the OP in episode 9 talking about?
Are there any sources for high resolution (digital) manga?
Help me find this anime movie, it&#39;s stuck in my mind
Why does Nemo call himself the last of the Atlanteans?
What song is Kyoko dancing to in Puella Magi / Mahou Shoujo Madoka Magica?
What does this Sheep represent here?
Why do they call their Sensei by his given name?
How to differentiate Nekomimi from Inumimi?
anime where motorcycle becomes part of mecha
What is a Maestro?
What does the text at the entrance mean?
Whats this manga about fairy make up?
What anime or manga is image of a girl facing a tiger from?
What manga chapter does the Hunter x Hunter 2011 anime end on?
What philosophical concepts and/or authors are referenced in the series?
Why does Eimu wear a different uniform?
Why do rich people laugh like they do in anime?
In Epiode 378 of One Piece, what is the first song that Brook played?
About the industry: How much does it cost to license a manga outside of Japan?
What&#39;s this anime with a girl holding a sword?
What exactly is the Susano&#39;o technique?
Looking for an old anime with an evil witch, wizard and an apprentice
What music was Kousei playing in the first episode?
Is this a manga/anime/light novel?
Why did Light want to kill Near?
What is the opposite of &quot;seme&quot; according to otakus?
How did Kuroko&#39;s vanishing drive affect Momoi?
Trying to remember a possible Sci Fi Anime/Movie
Requirements to be an Anbu Black Op
What chapter is the episode 381 of Naruto Shippuden
Can someone own multiple death notes?
Does any one have the source of this?
Who was the first seiyuu?
How do the women of Amazon Lily reproduce?
Is there any relation between hair style and character&#39;s personalities?
Is Kafuka Fuura even in the class?
What happened to Maria and Mamoru?
Where do they get fuel for the tank?
Are the Iris&#39;s the same person?
What anime is this from?
Looking for a lost anime
What is Kurumi&#39;s Gender?
What is the name of this anime with warring schools of magic?
Why was Hamaji bleeding?
Where in the timeline of SAO did the battle vs. Laughing Coffin occur?
Who are these characters in the bookstore?
What&#39;s with this face in Nichijou?
Do publishers pick certain seasons for a show to be published?
What happened to the outside world in Danganronpa?
Manga anthology of fairy tale-style stories?
Was Tokugawa Ieyasu a fake?
Was Meido actully talking about Kyokutei Bakin work?
Cannot remember the name of the anime about kids and their knights
I hope to watch an anime I know of but I forget the name
Why there are some American movie characters on the Tokyo ESP anime?
What are the answers to the riddles?
What is the Toaru Kagaku no Railgun manga release schedule?
How come Alphonse can do alchemy in Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood?
Why can Sailor Pluto be away from the Space-Time Door starting in S season?
An anime in in late &#39;90s/early 2000&#39;s
How can CP9 members and Sanji run in the air?
Old drama anime about a dog and a kid
How can Enel reach the moon?
What anime is this picture of a horse pulling on a white-haired girl’s stocking from?
Difference Between Limited Edition and Standard Edition
How did Skill &quot;survive&quot;?
An Anime movie with siblings named as the star or moon sisters?
How exactly did Madara get Hashirama&#39;s power?
Cowboy Bebop: Connection between anime and movie
Does anyone know who this red-haired girl with a bandana is?
Can anybody tell me the name of an old anime based on this opening scene
Why can Najenda have two Teigu?
Anime where a black haired male character with a white scarf stands in front of what looks like a cherry blossom tree
Who are the &quot;black&quot; and &quot;white&quot; characters?
Manga about a girl who has to work in a kimono shop to repay spilling coffee on an expensive kimono
Why is Rider called &quot;Iskander&quot; instead of &quot;Alexander&quot;?
What are the differences of Near in the manga version
What exactly is Nanoha&#39;s &quot;dead&quot; expression?
Which philosopher was Jonathan named after?
How many classes of dangerous beast in Akame ga Kill?
Older anime about a gruesome prophecy that needed to be fulfilled
What is the typical equipment/clothing for a Soul Reaper?
Are The God Cards stronger than Number Cards?
What is the name of the anime that has a guy with multiple personalities?
Why Didn&#39;t/Couldn&#39;t Kabuto Bring Orochimaru Back?
what anime is this? a girl with black hair and black eyes and a pc
Why do Jinchuuriki die when their biju are extracted?
What was the apocalypse that preceeded Sora no Woto?
Which anime/s are in this gif?
Please help identifying this anime(Picture attached)
Anime where people get attacked on the train on their way to court
What anime is this character from?
What&#39;s this manga with a girl with a moon-shaped scar?
In Mirai Nikki, what happens if your phone turns off?
Looking for a manga with a boy who has leukaemia
Why did Homura turn into a witch?
What are the meaning behind the operation names in Steins;Gate?
I&#39;m searching for an anime from the 90s/2000
What dance is the battle between Lucciola and Cicada based on?
Why do the senshi get a manicure before they get gloves?
Where is it mentioned the Accelerator&#39;s Vector Transformation works on all 11 dimensions?
What&#39;s this anime on the DVD cover in part of this photo?
How is Misaka&#39;s railgun so destructive?
Why is &quot;Make Up&quot; the transformation keyword used by the Sailor Senshi?
What&#39;s this anime with a boy who wants to join the army?
Who is Macaroon?
Hellsing Ultimate music theme in episode 8
What&#39;s this anime with pink-haired and blonde girls?
What anime is this dakimakura from?
What is the purpose of the Human Instrumentality Project?
Which Trinity Universe Characters belong with each developer?
Is Ar no Surge related to Ar Tonelico?
Did Kirei know about Kiritsugu&#39;s Origin Bullet, or was he just lucky?
Manga about two students dating who don&#39;t love each other
Female mecha who was turned into a maid when war is over
Does Captain Earth borrow elements from Gurren Lagann?
Are anime that air before a manga adaptation considered filler anime?
What&#39;s this manga with girl who does household chores and a guy in piercings and tattoos outside of school?
Who is this mystery girl with blue hair?
Did Daichi and Hana survive?
Who is the other asteroid head in the end credits?
From which anime is this character?
How many nations are there in the Naruto universe?
What is up with the pattern on the fence?
Which one has the &quot;Telepathic Kiss&quot; power: Hana or Daichi?
Why does Yamada always say her name?
In which Gundam series does Heroo Yuy appear?
Do we know how old Kakashi is?
What&#39;s the basis for the gender of Black Hanekawa as reported on the wikia?
What did Hisoka do in the Hunter Exam?
How could Madara free himself from the Impure World Resurrection technique, while Tobirama can&#39;t?
What&#39;s the name of this anime to do with a Chinese dragon and kids going missing?
Does anybody know this one-shot school romance manga?
What is the meaning of Brook&#39;s 45 degrees technique?
What is the significance of Koizumi noticing Kyon&#39;s mole?
Manga in which the protagonist can enter stories
Is One Week Friends manga still on going?
What&#39;s the title of this OST from Sekaiichi Hatsukoi 2?
How much of the manga does One Week Friends cover?
What does Jojo&#39;s Bizarre Adventure have so many English references?
Why didn&#39;t Sugu recognize Kirito in ALO
Why is Madara supposedly dead?
Where does the anime leave off in the manga?
How did Zatch lose his memory
Why was 4th Hokage chosen when the 3rd was still alive and capable?
A manga about a boy and co. using their power to open blue portal to fight against robot-like aliens
How many sets of armor does Erza have?
Need help remembering an anime movie in the 90s
Can someone explain the term &quot;oranyan&quot;?
How many magicians quit after the 7-year time skip?
What are the differences between the original and the re-cut versions of Psycho-Pass?
Why are the shounen lead protagonists usually shown to be stupid?
Why wasn&#39;t Byro&#39;s magic working on the new Oracion Seis?
Did Rogue and Gajeel ever meet before the Tournament?
How is a guild mark removed?
Does Akito the Exiled have anything to do with Code Geass?
Who is the trainer with Typhlosion?
Why didn&#39;t Yukikaze vanish?
Was there ever a Pokemon game based off the Orange Islands?
Why does the first Season of Naruto have different Openings at the same time?
Who are the sibling groups in this picture?
I am looking for this yaoi manga
Is Lelouch alive or dead?
Death Note, Die Eaten by a Sea Monster
What is the name of the Manga which featured this redheaded girl from a magazine cover?
Does tanuki hot pot actually exist?
Why didn&#39;t the Kill-T-Gang drain (and kill) Akari&#39;s Libido during the Oberon&#39;s battle?
How did Kirito&#39;s Illusion actually kill?
Is it ever stated who the disappearing applicant was?
What anime name are these two characters lying in the grass from?
why is Benten the way she is?
Why does Zankyou no Terror&#39;s OP end with a disclaimer?
What is the name of the anime where a girl confronts a guy about him putting up with everything?
Who is this guy with grey hair and white circle eyes?
Why does Kakashi Hatake always wear a mask?
What&#39;s this manga with a boy and girl talking during a snowy day?
What&#39;s this anime with a boy with very pale-coloured hair and a dark jacket?
What anime is this guy from? He has brown hair and is wearing a school uniform
Looking for anime where girl jumps off building with a rod, telling it to transform
Exceed rank 8, 9, and 11
Why is Haruhi Suzumiya considered shonen?
Is Minato a Jinchuuriki?
Anime in &#39;90s where the main character transforms into red armor with a magical silver box
Is kuroneko from Oreimo considered dandere?
Why is the series named this way?
What anime are these pictures of two magenta-haired and blonde girls from?
When did a Celestial enter Tiz?
What&#39;s the purpose of tobi trying to send Minato to Kamui&#39;s dimension
Does Naruto have the potential to be as powerful as Kaguya Ōtsutsuki?
What was changed when Tokyo Mew Mew was translated to English?
What convinced Saber to destroy the Holy Grail in the Unlimited Blade Works movie?
Regarding Shirou and Kiritsugu&#39;s attempt to destroy the grail
What happened to Lupin?
When did BlackStar and Tsubaki swap?
Why can&#39;t Rock Lee use ninjutsu or genjutsu?
Why is the new series called 2014?
Why don&#39;t Araragi and Senjougahara call each other by their given names?
A scifi anime about a villian with a shark like face?
What is Juha Bach&#39;s motivation?
Girl in a very short white skirt - what anime is this?
Death Note: Old age as cause of death?
What manga is this magical girl on a plane from?
Is the anime called &quot;Working!!&quot; or &quot;Wagnaria!!&quot;?
Is there any meaning behind Zorro&#39;s headband?
Why did Lucy of future not know of the solution she wrote?
Under what Touge rules did Project D race against Purple Shadow?
Manga about a boy who works at the host club
Why does Sailor Moon Crystal not air weekly?
How did Tepei draw his Livlaster without anyone noticing?
Why did the Tree of Beginnings turn people into Iron?
Why does Ganta have hexagons around his blast?
What is the cover of Reset! Chapter 2 a reference to?
Need help identifying anime show
Help me find this anime with a red haired character who has a tattoo on their forehead
What game are Mio and Yuko playing on the train?
What&#39;s the range of a witch&#39;s barrier?
What anime is this girl with a black hat and a purple jacket from?
What differentiates anime from regular cartoons?
Why are the protagonists generally seated by the window?
What&#39;s the difference between the FMA and FMA Brotherhood series?
Do people in the anime or manga actually eat Pokemon?
The treasure in One Piece is at the end of the grand line. But isn&#39;t that the same as the beginning?
What is the purpose of characters shouting the name of their attack?
Does the &quot;bloody nose&quot; trope necessarily imply a sexual situation?
Why do ninjas run with their hands at the back?
What happens when Naruto is talking to the Kyuubi?
What does &#39;moe&#39; mean?
Why is Edward Newgate called Whitebeard?
When and where does Attack on Titan take place?
Is Pikachu on a diet?
Is No Face from Spirited Away based on any traditional Japanese legends?
Is Fullmetal Alchemist based on Nazi Germany?
What are Type A and Type B viewers?
What databases and listing sites exist for anime, manga, etc?
When and why did the trend of 1:30-long openings and endings begin?
Cicadas in anime: what is their purpose?
Can I increase my lifespan by killing myself using the Death Note?
Why do some anime in Japanese contain English?
Is Ditto a Failed Mew Clone?
Why are tentacles prevalent in anime?
How is Misaka&#39;s railgun so destructive?
Why does Ryuk love apples?
Why do anime/manga characters have big eyes?
What are the differences between visual novel, eroge, gal game, and a dating sim?
Do we know what happens to Spike at the end of Cowboy Bebop?
How is it possible that Kanade has Otonashi&#39;s heart?
Why do airing shows have times listed beyond a 24-hour clock?
Do people who use the Death Note become Shinigami themselves?
How does the plot of Elfen Lied anime differ from the manga?
What is the purpose of the Human Instrumentality Project?
What is the difference between an OVA and an OAV?
Has an anime ever come out before the manga was published?
Why do many characters tend to have crazy hair colors and styles?
Why is &quot;I won&#39;t forgive you&quot; a commonly used threat?
How do anime productions arrange for artists to do the end card illustrations?
Where does the term &quot;waifu&quot; come from?
What does the &#39;D&#39; stand for in all the names?
In what order should I watch the Ghost in the Shell series?
What exactly happens to a Titan&#39;s body after it is killed?
How did the sweatdrop originate?
Why was The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya broadcast out of sequence?
How much is One Piece&#39;s currency worth?
How similar is alchemy in FMA to the real alchemy?
What does Kirito say at the end of SAO?
What happens at the end of CLANNAD: After Story?
What kinds of activities can be found in a Manga/Anime Club?
Why do I have to light up the room before watching anime?
How does the automail work?
How are Chaos;Head and Steins;Gate connected?
What rank does Edward Elric hold?
What do the black and red scenes mean?
Why are most people in anime white or European-looking (instead of Japanese)?
Do anime tend to lose money?
Why does an alchemist need a transmutation circle?
Why does the Death Note never run out of pages?
Was Lelouch the person driving the cart in the last scene of Code Geass R2?
Which episodes of Bleach are filler?
Who kissed Ash at the the end of Pok&#233;mon Heroes?
How did Goten and Trunks become Super Sayajin without any trouble?
What is the significance of the name Bleach?
What is the first ever produced anime and manga?
Is there a connection between the Eye of God from Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood and the Rinnegan from Naruto?
Who writes the plot for filler episodes in an anime?
How much is sixty billion double dollars worth?
Why do characters often pull down one eyelid and stick out their tongue?
Why was Ed&#39;s arm strong but Al&#39;s body not?
How many times has the original Nine Tails attack been flashed back?
What would happen if a Shinigami with exceedingly long life-span dies for a human?
Are anime and manga subsidized or actively used by Japanese government to promote Japanese culture/relations internationally?
Why can&#39;t Pan go Super Saiyan?
Who is Kenshin based on?
Has the &quot;It&#39;s over 9000!&quot; meme spread back to Japan?
Why do some Sharingan eyes have unique Mangekyou abilities?
In Neon Genesis Evangelion, why are Angels attacking?
How can Haku perform hand seals with only one hand?
How true is the Lavender Town Syndrome?
What is the origin of the title &quot;Ghost in the Shell&quot;?
Why does Kakashi Hatake always wear a mask?
Who is Saber extending her hand to in the ED of Carnival Phantasm?
Why couldn&#39;t Chiaki go to the future to get more time leaps?
What&#39;s the significance of revealing a character&#39;s blood type?
How does Charmander breathe fire?
How much does a typical anime episode or series cost to make?
Have there been any anime with actual product placement?
Why do the giants in Shingeki no Kyojin start to look like the characters that got eaten?
What does this Death Note rule regarding visual acuity mean?
Why the popularity of German?
What is up with the pattern on the fence?
Why is &quot;Shingeki no Kyojin&quot; translated as &quot;Attack on Titan&quot;?
Who the hell is Truth?
What are the PVP rules in the Sword Art Online MMORPGs?
Why does Naruto have a catch phrase?
Is there any way to kill Alucard?
What is the origin of this facial expression with one&#39;s tongue sticking out?
Where did Gary get these badges from?
What manga is this image with a depressed girl from?
Would a water manipulating Devil Fruit user be able to swim?
What differentiates anime from regular cartoons?
Why are the protagonists generally seated by the window?
What&#39;s the difference between the FMA and FMA Brotherhood series?
Do people in the anime or manga actually eat Pokemon?
The treasure in One Piece is at the end of the grand line. But isn&#39;t that the same as the beginning?
What is the purpose of characters shouting the name of their attack?
Does the &quot;bloody nose&quot; trope necessarily imply a sexual situation?
Why do ninjas run with their hands at the back?
What happens when Naruto is talking to the Kyuubi?
What does &#39;moe&#39; mean?
Why is Edward Newgate called Whitebeard?
When and where does Attack on Titan take place?
Is Pikachu on a diet?
Is No Face from Spirited Away based on any traditional Japanese legends?
Is Fullmetal Alchemist based on Nazi Germany?
What are Type A and Type B viewers?
What databases and listing sites exist for anime, manga, etc?
When and why did the trend of 1:30-long openings and endings begin?
Cicadas in anime: what is their purpose?
Can I increase my lifespan by killing myself using the Death Note?
Why do some anime in Japanese contain English?
Is Ditto a Failed Mew Clone?
Why are tentacles prevalent in anime?
How is Misaka&#39;s railgun so destructive?
Why does Ryuk love apples?
Why do anime/manga characters have big eyes?
What are the differences between visual novel, eroge, gal game, and a dating sim?
Do we know what happens to Spike at the end of Cowboy Bebop?
How is it possible that Kanade has Otonashi&#39;s heart?
Why do airing shows have times listed beyond a 24-hour clock?
Do people who use the Death Note become Shinigami themselves?
How does the plot of Elfen Lied anime differ from the manga?
What is the purpose of the Human Instrumentality Project?
What is the difference between an OVA and an OAV?
Has an anime ever come out before the manga was published?
Why do many characters tend to have crazy hair colors and styles?
Why is &quot;I won&#39;t forgive you&quot; a commonly used threat?
How do anime productions arrange for artists to do the end card illustrations?
Where does the term &quot;waifu&quot; come from?
What does the &#39;D&#39; stand for in all the names?
In what order should I watch the Ghost in the Shell series?
What exactly happens to a Titan&#39;s body after it is killed?
How did the sweatdrop originate?
Why was The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya broadcast out of sequence?
How much is One Piece&#39;s currency worth?
How similar is alchemy in FMA to the real alchemy?
What does Kirito say at the end of SAO?
What happens at the end of CLANNAD: After Story?
What kinds of activities can be found in a Manga/Anime Club?
Why do I have to light up the room before watching anime?
How does the automail work?
How are Chaos;Head and Steins;Gate connected?
What rank does Edward Elric hold?
What do the black and red scenes mean?
Why are most people in anime white or European-looking (instead of Japanese)?
Do anime tend to lose money?
Why does an alchemist need a transmutation circle?
Why does the Death Note never run out of pages?
Was Lelouch the person driving the cart in the last scene of Code Geass R2?
Which episodes of Bleach are filler?
Who kissed Ash at the the end of Pok&#233;mon Heroes?
How did Goten and Trunks become Super Sayajin without any trouble?
What is the significance of the name Bleach?
What is the first ever produced anime and manga?
Is there a connection between the Eye of God from Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood and the Rinnegan from Naruto?
Who writes the plot for filler episodes in an anime?
How much is sixty billion double dollars worth?
Why do characters often pull down one eyelid and stick out their tongue?
Why was Ed&#39;s arm strong but Al&#39;s body not?
How many times has the original Nine Tails attack been flashed back?
What would happen if a Shinigami with exceedingly long life-span dies for a human?
Are anime and manga subsidized or actively used by Japanese government to promote Japanese culture/relations internationally?
Why can&#39;t Pan go Super Saiyan?
Who is Kenshin based on?
Has the &quot;It&#39;s over 9000!&quot; meme spread back to Japan?
Why do some Sharingan eyes have unique Mangekyou abilities?
In Neon Genesis Evangelion, why are Angels attacking?
How can Haku perform hand seals with only one hand?
How true is the Lavender Town Syndrome?
What is the origin of the title &quot;Ghost in the Shell&quot;?
Why does Kakashi Hatake always wear a mask?
Who is Saber extending her hand to in the ED of Carnival Phantasm?
Why couldn&#39;t Chiaki go to the future to get more time leaps?
What&#39;s the significance of revealing a character&#39;s blood type?
How does Charmander breathe fire?
How much does a typical anime episode or series cost to make?
Have there been any anime with actual product placement?
Why do the giants in Shingeki no Kyojin start to look like the characters that got eaten?
What does this Death Note rule regarding visual acuity mean?
Why the popularity of German?
What is up with the pattern on the fence?
Why is &quot;Shingeki no Kyojin&quot; translated as &quot;Attack on Titan&quot;?
Who the hell is Truth?
What are the PVP rules in the Sword Art Online MMORPGs?
Why does Naruto have a catch phrase?
Is there any way to kill Alucard?
What is the origin of this facial expression with one&#39;s tongue sticking out?
Where did Gary get these badges from?
What manga is this image with a depressed girl from?
Would a water manipulating Devil Fruit user be able to swim?
What type of Sage mode does Hashirama enter?
How long is the longest running anime series?
In Fullmetal Alchemist, what does a State Alchemist&#39;s pocket watch do?
Do we know how Senju Hashirama died?
Anime for colorblind people?
How are &quot;A Certain Magical Index&quot; and &quot;A Certain Scientific Railgun&quot; connected?
How do alchemists draw transmutation circles?
Why could the dragon not bring back Goku after he fought Frieza?
What is the formal term for energy in Dragon Ball Z?
Couldn&#39;t Misa have told Kira L&#39;s life span?
Why does anime usually air at night in Japan?
Why do anime discs cost so much in Japan compared to other countries?
Why are manga black and white?
How recent is the snaggletooth trope?
Do ninja clan have to keep relations only within the clan to ensure the inheritance of abilities
What are the cats watching?
How did the birds come back to life when Envy arrived?
From where did the concept of multiple endings originate?
Were the other trainers from Pallet town ever revealed?
About the industry: How much does it cost to license a manga outside of Japan?
Why do guys in anime often lack nipples?
Who are all the girls fawning over Araragi?
If there&#39;s only one of each fruit, how could Blackbeard recognize the &quot;Dark Dark&quot; fruit?
What do the Runes say in Madoka?
What Bankais exist within Soul Society?
Who died first? H&#228;nsel or Gretel?
What happened at the end of the Anime/Manga Monster?
Are tsundere/yandere/kuudere unisexual terms?
Why doesn&#39;t Greed harden fully?
What is the tradition behind having magic come from eyes?
How much broadcast time did it take for Planet Namek to blow up?
How does Jigglypuff not fall asleep from its own song?
How are the themes and songs picked for a particular series?
What are the notable differences between Hunter x Hunter in 1999 vs 2011?
How was Aku no Hana&#39;s rotoscoping received by other animators?
What happened to Misa Amane in the last episode?
How were the walls in Attack on Titan built?
Are the moon and the sun alive?
What should a university-level course about manga and anime culture cover as part of its curriculum?
Why does the ground shake when titans walk?
Why is there consistent seasonal variability in the quality of anime?
Movie about monsters that turn to trash during the day!
What is the meaning of the phrase at the end of the last Cowboy Bebop episode?
What are the differences between Ash and Red?
What references to psychology exist in Evangelion?
Why does censorship level differ between manga and anime?
How popular is One Piece in Japan?
Why are the shounen lead protagonists usually shown to be stupid?
How is the passage of time handled in Pokemon?
Who is this man whose face appears randomly?
Where do the Naruto movies fall in the timeline?
How common is it for men to voice women?
Why is the Tiger/German Suplex wrestling move so popular among anime culture?
Where did the mecha genre originate from in Japan?
How similar is Hohenheim (FMA) to the real Hohenheim?
Why are the faces of dead people whited-out in photographs?
What is the relation between the flowers and the heroines in ED sequence of Photokano?
Apart from Togepi and Ho-oH, What out-of-season pokemon have there been?
What series was Tomoko talking about?
Why did Ichigo use his final move?
Why does text in anime read horizontally?
How did the Female Titan cut Eren&#39;s titan form?
What do the parenthesized numbers in the [color] Scenes mean?
What are the legality rules in terms of manga translations?
What MMOs influence Sword Art Online and Log Horizon?
Need help identifying a manga/manwa (School, supernatural, fighting, aikido, gem stones, diamond)
Death Note, Die Eaten by a Sea Monster
About the artworks used in the Elfen Lied opening scenes (contains nudity)
Why does Satsuki address everyone using &quot;kisama&quot;?
A manga with a manatee-like creature which turns into a power suit on the person it swallows
Why is SSJ3 shown as tiresome to maintain, but SSJ4 does not?
Why are only some of the references censored in Lucky Star
What is the difference between doujinshi and manga?
Why does Himura Kenshin say ～ござる (~gozaru) at end of every sentence?
In Spice &amp; Wolf, what is the proper romanization of the wolf-girl&#39;s character name
Is it possible to combine all five chakra elements?
How are the bijuu adapted from real mythology?
Why are hidden villages called such?
Why does Gaara still have dark circles around his eyes?
Do the events in the last episode violate John Titor&#39;s explaination of the Grandfather Paradox?
How did Araragi hide yōtō &quot;Kokoro-Watari&quot; inside his body?
Are Sword Art Online and Accel World related?
Why does Naruto use his mother&#39;s last name?
Ubiquity of Totoro
In One Piece, does the devil fruit reappear after the user dies?
Will I miss anything by watching Dragon Ball Z Kai instead of the other series?
Why does Naruto have whisker marks?
Why does Gai look like Rock Lee?
How is Sajin Komamura a wolf?
Can anyone explain the ending of &quot;Koe no Katachi&quot; one-shot?
What&#39;s the deal with all the crabs in the Aiura OP?
Are eye techniques in Naruto based on anything real?
Is Akira the only anime produced in 24fps?
How does binding a soul to an armor suit allow the suit to move?
Are MAD and AMV synonyms for Anime Music Video?
Where I can buy/rent digital versions of Studio Ghibli films?
Why has the Hayate no Gotoku anime switched studios so many times?
Just what was the flower we saw that day?
Why/How does Eren remember how to activate his Titan power?
Why is Maid-chan voice actor listed as &#39;???&#39; in ending credits?
Why are cherry blossom so prevalent in anime?
Is there official terminology for anime series that run less than the standard length?
Why wasn&#39;t Arlong in Impel Down during the Impel Down Saga?
How did Homunculus come into being?
What are the different colors in anime production drawings for?
Chakra nature of Tailed beasts
Who controls the mind after fusion in DBZ?
What is this strange flying fish creature?
Who is Araragi supposed to look like in this scene?
Identify anime with submarine under aerial attack
What does Hashirama mean by the effects of the chakra rods?
Has Hayao Miyazaki ever made an anime series or manga?
Is chuunibyou syndrome real?
Why do fansubbed animes have a reminder to not sell their fansubbed product?
As of 2014, are there any people at Gainax who worked on Evangelion (the TV series)?
How did Alphonse recover his pre-gate memories?
What&#39;s this anime with a doll asking for its heart?
What animes or trends in anime was Evangelion a response to?
Why do lots of anime titles have ☆ in them?
Where did the shining eye trope come from?
Does Hiro Mashima (Fairy Tail) has something in common with Eiichiro Oda (One Piece)?
How much time has passed in-universe in Detective Conan?
In Madoka Magica, are the girls&#39; wishes related to their powers?
Why are there so many fillers in long-running animes?
Why didn&#39;t the Saiyajins raise up their power energy?
Are there other known public security sections other than Section 9 in &quot;Ghost in the Shell?&quot;
Does Devil&#39;s Fruit power gained depend on how much of it is eaten?
What defines one &quot;season&quot; of anime?
Why is Garp only a vice admiral?
How can alchemy be used in another dimension?
Couldn&#39;t Kabuto have un-summoned Itachi?
What character is Mio&#39;s doll from?
Why was 4th Hokage chosen when the 3rd was still alive and capable?
Why are people so eager to grab Shisui&#39;s eyes even though it activates rarely?
Who was the first cosplayer?
How did the lolicon anime/manga originate?
What technique is used to draw the lifelike backgrounds in the movie Ponyo?
Was Kyon in love with Haruhi?
What happened to the kidnapped human babies at the end of Shinsekai Yori?
Complete list of books read in Psycho-Pass?
What is the origin of the face fault?
Why did the English dub of Naruto stop?
What is the &quot;foreign&quot; language that is used in Suisei no Gargantia?
What is the original text of the Bakemonogatari tongue twister?
Why was Neji Hyuuga surprised to see Naruto&#39;s Kage Bunshin no Jutsu in the Chuunin Exams?
Who was the first &quot;trap character&quot;?
What were the first anime based on manga and light novels?
Why is Ana embarrassed by her surname?
What is the origin of chibi versions of characters?
Why is it hard to draw people running in animes?
Why does Tetsuo say &quot;I am Tetsuo&quot; at the end of Akira?
What are the stuffed toys in Suguha&#39;s room?
Why is Tsukune allowed into the monster school, in Rosario+Vampire?
Does Naruto consciously control his clones?
Doesn&#39;t letting the non-existent students do exams acknowledge their existence?
What started the trend of 3-5 minute long episodes for anime series?
Why is Wrath so human?
Island society that hunts huge whale-like creatures
What DBZ fight lasted a whole season?
What novel&#39;s introduction was Shiori imitating?
What do these characters wear?
What book is Saten reading to Febri in episode 19 of Railgun S?
What anime is this blonde girl wearing a purple dress from?
How did the Sage of the Six Paths obtain his Rinnegan?
Why does Goku give up against Cell?
Why did Madara have Rinnegan before activating it and nobody noticed?
Could someone transplant the Rinnegan from one of Pain&#39;s paths?
How did Homura get a bow as a weapon?
When will the airing of Fairy Tail episode 176 begin?
Who is the strongest Hokage?
What is the origin of the trope where a person lays on the ground with their &quot;soul&quot; coming out of their mouth?
Do Pokemon age and die?
Why is Mew numbered 151?
What&#39;s up with this Araragi and Nadeko scene in s01e11?
Why does Kirito end up in the forest when he first enters Alfheim?
What does the symbol on Edward&#39;s coat mean?
Who is this green guy?
Is Misa Amane&#39;s early death a plothole in Death Note?
Young boy protagonist with a sword containing a red stone on its hilt?
What does the small text say in the noitaminA intro?
What is the opposite of &quot;seme&quot; according to otakus?
What are all the marriages and child relationships following the final chapter?
Detailed explanation of CLAMP character relations?
A manhwa (or manga) where the main antagonist is the protagonist&#39;s future self
How did Jiraiya find out Tsunade&#39;s breast size?
Is Avatar: the Last Airbender an anime?
Is anime production more efficient than manga production?
What happens when a seiyuu cannot continue working on a series?
How is it that a Sharingan can work when it&#39;s been transplanted?
Do we ever see the Senshi de-transform?
Which Full Metal Panic novels correlate to which Manga/Anime Series?
Why did the CardCaptor Sakura anime have so many additional cards?
What is Hidan&#39;s Source of Power?
Is Haku a man or a woman?
Why wasn&#39;t Jiraiya brought back with Edo Tensei?
How was the agent of the other research facility saved?
Why can&#39;t The Dwarf leave the flask?
Can multiple people/animal eat a single devil fruit?
Fitting rules of Death Note
Is it possible to transfer Shinigami powers accidentally?
What are the numbers in the background in Sae&#39;s room?
Why do Spirited Away, Ponyo, and Arrietty have so much in common?
Why can&#39;t Alphonse repair Edward&#39;s automail using alchemy?
Is the amount of Christianity portrayed in anime representative of Japan?
Can users exchange their Sharingan eyes?
Why does Major Armstrong sparkle?
What are the responsibilities of key staff members in an anime production?
How strong are the Marine Admirals?
How did the angry symbol originate?
Why are manga read from right to left? Has it always been so?
How did Menma fulfill her wish?
How does the English version of Sailor Moon differ from the original?
Who is Domo-kun?
Why are romantic events sometimes called &quot;flags&quot;?
Am I missing an entry in the Higurashi series?
Why does Hashirama Senju possess such huge and terrifying chakra?
Why were bodies left behind in the past?
Was Tomoyo in love with Sakura?
Why did Cell and Frieza keep their bodies after they died?
Has the popularization of streaming anime changed the anime industry?
Why do many anime OPs and EDs have onscreen lyrics?
Why can&#39;t Rock Lee use ninjutsu or genjutsu?
Why does Konata call Kagami Kagamin?
Are the chosen anime within Welcome To The N.H.K. of any significance?
Are a lot of butlers named &quot;Sebastian&quot;?
What happened to the rest of the Academy class?
How much does the Chuunibyou anime differ from the light novels?
What are the transmutation circles in Fullmetal Alchemist based on, if anything?
What anime soundtracks feature vocaloid singers?
What factors contributed to the &quot;golden age&quot; of anime?
What happened to the Kyuubi&#39;s chakra after Orochimaru releases the Dead Demon Consuming Seal?
Why do the eyes of a bounded soul glow?
How did Nunnally and Sayoko survive the FLEIJA?
Why do some of the scenes in the 5th episode of Attack on Titan differ when it was aired in Fukuoka?
What is Kazari Uiharu&#39;s esper ability?
Is Accelerator able to control the magnitude of vectors?
Why does Shanks already have his scar at the beginning of One Piece?
Why was Porco Rosso cursed and was there a cure?
When does Son Goku learn to fly?
How does Naruto/Jiraiya summon different toads with same summoning technique?
Five centimeters per second: What does the ending mean?
Why is blood pink in Danganronpa?
What is the in-universe reason for the name Fairy Tail?
What is happening at the start of episode 12?
Why did Naruto and Sasuke hit Tobi with Rasenshuriken directly?
Why did the Hunter x Hunter manga go on hiatus?
What is the meaning of &quot;Forever Fornever&quot;?
How can we convert between a.t.b. and Revolution Year?
What&#39;s significant about a full moon on the fifteenth?
Why do the Kage&#39;s have animals in the background?
What is this place from episode 9 of Monogatari Second Season?
How can Sebastian use &quot;I am a butler and a devil&quot; so casually?&quot;
Why strike stones taken from inside a pot against each other?
Is there a religion in Amestris?
What happened to Koufuu Hino?
What do the runes that roll (while Connect plays) near the end of the second Madoka movie say?
&quot;The World Will Turn To Ash&quot; - How did this differ in the original Japanese?
What does the symbol 油 on Jiraiya&#39;s headband mean?
What is noitaminA?
Are there any anime suggestion engines?
Which countries watch the most anime
Is there a explanation for Natsu&#39;s motion sickness?
What was the first anime that uses different ending/opening songs in every episode?
How long did Light&#39;s father have to live?
Legal sites for anime in Japanese (raw - no subs or dubs)?
In Monogatari, why is the boy with the reverse jagirinawa still alive?
What is the significance of the flowers that are placed on a student&#39;s desk after they leave Black class?
Why do anime series change titles so often (nearly for every &quot;season&quot;)?
What is required for a manga to become an anime?
What is the joke behind &quot;fork&quot; and &quot;spoon&quot; keywords?
What is the viewing order of Fate-related works?
Has Naruto ever killed anyone?
Why does every major bad guy end up being a good guy later?
How did humans learn how to kill titans?
Why did Kishi draw the One Piece symbol in the last page of the last chapter of Naruto?
Is Panzerfahren only for girls?
Why is Kyoko not present in Madoka Magica&#39;s official artwork?
Why is Akame the center of attention?
Looking for old anime with twin brothers fighting their evil wizard father
Why did they air all four Tsukimonogatari episodes in one day?
Movie identification: post-apocalyptic setting featuring a genetically engineered forest
What&#39;s up with Nami&#39;s breast size?
Why does absorbing the Spirit Wave from Genkai involve such a painful process?
What are Madara Uchiha&#39;s weaknesses?
How does the substitution jutsu work?
In the Fate/Stay Night Visual Novel, why is Rider listed as Chaotic Good?
What happened to people who commited crime or killed in SAO?
Which episodes of the Naruto anime are core plot and which are filler?
When does Badlands Rumble take place?
Why didn&#39;t the First and Second Hokage&#39;s fight with full power against the Third?
What is a modular delayed action virus?
What is the difference between Tachikoma and Fuchikoma?
Seirei no Moribito: what kanji is this, and what&#39;s its meaning?
Is the Nine Tails still stronger than the Eight Tails even though half of him was sealed away?
What&#39;s the difference between Kage Bunshin no Jutsu and Tajuu Kage Bunshin no Jutsu?
Is turning into stone as a result of waiting for someone for a long time derived from Japanese legend?
How does Nagato create and use so many Rinnegan eyes?
Why can&#39;t people distinguish Sailor Soldiers from their real selves?
How could Tosen know that Kenpachi was smiling?
Does &quot;Those Who Hunt Elves&quot; have a definitive ending?
What are the steps involved in producing an anime?
Why isn&#39;t Gildarts one of the Ten Wizard Saints?
What is the difference between yuri and shoujo-ai, yaoi and shounen-ai and ecchi and hentai anime genre?
What happened to the punishment for stealing an S-Rank Quest?
How many Fairy Tail members went missing from the guild during the timeskip?
Where did the Dog-people come from?
Was Hashirama in sage mode while he summoned the huge wooden buddha with few thousand hands?
Does Yukari ever change back from being an alpaca in Paca Plus?
What is the role of mangaka assistants?
Why was Reiko &quot;disposed of&quot;?
How far along is the One Piece anime compared with the manga?
How much of the original material is animated in first season of Maoyuu Maou Yuusha?
When did people start calling &quot;manga&quot; as &quot;mangos&quot;?
Can jutsu be cast across a barrier?
How far into the manga did the Kimi ni Todoke anime reach?
Why did Colonel Mustang lose his sense of sight and not his arm or body?
Why doesn&#39;t Kakashi use his copy ability that often?
What is the game where you strike a stack of discs to knock one out?
What&#39;s up with the huge iron in FLCL?
Why did Airi say &quot;Whose eyes are those eyes&quot; at the end of the first episode?
Could Naruto&#39;s shadow clones transport jutsu?
Is there symbolism behind the language choices in Bleach?
When does Hina learn that her parents died?
What is this ninja anime from the late 70s early 80s?
Why is King Deviluke in his chibi form?
What are the marks on Index-tan&#39;s left eye?
Title of an anime with children quarantined in a city block?
What is the &#39;thing&#39; that is located under the Fairy Tail basement?
Was Bakuman deliberately made to attract new manga artists in the industry?
Why does Mika go insane?
How does a Claymore move up in rank within the Organization?
What is the actual dialog for this Death Note swimming meme?
How does the NerveGear fallback battery work?
Is there a term for &quot;two-faced&quot; or &quot;reverse-tsundere&quot; characters?
How come nobody noticed Chapra&#39;s slave brand at the tournament?
How did the &quot;silver devaluation&quot; scheme work?
What&#39;s the meaning of the spell&#39;s name that Wendy uses to cure Natsu&#39;s vehicle-sickness?
Is Sakamoto human?
Why do the MISAKA Sisters narrate everything they say?
What are the meaning behind the operation names in Steins;Gate?
What is the significance of Koizumi noticing Kyon&#39;s mole?
Did Hinata really confess to Naruto?
Who are these characters in the bookstore?
What exactly is the technique Madara uses to control Obito?
What do the symbols in the OP refer to?
When did the Kin/Gin Brothers get their Nine-Tails power?
What anime is this image of a girl caressing a skeleton from?
What is the little doll on top of Tomoko&#39;s phone?
How can Shenron revive people?
What are the origins of alchemy in Fullmetal Alchemist?
How can Obito combine 4 different nature transformations?
What is the anime where a popular soft drink kills people who drink it X times?
What is the in-universe chronological order of the Monogatari Series?
What are the anime censorship laws in Japan?
How does a Pok&#233; Ball work?
Why are there sometimes darkened scenes in new anime?
What is the name of the show that involves a wish granting cat with a weakness to water?
Can anyone be a Ninja/Shinobi?
Where is Yoruichi&#39;s Zanpakuto?
What Race are the Humans on Attack On Titan? What language do they speak?
What&#39;s up with the gravity on board of Bebop?
How powerful are Koharu Utatane and Homura Mitokado now?
What is the actual color of the Rasengan?
How can digimon come into real world?
What is the purpose of purple rope belt that Sasuke wears?
What is the complete form of Izanagi?
Can an animated show created outside Japan be called Anime?
Why didn&#39;t Lelouch use the &quot;obey me&quot; order on everyone?
Why do people sneeze when someone talks about them?
Which Baccano novels were adapted by the anime?
What exactly is the Honnouji Academy?
How does one play Gungi?
What&#39;s this anime with a human in a demon world being rescued by vampires?
Why do Black Organization members use alcoholic drink names as code names?
Do anime studios pre-record their voice actors before animation?
Why can&#39;t Natsu and Gajeel go through Freed&#39;s runes?
Why didn&#39;t Pikachu evolve?
Who is the character in this picture with Yotsuba and Totoro?
Does Ira Gamagori have an official height?
Where is the fishing scene in My Neighbour Totoro?
Who is the man in the suit in the Fullmetal Alchemist series?
What is the total Naruto runtime up to this point?
Are floors 76-100 still untouched?
What is the cover of Reset! Chapter 2 a reference to?
What exactly is a &quot;Light Novel&quot;?
What&#39;s this symbol used by the Nazis?
What&#39;s this anime with a scene with a large praying mantis?
How to start the .hack series and its viewing order
What would cause an anime series to be transferred to another studio?
Was there an animation mistake between 3:17 and 4:19 in the second episode?
Why do almost all anime series have a &quot;going to the beach&quot; episode?
An anime about human protagonists travelling with monsters, among them are a blue wolf, and a big eye on a leg monster
Name of anime where the winner of a competition would inherit the forest
What is the gender of Armin in Shingeki no Kyojin?
What are the differences between the Akame Ga Kill! manga and anime?
What is this picture of a smiling man from?
What is spinning a girl in yukata like a top a reference to?
Who are these bunny girls from Gurren Lagann referencing
Why do some works [anime, manga, novels] have a trailing dot?
Can I get some help identifying this figurine of a blonde swordswoman wearing a highleg?
Trying to find an old anime title name
Where is the first track of Toaru Kagaku no Railgun S OST 2 first played?
What is this anime where people manifest special powers from element-based auras?
Death note handwriting check
How can Madara still stick around even after the Edo Tensei had been ended?
How does Kira Yamato survive the Aegis&#39; self-destruct in Mobile Suit Gundam Seed?
How is Jaeger alive at the end of Valkyria Chronicles?
Is there any reliable source that explains the Tsugumi Ohba-Hiroshi Gamo pen name?
Why do the Celestial Spirits work for their wizard?
What are the demons at end of Madoka Magica?
Where do I find a table / listing of all currently airing anime series?
What happened between Kirito and Asuna in those 2 years?
Is it possible for a Byakugan user to awaken the Rinnegan?
Is there a meaning/message behind Akira?
How involved was Akira Toriyama in the production of Dragon Ball GT?
Have the Rebuild of Evangelion films revealed anything new in the original Evangelion?
How different are the manga and movie versions of Akira?
Is manga censorship in Western countries always done with author consent?
Did Jiraiya meet Naruto by chance?
Did Walter become Millennium&#39;s servant by choice?
Are Hell Butterflies living creatures?
Which anime episodes of Aria correspond to which manga chapters?
What was omitted/skipped from the end of Sakamichi no Apollon?
How long was Shi-woon trained by Goomoonryong?
What does Unohana Retsu&#39;s Bankai do?
Guy becomes immortal after kissing a girl
Was CosPrayers deliberately bad?
Has Japan stopped producing anime based on western stories?
How was Goku able to teleport to the &quot;Other World&quot;?
How are Akkis (fiends/ogres) immune to death-feedback?
How did Cell survive and teleport back after blowing himself up?
What happens to the members of W.I.S.E. near the end of the Psyren?
How could Madara free himself from the Impure World Resurrection technique, while Tobirama can&#39;t?
When does one become a Super Saiyan?
Is there a basis for the arm and leg wraps?
What is the proper pluralization of &quot;anime&quot; and &quot;manga&quot;?
Why did Kabuto heal Hinata?
In the first episode of Hataraku Maou-sama, what is the &quot;Underworld&quot; language based on?
How is Mystogun able to eat apples through his scarf?
Who&#39;s inside the third coffin that Orochimaru tried to summon?
Is the term Otaku derogatory?
Is Roronoa Zoro based on Rurouni Kenshin?
How are ditzy characters classified?
What&#39;s Scar&#39;s name?
What was the first anime series to use digital production?
How real were the dreams in Paprika?
When/Why did Nagi move out of her mansion and into the apartments in the anime?
What is this manga about a demon or vampire linked to an acolyte?
Why did the shinobi become weaker with every generation?
What are the Naruto hand seals based on?
Name of Zaraki Kenpachi&#39;s Zanpakuto?
Protagonist saves the world by killing monsters by transforming into different mecha using disks
What is a vocaloid?
Why didn&#39;t Yokodera send Azuki Azusa back to Okinawa?
Did Gon know it was Ponzu who died?
Do the moths during Grumman&#39;s thoughts have any symbolic significance?
Why can&#39;t Devil&#39;s Fruit Users swim?
Who began the war with the Hideauze?
Looking for the Oneshot Shoujo Manga about a guy with split personality
What was the first manga in color?
What is the new shuriken formed from Naruto and Sasuke&#39;s power?
Was the Scouting Legion&#39;s patch or the character&#39;s Military affiliation changed?
What is the purpose of the bands Raditz wear on his left arm and leg?
What are the dots on Danichirou&#39;s forehead?
Isn&#39;t Flora&#39;s ability inefficient?
Weren&#39;t the 1st and 2nd Hokage sealed forever?
Is the strange reproductive process in The Twelve Kingdoms based on a myth or legend?
What anime is this winking girl from?
What is the jutsu that ninjas use to appear/disappear instantly?
What is the meaning behind Mana Ryougi&#39;s name?
What was the terrible artwork on the flyer in episode 1?
When was the anime toast in the morning trope started?
Who killed Lancer?
Why is Monokuma&#39;s body half-black, half-white?
What is the difference between Judgment and Anti-skill
Which end of a chocolate cornet is the head?
How do I read manga with multiple panes?
How could Naruto twist his ankle?
What is the production order of the Monogatari series?
Why do people keep seeing Hachikuji?
What does Elfen Lied mean?
Who is the magical girl who becomes Walpurgisnacht?
How is Vash able to transform his arm into a weapon?
How does Hellsing (2001) relate to Hellsing (2006)?
What&#39;s a &quot;black key&quot;?
What show is this?
Why are the seven deadly sins used so often in anime?
What characterizes an EVA pilot?
How did Rock Lee pass the academy test?
Why does Naegi always appear in the closing credits along with the dead characters?
Why is Kairoseki&#39;s effect more powerful than the sea?
Why doesn&#39;t Ash Ketchum catch legendary Pok&#233;mon?
What does &quot;It will restart in issue #1&quot; mean?
Why didn&#39;t Boa Hancock&#39;s attack affect Luffy?
What is the penalty to dying inside Elder Tale?
Is there an official Otaku day?
Can Pokemon aside from Meowth learn how to talk?
Who did the art direction on for these episodes and scenes?
What&#39;s this song in Code Geass?
What is the origin of mushrooms growing on a sad person&#39;s head?
Where to start with Gundam?
How did Sloth lay rail underground?
Is anything known about Rock Lee&#39;s family?
How is the height, weight and age of characters determined?
Why does Ace&#39;s tattoo on his right arm say &quot;Asce&quot;?
What is the motive behind the Titan Shifters&#39; actions?
Where can I find ratings of anime OPs and EDs?
What&#39;s with this up-tilted head posture?
Does anime really account for 60% of the world’s animation-based entertainment?
Can a devil fruit user drown in a bathtub?
Exceed rank 8, 9, and 11
How does Kirito come back to life when he&#39;s fighting Heathcliff?
What Japanese animation was the first to be an international success?
Looking for an old anime about two (android?) girls in search of a heart
What was the first anime to have a &quot;please notice me senpai&quot; moment?
Where in the timeline of SAO did the battle vs. Laughing Coffin occur?
What are the steps involved in making a professional manga?
What&#39;s this manga in post-apocalyptic Tokyo with a biker girl who fights the yakuza?
A pre-2000 anime with a major female character having a hidden third eye on her forehead
Need help identifying this manga- large guy helps out schoolgirl
What is Chihiro&#39;s father eating?
What is the meaning of the cake song?
Can a Genjutsu awaken Mangekyou Sharingan?
Why can Naruto still use Rasenshuriken?
Why didn&#39;t Akame die when she cut herself with Murasame?
Is this an animation error, or just bizarre character design?
What is the meaning/purpose of the (not) in the titles of Rebuild of Evangelion?
Where did the Western names in Code Geass come from?
Why is a fleet of two aircraft carriers, two torpedo cruisers, one battleship and one destroyer an impossible fleet?
Why don&#39;t Asuka and Mari wear headsets?
Why do the Human-looking Youkai obscure their eyes?
Why is the &quot;drinking milk&quot; trope so prevalent in anime?
Why is incest such a prevalent theme in manga and anime?
Why is Miku shown with a leek?
What was Kurisu going to say to Okabe in the first episode?
What&#39;s the meaning behind all the chairs in Madoka&#39;s room?
Why is anime produced faster than manga?
Why do the racoons in pompoko have such large genitalia?
What is the relationship between the male and female character?
Where is this gif of a girl turning into stone(?) and breaking apart from
In which anime or manga was there a man who admired a fast killing sword technique but was mistaken
Was the ufotable Touhou anime ever released?
How does the equivalent exchange of alchemy work?
Why weren&#39;t Kingdom Heart volumes released regularly?
Cowboy Bebop: Connection between anime and movie
What are the plants in Trigun?
Why isn&#39;t Tobi blind yet?
Do the novels explain the sudden &quot;hair change&quot; near the end of Gosick?
Why do the senshi get a manicure before they get gloves?
How do Gai&#39;s gates work?
What happened in the Evangelion episode &quot;Take care of yourself.&quot;?
Why does Nemo call himself the last of the Atlanteans?
Are there any relations between the different &quot;sagas&quot; in Pok&#233;mon Special/Pok&#233;mon Adventures manga?
What happens if one dies in Soul Society?
Why don&#39;t people utilize the Rinnegan to its fullest?
Are people aware of who Naruto&#39;s parents are?
What is the mon in Jin&#39;s kimono?
Did Yagami Light take a risk while handing over the Death Note to Rem?
Why wasn&#39;t Jiraiya brought back by Nagato?
Why is Yoruichi able to transform?
Origin of the phrase: Hyuga are Konoha&#39;s strongest
Anime with a little red haired character who pilots a racing pod
Do the various kingdoms in The Twelve Kingdoms have historical basis?
Anime budget and worldwide gross data are publicly available?
Why is Ichigo always in Shikai mode?
Why was Akira naked in the first episode of Eden of the East?
Where does the Gantz anime branch off?
Why do so many anime and manga have timeskips?
How does Zoro&#39;s sword technique work?
Are there any characters designed specifically for Norio Wakamoto?
Is there a tradition behind giving people names from English words?
Why can&#39;t all Level Ds drink blood from blood capsules?
Why did Erza challenge that many monsters at the Pandemonium?
Why does Chopper hide himself the wrong way?
What exactly are those &quot;furby-balls&quot; in Dog Days?
What language is on the &quot;God&#39;s Message&quot; Cube?
What board game is being played in the early episodes of Steins;Gate?
Anime with a wolf/man demon as main character
How does Shiro get into the Deadman Wonderland?
Why do many anime not follow the manga? Why are they usually made shorter?
Could Goku have been revived if he really wanted after dying fighting cell?
Where did character popularity polls originate?
What is the timeline in Vampire Knight?
How does the healing jutsu work?
Are there any other uses for a Pokeball besides capturing and storing Pokemon?
Why is the series &quot;Trigun&quot; titled as such?
What does the &#39;belt&#39; Orochimaru and the Sound Four wear signify?
What is the origin of shaking eyes meaning surprise or fear?
Is it common for a writer to write for more than one demographic?
Are songs written for anime openings or endings?
What happens if a Devil Fruit is destroyed?
Why is Toradora&#39;s ED about oranges?
Why does Nana have to eat bananas with their skins on as a condition to use her powers?
Is the Fruit of Grisaia an actual fruit?
What is the meaning of the title &quot;Bad Apple&quot;, and which characters appear?
Why didn&#39;t anybody recognize the Z fighters at the cell games?
What is a &quot;Three-Dimensional Maneuver&quot;?
What did the old man say to the bartender at the end?
How large is Dorj the cat?
What animals and confections are each of the characters?
What is the significance of the black cat?
What causes the robots to develop sentience?
How far ahead is planning done before a manga is released?
Who is the boy in the coffin in the last episode (of the Gemini of the Meteor)?
What is the intended purpose of Haro?
Why was the &quot;Anime no Chikara&quot; project interrupted?
Is Ika Musume the only humanoid squid creature?
From what series is this odd lolicon poster?
How can Hermes and Riku talk?
What is the song that Drocell sings?
Is Kafuka Fuura even in the class?
Are there any foreign seiyu that have been credited for anime work?
Does every ninja become a jonin?
What is the card game the characters play?
What type of trees can Ueki make?
Why do Lala&#39;s inventions always turn out to be defective?
Was there ever a Pokemon game based off the Orange Islands?
What happened to the last two Bastard!! OVAs?
Why is the name &quot;Harkonnen&quot; used on Seras&#39; cannon in Hellsing?
What is Lupin III&#39;s nationality?
What was the first mecha anime/manga to feature combining to form a super robot?
Why did Yukari&#39;s father wander off on his honeymoon?
Two girls in a boxing/kickboxing match
Who is Itou Makoto (producer) and how is he related to the character with the same name?
What is Nara&#39;s Strategy?
Are Den Den Mushis conscious?
How is Brook alive?
How many endings are there in the School Days Visual Novel?
Is Brook able to drown?
Anime with three blue-eyed high school students
From which anime is this ad on Scifi SE?
Why do drama CDs and anime series of the same franchise use different voice actors sometimes?
Why does Brad Pitt cameo in these manga?
Why can&#39;t Inuzuka clan&#39;s dogs use human language?
Why do only People from the Uzumaki Clan get Chosen as the Jinchuuriki for the Nine Tails?
Looking for an anime with an impoverished town and abusive father
Looking for a &quot;game anime&quot; with summoning monsters using stone circles
What does this haiku in The World Only God Knows mean?
Is this artbook by Clamp based on a series?
Name of anime with a character whose wings wrap around his arms when he&#39;s not flying?
How are anime seasons released?
Where can I find reliable information about licensing status of manga/anime?
Anime with commando bunnies
What was this cosplay where Maekawa had a donut in front of her chest?
How can Orochimaru use his techniques when he takes possession of another body?
Why were the Dragon Knights trying to kill the Dragon Torc?
What is Naruto&#39;s age?
Why did Kiki lose her witch powers?
What is the drawing on Tomoko&#39;s shirt?
Why wasn&#39;t the Flying Thunder God Seal on Obito erased
Which manga was being parodied in episode 5 of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei?
What did Yasaburou mean by calling himself a &quot;Bohemian Tanuki?&quot;
What exactly is a &quot;Nobita face&quot;?
Where to get the end-of-episode pictures?
Who did Sue cosplay as in Genshiken Nidaime episode 9?
Why did Chouji get fat when he received Naruto and Kurama&#39;s Chakra?
Why didn&#39;t the children of the Rikudo Sennin inherit his surname?
What is the text in the intro of Cowboy Bebop
How much can something that is attached to a blood seal be damaged?
How exactly is the Eye of the Moon Plan supposed to work?
Please help me find a manga about the life of a low-ranked samurai
In episode 4 of Golden Time is that the same Nana?
What chemical compound is shown in episode 17 of Monogatari Second Season?
Does a Jinchuuriki gain the nature of his/her tailed beast?
Anime involving astronauts training underwater
What is the hole in Obito&#39;s chest?
What are the added values of ecchi to a series?
What did Team Rocket use to evolve Rhyhorn?
What is this sci-fi anime from the 90s involving a mute main character and lab experiment by some mad corporation?
Why can&#39;t Zorro cut Seastone?
How did the characters learn alchemy?
What is written in Baudelaire&#39;s Les Fleurs du Mal that impacts Takao so badly?
How did the &quot;S&quot; quincy heal his eardrums?
Why were monopoles raining?
Was Dr. House inspired by Black Jack?
How exactly did Obito escape from Itachi&#39;s Amaterasu?
What&#39;s this anime with talking monsters?
Why is it that some anime use language exclusive to the Yakuza?
What is the relationship between Neon Genesis Evangelion and RahXephon?
Need help with anime name
What is the combination of Wind Style and Earth Style?
What is that frog toy that Misaka loves?
Why did Edward not wear a uniform?
How powerful is Homura&#39;s shield?
Kiss x Sis Viewing Order (anime + OVA)
Is Non Non Biyori&#39;s location based on a real one?
Why is it common for anime to lack surround sound?
Who is Oshino Ougi?
Does the intro to Sket Dance have a typo?
Are 3DCG-based animes cheaper to produce?
what is the purpose of one shot manga?
Who exactly is Benjamin Anderson in the Kill la Kill soundtrack?
What&#39;s the deal with Shinobu&#39;s hat?
How many nations are there in the Naruto universe?
Are all wishes actually possible?
Are all apparitions on Monogatari based on actual stories?
Death Note: Old age as cause of death?
Can Gohan transform to Super Saiyan in Mystic form?
Need help on finding the most depressing anime I&#39;ve ever seen
How does the state know when people transmute something into gold?
Are there any anime series with neither an opening or ending song?
Do all the children in Wammy&#39;s House receive codenames?
What does &quot;DxD&quot; in &quot;Highschool DxD&quot; stand for?
What anime is this GIF of a grey-haired boy eating from?
Anime about a woman that&#39;s hunting down a monster that consumed her brother and is consuming the world
How could Kakashi use Susanoo?
Who is the main target audience of yuri titles?
Are Walls Maria/Rose/Sina the only Wall community in the world?
Anime with special weapons and female characters fighting?
Who was the first seiyuu?
What was Sora Iro no Tane advertising?
Why is Parasyte spelled with a y in the title?
How does this calendar thing even work?
Why do Androids in Dragon Ball Z sometimes use cars?
Manga/Anime of two female secret/military agents featuring countless upskirt moments
What&#39;s the name of this movie with a sandman?
How come the events of Rebellion are possible, with Madoka&#39;s wish?
How much English is spoken at Japan Expo (Paris)
Where does all the chakra of Edo Tensei shinobi come from?
I can&#39;t remember the name of this manga! It contained a group entering a city and learning they had to pay 10 silver to leave
What are these scenes in Angel Beats parodying?
What&#39;s this magical anime with a non-magical protagonist?
What is the manga about a twin brother and sister called?
Why are the episodes named after literary works?
What happens if too much is given during a transmutation?
Kirito&#39;s light-saber versus bullets
Looking for manga apps which filter out mature content
Are some translated anime needlessly subbed twice?
What software is used for making anime?
List of surviving Uchiha
What philosophical concepts and/or authors are referenced in the series?
What happens to Sai?
Why does Yoruichi say &quot;No one there could have survived a fight against Byakuya&quot; in Bleach chapter 120?
Why is Kurapika so powerful?
How did Nagato gain his Rinnegan?
What was Akamatsu Ken&#39;s role in creating Negima!? Neo?
Why is the ending of Death Note in the anime so different from the manga?
What particular anime first showcased crossovers?
How does a Philosopher&#39;s Stone work?
Is the World Government aware of the existence of the Sky Island?
Is it possible to duplicate eyes?
What&#39;s written in Ayatsuji Tsukasa&#39;s notebook?
How different are the anime and manga versions of Death Note?
Why do the summoned Servants all belong to different classes?
How was it possible to summon Sasori with Edo Tensei?
How do the Homonculi differ between the FMA manga and anime?
How complete is Juuni Kokuki?
What is the exact difference between Fairy Law and Fairy Glitter?
What happened to Nausicaa at the end of the movie?
Can Naruto go into Sage Mode repeatedly by using idle shadow clones?
What is the timeline of the Hayate anime?
How did they start sending messages to other&#39;s phone?
In Highschool of the Dead, how long does it take for a person to become one of &#39;them&#39; (a zombie)?
Why does Alucard have so many eyes?
What was the apocalypse that preceeded Sora no Woto?
What&#39;s the significance of Kanon becoming &quot;invisible&quot;?
What are all the aspects of the Love Live TV series that were voted on by fans?
What are the differences between the original and the light novels&#39; story of The World God Only Knows?
Does Orochimaru need a host?
In which soundtrack album can I find &quot;Virgin Road Ni Hana Ga Saku&quot;?
Was there any difference between &quot;Star Blazers&quot; and &quot;Space Battleship Yamato&quot;?
Was the ending of Mawaru Penguindrum completely incoherent?
What is Gin and Matsumoto&#39;s relationship in Bleach?
How did the events at the end of Cage of Eden occur?
Is there any explanation for &quot;Tequila&quot; in the Kuragehime eyecatch?
When did the Soul Eater anime and manga diverge?
What is the proper order to watch Hakuouki in?
How Kabuto could reincarnate or manifest Hidan (in an anime filler)?
Why are Kobato&#39;s eyes inconsistent in color between episodes?
Is there any relation between the images in Ouran High School Host Club and Fullmetal Alchemist?
What does the German say in the opening of ef - a tale of melodies?
Is the nature of chakra hereditary?
Why do rocks start flying when high levels of chakra are being used?
What political power does a Kage have?
How does the Mangekyo Sharingan blind its wielder, and why are some wielders not blinded?
What&#39;s the anime with the girl that everybody wants to kill?
Why is Dorami afraid of cockroaches?
Has anyone ever gotten hurt in Girls Und Panzer?
What is TK&#39;s actual name?
At what point in the timeline does the Steins;Gate movie take place?
Why is Tangelo Island named as such?
Did Sakamoto really write in cursive?
What happened to Konohamaru&#39;s parents?
Is 3x3 Eyes based on any real legends?
What are the 2003 Wendy&#39;s Promotional Pok&#233;mon Toys?
Why is Nyanko-sensei a round, chubby cat?
Why is Train Heartnet called Black Cat?
Is there a difference in drawing style between different anime for different demographics?
Does the &quot;flower&#39;s name&quot; myth have a real-world basis?
What happened to Masaki&#39;s family?
What is the significance of the title &quot;Ro-Kyu-Bu!&quot;?
What is the fate of Densuke at the end of the last episode?
Why kill instead of question?
What game is Subaru playing with the girls?
When do succubi mature?
Is the Soul King a Shinigami?
Does Naruto Shippuuden retain the original seiyuu from Naruto?
What ruleset is used for the Prefecture and National tournaments?
Why did the Slam Dunk anime stop without animating the Interhigh tournament?
How come Alphonse can do alchemy in Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood?
Can Chiaki play any instruments besides violin and piano?
Looking for an old anime/mecha movie from the 80&#39;s/90&#39;s
Is Blood-C set in the same world as Blood+?
What is the OVA boom?
Where does the Future Boy Conan movie fit in?
Where did the other survivors come from?
Why are some hissatsu techniques in Inazuma Eleven never used again?
Are there any non-Japanese manga/anime authors or studios?
List of manga chapters animated in Hayate no Gotoku! Cuties
Why are there holes in the ocean?
Manga about a sword that only a little boy can unsheath
What was exactly the CLAMP role in making Code Geass?
Why doesn&#39;t anyone suspect that Sai could be a computer bot?
How closely does the La Corda d&#39;Oro manga follow the game?
Video Identification - Boy, Girl Two Pianos
What are the animation studios outside the Tokyo area and why the majority is concentrated in Tokyo?
What&#39;s a good entry point for Touhou?
What is the relationship between Clow Reed and Ichihara Yuko?
Is Haki based on anything real?
Is there any other manga artist/s whose style is like CLAMP&#39;s?
Who are these characters referenced in chapter 4 of Spotted Flower?
Where did Scar&#39;s other tattoo come from?
Do the symbols on Kazuki&#39;s shirt mean anything?
Is L-Elf clairvoyant?
Why are the royal guard so powerful?
How did all of the weird creatures end up in class 2A?
Which anime is this woobie taken from?
What happened to Kazuya&#39;s father?
What is the thing Sakura is carrying?
Comedy manga with a 16 year old boy from a poor family
Why not simply &quot;Metal Alchemist&quot;?
What makes the Breeder&#39;s Diary a future diary in Mirai Nikki?
Why doesn&#39;t Ichigo protect himself from Aizen&#39;s power?
What&#39;s the deal with Orochimaru and seals?
Why is Ryuunosuke Akasaka&#39;s hair so long?
Who was the Supporter of the Sele&#231;&#227;o in Eden of the East?
Are Kurenai&#39;s eyes some sort of Doujutsu?
Why are the &#39;things&#39; that are created from human transmutation so randomly generated?
Why is the nine tails afraid of Madara?
What is a chai chai kick?
How and when did Uchiha Madara learn Edo Tensei?
Identify this image of a girl with red hair wearing a dog puppet
Is &quot;Phantom Rouge&quot; story canon?
What technology/jutsu do the Akatsuki members use to communicate with each other?
The Tree of Life in Evangelion
What does Kabincho mean?
The Tree of Life in Fullmetal Alchemist
Why did the &quot;until we graduate&quot; provision enter into the ending of OreImo?
When do animes get subsequent seasons?
What is inside the Gate of Truth?
What does it mean that Gluttony is a fake Gate of Truth?
Do Bluray releases contain more scenes than their DVD counterparts?
What is this dance?
What is the significance of fifteen strokes in a name?
Does Drachma play any role in FMA beyond being what Briggs defended against?
Where can one learn about viewership ratings for anime?
Did Saber recognize Illyasviel in Fate/Stay Night?
Why is Pride&#39;s name different from the word &quot;pride&quot;?
Origins of the nose-bleed in anime/manga
If the anime came first, what is considered &quot;canon&quot;?
Who are these characters in the end of the last episode&#39;s still?
Why does connecting an automail hurt?
What does the title of the anime &quot;K&quot; mean?
What are these three references from episode 9?
What&#39;s the significance of the &#39;w&#39; finger position in Elfen Lied
How are White Album and White Album 2 related?
Where was Shukaku when Naruto was taken to the Bijuus&#39; Deep Psyche?
Is there any clan/individual with extra ordinary hearing ability to sense people in Naruto?
How does Zoro speak with a sword in his mouth?
What does &quot;life force&quot; mean?
How did the villagers know about Naruto being the Kyuubi&#39;s jinchuriki?
Why does Shanks sacrifice his arm to save Luffy?
Manga with a robot with a penis cannon
When did Itachi plant his crow inside Naruto?
What song is playing when Eren cries in episode 2?
Has there recently been a trending popularity with scissors as weapons over swords?
Why are almost all anime episodes 20 minutes long?
What does kurotsuchi do to nemu in Bleach episode 200?
Is there an official statement about Detective Conan&#39;s ending?
Why is naruto&#39;s Jinchuriki transformation so different?
Why is there an entire Death Note if only one page is enough?
How did Madara know that Sasuke is the last surviving Uchiha?
Why wasn&#39;t Naruto able to sense Black Zetsu?
Is Dwun (Wdwune) based on Yoshihiro Togashi?
Did Griselda really die?
Was it formerly common practice to credit voice actors in opening credits?
How can one tell Nappa has become a Super Saiyan?
Does the usage of katakana in manga have any specific meaning?
Who was Makarov in Edolas?
Why there are many scenes in anime that take place on the roof?
What happened to the shinigami Zellogi?
Does the Toradora OVA fit canonically in the main storyline?
How do the storylines of the Fate series connect?
What&#39;s the deal with Roronoa Zoro&#39;s eye after the timeskip?
Are the Homunculi abilities based on the sins?
Why does Last Order state her name twice?
Why does Madara wear a samurai uniform?
Why is it that everyone brings melons when they are visiting a character in the hospital?
Is the religion in Shingeki no Kyojin supposed to resemble a real-life religion?
Anime using different dices to produce weapons and shields
How is Alphonse Elric able to see?
Girl protagonist is captured, put into a cell, stripped naked, given a tatty blanket, and interrogated
Machine gun feudal anime request
Why is Naruto&#39;s name, Naruto?
Why did Cardinal block Yui from relating with players?
What is this manga about a young wizard that&#39;s cursed with a spell where girls can&#39;t kiss him?
What is the limit of the Death Eraser?
How can they tell the difference between NPCs and humans?
Hyuuga and Uchiha clan family roots?
Who was King Bradley supposed to be?
Is there a mobile app where you can read manga as well as watch anime from?
Where is &quot;See you Space Cowboy&quot; from?
How/When did Liz learn about Kirito&#39;s Duel Wield?
Is Plue in Fairy Tail and in Rave the same?
Is &quot;Talk no Jutsu&quot; actually a thing?
Why did Jiraiya have to die?
How do online Nerve Gear games handle player authentication?
Why was Yui&#39;s Heart the only SAO item to work in Alfheim Online?
Why was it that Light&#39;s father could see Light&#39;s lifespan, while Mikami couldn&#39;t see it (which allowed him to deduce that Light was Kira)?
Is it unusual for mangas to be in colour?
Does the usage of Haki affect the user in any way?
Who are the members of an early design of Luffy&#39;s crew?
When Edward and Alphonse try to transmute their mother, how come they didn&#39;t gain anything?
What is the name of anime about warrior that has to collect crystal sword, ball, mirror?
What&#39;s with this face in Nichijou?
Why is Sakurai-sensei always sweating like a sprinkler?
Can Dragonslayers eat their own magic?
Does a Cubone kill its own mother?
Why can Ryoma beat adults in the US tournaments but have trouble with high schoolers?
Explanation of Libido in anime
Symbol identification: eye on hand (image included)
Where are we shown Rose&#39;s surname?
What is C&#39;s World?
In Fate/Zero and Fate/Stay Night, why is King Arthur female? Why is Iskander tall?
Why is the series named this way?
Why isn&#39;t Lust covering up her tattoo?
Where did the nickname &quot;Poppo&quot; comes from?
In the 2003 anime FMA, what are the ingredients for making Homunculi?
What&#39;s the proper reading order for the manga in the Steins;Gate series?
Who exactly are featured on the walls of Maria, Rose &amp; Sina?
What is the longest anime title?
How does a shadow clone identify itself as shadow clone?
Is the Ship Spirit (klabautermann) based on any real legend?
Are there anime named after a manga, but totally different from it?
Need help remembering an anime movie in the 90s
What book was Hanekawa reading while Araragi tries to find where Tsunade lives?
Did Mirai Kuriyama really rebuild her body, or what really happened to it?
Can people log into SAO after the initial trapping?
What other Beaters were there in Sword Art Online?
How does Myouga Unzen&#39;s &quot;Math Language&quot; work?
What is this manhwa called?
Was Kodomo no Jikan controversial in Japan?
How much content is required at minimum for a manga to get anime adaptation?
Can Logia users be hurt by intangible attacks?
Manga image of two girls with unusual eyes
What&#39;s this anime film involving a phone&#39;s ringtone?
What&#39;s this anime involving a dragon and a woman with wings?
What is up with Tsukihi and Karen&#39;s boyfriends&#39; names?
How would Annie&#39;s going underground prove anything?
Why do Jinchuuriki die when their biju are extracted?
Why did Kaneki&#39;s hair change color?
Are the Oreimo light novels different from the Anime?
Please help identify this anime or OVA from 14 years ago about magic
Who tried to sue the author of Hayate no Gotoku, and when?
Why Did Anko get so fat?
What does the emblem on Bolt&#39;s jacket mean?
What does &quot;shirobako&quot; mean in terms of the anime?
Why do anime (in general) have do much time in between seasons
What is the name of a Cartoon Network anime whose second season plot was based on time travel?
What is the reference in the scene where the husband says &quot;I don&#39;t mind at all&quot;?
Divergence numbers in logo: Steins;Gate easter egg?
Do people die if they are killed?
What is intended by a spiral on a character&#39;s finger and what is the origin of this trope?
Is there some source as to what Taiga did during the skipped year in the last episode of Toradora?
Why don&#39;t they just upload her brain to the internet?
Anime series about a main character gaining power from blue blob on his arm
Why did Tobirama create Edo Tensei?
In terms of sales, how popular was Sword Art Online II?
Check and circle marks in test papers
An anime where the main character lives with a bunch of &quot;outcasts&quot; and has to take care of a girl without any social skills
Movie about an old woman telling her life story to a film crew
What is the meaning behind Tsukihi&#39;s pose 17 minutes into in episode 1 of Tsukimonogatari?
What are the reasons for producing short-form anime?
Which chapters are left out during the Attack on Titan anime?
Why are there different classes of titans?
How did Geass come into existence?
An anime with a &quot;ghost&quot; younger sister, a witch who kills undead and a goth loli sadistic witch
What does &#39;Akame ga Kill&#39; mean and why is it called that?
An obscure movie featuring a mysterious amphibious monster
An anime where a scientist turned his wife (the main character) and himself into babies
An anime where a boy, who can eject fire from his finger, saves a girl from black-suited men
Sword Art Online, yanking the NerveGear off someone&#39;s head?
A Japanese manga about a magical door, a girl, and her father?
A manga about a high school boy who learned boxing from book and later started fighting gangs
Why does Aikuro Mikisugi request everyone to use the DTR acronym?
Old anime movie. White birds representing death
A manga about two girls being summoned to another world and mistaken identity
Why does Bakemonogatari exclusively use katakana?
Name of anime in which people/androids are turned into pills and eaten
Manga where a guy, whose girlfriend passed away/dumped him, is left to take care of a little girl and starts getting too attached
What&#39;s this vocal piece in the beginning of episode 18?
What are the 9 mountains and 8 seas?
A novel where the main character is reborn and killed right after birth 26 times due to his silver hair
A manga about an emotive android fighter girl with black hair
What is this anime which started with a boy and his sister riding on a train to another dimension to search for their scientist parents?
What is a Grail vessel?
Mecha anime with a tank and a robot
What&#39;s the significance of the watermelon in Sora no Otoshimono?
What is the significance of Ran&#39;s birthday?
How accurately did Aoi Bungaku follow the original novels?
Did something change for the final episode of Hana Yori Dango?
Who is Monkey D Dragon&#39;s wife / Luffy&#39;s mother?
What exactly are the rollbacks in Higurashi?
What does the fist bump mean in Naruto?
Why do Kenshin&#39;s eyes change color?
Who exactly is Archer from the Unlimited Blade Works movie?
Why does Shinnosuke ask people if they like peppers?
Why didn&#39;t Asuna die in real life when she died in the game?
What is the symbol in Kakashi&#39;s ninja dogs&#39; backs?
Why have Soul and Maka got 0 Souls in Chapter 001a
How could Piccolo blow up the moon, while Goku barely managed to leave a small crater?
What are Byakuya&#39;s Gokei, Senkei and Shuukei?
Why didn&#39;t Utena get involved in the council&#39;s duels sooner?
Gajeel motion sickness has anything to do with Pantherlily becoming his cat?
Why is Koga so different from Inuyasha?
Why does Tobi put up a goofball facade initially?
What is the significance of Asuna&#39;s heterochromia?
What was the controversy with Kokoro Connect?
Tailed beast power equation
Is Shanks that strong?
Does Zetsu have a word soul?
How does the hole in a Hollow&#39;s chest work?
How is a technique categorized as a Kekkei Genkai?
Who is first lieutenant Schr&#246;dinger?
Looking for the name of an 80s anime movie involving a spaceship of girls fighting aliens
Why was Shana naked after using Tenpa Josai?
Does this swordsman pose have any significance?
When is damage &quot;permanent&quot; in Accel World?
Why are the male love-interests of shoujo often portrayed to be top scorers?
How did Sara from Samurai Champloo know about her son?
What determines Remuneration in Darker than Black
How do souls age in Soul Society?
What can energybending do?
Anime about the cameraman from a television show
Why did the location change to &quot;Atlanta&quot; from &quot;Barcelona&quot;?
How did Madara Uchiha survive such a long time?
How did Binchou-tan&#39;s grandmother die?
What is the color of a manga paper?
Live action version based purely on manga
Anime that is based from a western movie
Is Kiroumaru really a bakenezumi?
How does element dominance work in Avatar?
What is the &quot;secret of this world&quot; that the mysterious letters to Rin refer to?
Why are there so many vehicles in the world of Hokuto no Ken?
What is the meaning behind Ginji&#39;s vow to Yukio?
Where do &quot;fiends&quot; get their abnormal strength?
What is the meaning of the title of Fruits Basket?
Do manga artists draw their comics by hand or use computers?
Are the honey-pickled apples from Spice and Wolf historically accurate?
What are the episode titles of Boku no Imouto wa &quot;Oosaka Okan&quot; parodying?
Did Saki become Head of the Ethics Committee?
Why do Kurama and Gyuki appear as chakra while other bijuu don&#39;t?
What is the significance of anime characters&#39; catch phrases?
Ghost in the Shell: Truth behind the Stand Alone Complex - A copy of a Copy?
Why did Frieza need the second transformation?
Why would Himura Kenshin turn back into Hitokiri Battousai?
Why are Ringo-chan&#39;s cheeks always red?
Why was Ueda Ryouhei appointed the head of the Yoshioka clan and not Seijuurou&#39;s son?
What is the name of Misaka 10032&#39;s cat?
How was Tamahome able to get out of the book The Universe of the Four Gods?
What are all of Rin&#39;s cats that have names?
Is Kamineko a jerk?
What is the chibi-esque gathering at the end of each episode?
When does Kud Wafter fit into the story?
What prizes are awarded during the Daihasei Festival?
Who are the members of the Lycaons?
What game are Ant&#243;nio, Carlos and Jobim playing?
In Mobile suit Gundam ZZ, how was Judau able to control the separated parts of his Gundam?
Why does the &quot;A in C major&quot; tone play whenever a strange event occurs in The World?
What is the specialty of Nokogiri?
What is the device in the garden in the first episode?
What is the magazine the Dark Lord reads?
Where did Cobra get his psycho-gun?
Why do anime characters have official birthdays?
Can an Uchiha remain powerful without embracing hatred?
Are there any female mangaka pretending to be a male?
Why are school swimsuits with name tags such a popular item in otaku subculture?
How does Toya give his magic to Yue?
What is the text before the OP in episode 9 talking about?
Is there any jutsu that Naruto won&#39;t be able to master without the Kyuubi?
What is Juha Bach&#39;s motivation?
What is Yue&#39;s relationship with Toya?
In which chapter did the Genei Ryodan fight the chimera ants?
How were there 80,000 ninjas in the Shinobi World War in Naruto?
Why is Naruto allowed to teach Rasengan to Konohamaru?
Is there a superstition about good anime series having character(s) that run in the ED?
What does &quot;Blitzendegen&quot; mean?
What exactly was the Parabellum&#39;s role?
When can I start reading &quot;Soul Eater Not!&quot;?
What convinced Saber to destroy the Holy Grail in the Unlimited Blade Works movie?
How old is Illya?
What is this scene parodying?
Are there other English versions of weekly manga magazines besides Shonen Jump?
What are the badges that Ryou wears?
What is the most popular demographic?
What happened to Hampnie Hambart in Episode 3?
Is the city in which Fruits Basket is set ever identified?
Who was Sue cosplaying as in Genshiken Nidaime episode 4?
Do Bardock and King Vegeta make appearances in Otherworld?
Kendo manga from 15 years ago with dual wielding main character
How did Orochimaru turn Jugo&#39;s ability into the curse mark?
What is the power of the seventh Witch?
What&#39;s the design on their aprons?
Which chapters do I need to read of The World God Only Knows (Manga)?
Does this Arboretum Rooftop Building exist?
Martial arts show with a character named Metsu
Where do the remains of the Sage of the Six Paths lie?
What was the shop that Subaru went into?
What 80s/90&#39;s anime movie has doppelgangers in it?
How does Illya overpower Alter Saber&#39;s Excalibur with her traced version?
How come that Yukiteru won if Ninth was still alive?
What&#39;s the anime about a redhead whose friend uses magic?
Why did the Bleach manga disappear from online readers?
Why does Yomi relate 3661 with &quot;Samurai&quot;?
How does the 3D maneuver gear work?
Is there any alchemy-based transportation in FMA?
What are the governmental structures of the countries in FMA?
What are the sealing techniques use to contain the Tailed Beasts?
Manga with a prodigal martial artist whose body is limited to half power by his father
Is this image from an anime or manga?
What are the &quot;specs&quot; of the afterlife world?
What is the Japanese Dialect Spoken in Ghost Hound?
How did Madara read the Uchiha&#39;s Stone Tablet about the history?
Do Akatsuki rings have abilities?
Can Brook have another Devil Fruit?
What language does Feitan speak when activating Pain Packer?
When do the Bleach Movies occur in relation to the anime?
How come only certain animals can talk?
What is this anime or manga about &quot;Leben Nicht&quot;?
How did they know that some Psychobuster still existed?
The name of the anime movie about apes
What is this anime about a virtual reality world with no pain?
How Did Naruto call Shikamaru and the others during Obito&#39;s fight?
Name of hair style with one strand sticking upwards
Why are anime characters usually drawn without lips?
Is Dracule Mihawk really the strongest swordsman?
How did Naruto defeat Edo Tensei Third Raikage?
How does Sanji produce fire in Water?
What happens to Mr 3?
Could Caesar Clown have controlled Smoker?
How many DBZ episodes were actually made?
What does homura&#39;s runes say?
Why did Julia lose her leg?
Has there ever been an instance of an officially crowd-funded translation of a novel?
Are there any slugs besides Katsuyu in the Naruto universe?
Why weren&#39;t CP9 at the battle in Marineford Arc?
Do I have to watch Naruto before Naruto Shippuden?
Why doesn&#39;t Gedo Mazo have tails?
Why are there songs in OSTs and music albums that don&#39;t appear in the anime?
What did Light write before killing Shibuimaru Takuo?
What does the &quot;teehee&quot; expression mean?
How can Madara use Susano without any eyes
Who is the man with the sign in Episode 10 of Miss Monochrome?
What&#39;s inside Hachikuji&#39;s bag?
Why do Asagi&#39;s eyes change color?
Can anyone tell me what manga this is
How are people supposed to read and understand these part-second text frame scenes?
What is this manga about a guy who completed a video and he gets a mysterious game?
Is &quot;Yatogami&quot; a name or a title?
Looking for manga
What happened to the outside world in Danganronpa?
Is there any canonical evidence that the winged being curses were really lifted?
Do Shanks or Buggy know the location of the One Piece?
Why doesn&#39;t Moeka believe the D-mail Okabe sent from her phone?
What runs in the body of Pokemons?
Where in the manga does the anime end?
What was the point of the angels?
What&#39;s the difference between manga, manhwa, and manhua?
Why Kuroko call Misaka with onee-sama?
Why does Super Sonico always wear headphones?
Why did Menma appear as a grown up?
Are there English dubbed animes on Crunchyroll?
Do Isaac and Miria ever get confronted by law enforcement?
Why did Kakashi kill Rin?
Is it possible for a bijuu to die?
Who did the prime minister call?
Did Gilgamesh know about Sakura?
Is Eren in &#39;Attack On Titan&#39;, immortal?
Are all of the Holy Grail War servants based on real heroes?
Can a person shorten his/her own life by using the note?
What did they use for their toast?
What is this bird?
Anyone know what anime this gif is from?
Who took care of Naruto when he was young?
Are the three Gorgon sisters blood related?
Why does Itoshiki-sensei always wear a kimono?
Why does Kimura Kaere always threaten to sue people?
Where do students get their funds from?
How many ending does Clannad have in Visual Novel?
What is Naruto&#39;s family tree?
Is the Evangelion Remake a remake or a sequel?
Why couldn&#39;t Dante create a Philosophers Stone by herself?
Where did the term fan service came from?
What is the name of this anime i watched in 2004?
Why didn&#39;t Shirohige rescue Ace when he was still in Impel Down
Was Mirajane born with Satan Soul?
What are the names and grades of Zoro&#39;s swords?
What is this shounen manga about a female monster hunter?
What did Hisoka do in the Hunter Exam?
What is an ONA?
Why didn&#39;t Jiraiya use reverse summoning as a way to escape?
Why wasn&#39;t there an OP for Shinobu Time?
If the &quot;Truth&quot; didn&#39;t exist, would that mean that feats such as Human Transmutation would work?
Why does Charmander die if his flame goes out?
What is Serial Experiments Lain about?
Why does Sasuke have only one Rinnegan?
How and why did the tailed beasts grow up?
Which philosophers have influenced Death Note?
Does Natsu have an known actual age?
Is there any relation between hair style and character&#39;s personalities?
About Face and the demons of Tartaros
Are gym masters easy to beat?
Do the lyrics of Madoka Magica&#39;s two movie OPs foreshadow Rebellion&#39;s ending?
What meaning does the phrase &quot;Zawsze in Love&quot; have?
Why is Sailor Moon (2014) not airing on TV?
Anime with a disease stricken woman and her lover who ventures out to find a cure
Who is the main character of Fairy Tail?
Why didn&#39;t Ross&#39; broken bracelet cause suspicion?
Is Haki visible to other characters?
Can the Limbo clones use all the techniques of the jutsu owner?
Which anime series was the first to be aired on Japanese TV?
Why does Hanekawa know about Black Hanekawa?
Do we know Kyon&#39;s real name?
What is the purpose of &quot;second key&quot; animation?
What were the other nine questions in the Chuunin exams?
Saiyan Power Levels?
Watching order for &quot;Toaru Majutsu no Index&quot; and related anime
How realistic are the names of Japanese characters?
How much are &quot;cens&quot; worth?
Is &quot;Payday&quot; Money, real money?
Why the title &quot;Second Season&quot;?
Guy cross-dress to frequent school and met father&#39;s last wish?
Are there any official anime-themed LEGO sets?
Does air bending have a sub skill, and if it does what is it?
Why are all magicians female?
Need help remembering an RPG-like anime set in a medieval/middle ages atmosphere
What&#39;s this manga with a woman with body image issues?
Why is (action-adventure) anime so focused on teenagers?
What is the name of the manga which depicts Hitler as a Super Aryan?
Can the Titans swim?
What does the Death Note consider as &quot;original lifespan&quot;?
Are there any academic journals that focus on anime/manga?
Name of an anime show
Name of a old anime, involves a red and blue crystal ball that both can turn into a sword
Must you write the full name of a person in the death note to kill them?
Why was Mustang&#39;s vision restored, when Izumi Curtis didn&#39;t get her organs back?
Can Formula One prodigies like Haruka (Sailor Uranus) drive younger than Japan&#39;s legal driving age?
Where does the word &quot;Nyanpasu&quot; come from?
Apart from Momotaro&#39;s Sea Eagles, did any other animated propaganda survive WWII?
What is the importance of the number 7?
What is this anime song?
How rare is it to find an anime script from the late 1990s for purchase?
Why do Aya and Youko consider going to a ramen shop alone so amazing?
Is the anime called &quot;Working!!&quot; or &quot;Wagnaria!!&quot;?
Did Death know Blair was a cat and not a witch?
Is kuroneko from Oreimo considered dandere?
Why doesn&#39;t Kaisei want to be seen by Yasaburou?
Why is Madara supposedly dead?
What does Jojo&#39;s Bizarre Adventure have so many English references?
Anime in which a girls family is killed and there was a prophecy?
What&#39;s the basis for the gender of Black Hanekawa as reported on the wikia?
What&#39;s this manga with girl who does household chores and a guy in piercings and tattoos outside of school?
What&#39;s this anime on the DVD cover in part of this photo?
Does the Japanese The Last Mission DVD have English subtitles?
Why is Rider called &quot;Iskander&quot; instead of &quot;Alexander&quot;?
What is Alluka&#39;s (Nanika&#39;s) gender?
What is the theme of Glasslip anime?
What&#39;s this anime with a character with a black spiral tattoo that can turn into swords?
Who is that at the end of episode 2?
What happens if Holo eats all the Wheat?
Can you protect People with the Death Note by writing their name in it?
When is Kirino Kousaka&#39;s birthday?
What anime is this child from?
What does &quot;Elohim, Essaim... Elohim, Essaim I implore you&quot; mean?
What is the name of the background music before the performance?
Anime movie about a guy going to hell and being reborn as a boy in middle/highschool
Why did Kirito toss the sword away in episode 17 of the second season?
Movie anime from 80s alien girl want marry boy because he removed her bra ... Dunno if the planet would be destroyed or invaded
Did Kakashi eventually surpass Itachi, Jiraiya, Tsunade, and Orochimaru?
How is Walpurgisnacht&#39;s appearance predicted?
Why are the majority of characters named after car manufacturers?
Anime set in the future where naturally born and artifically created humans coexist
What is the meaning of the title?
Which Akame ga KILL! manga should I read if I want to continue the storyline of the anime?
Help me find a series with a girl bleeding out in a guy&#39;s arms
Why did they censor the word spam?
Why did Kaoru&#39;s hair color change?
Definition of a reverse trap
Looking for a horror manga I read some years ago
Is intentionally producing a lower quality TV release unique to anime?
Why is it that almost every anime I watch is about School kids?
Anime about a reunited friends who turn out to be each other&#39;s fiancee
Can someone identify this old anime labeled as Saber Marionette R which it is NOT?
What is this monster collection anime with a kid that has a hammer-like weapon?
Looking for anime a sword, an axe and a bow activating robots
Why isn&#39;t Blackbeard dead?
Is someone who wrote his name in the Death Note allowed to make the eye deal?
So what exactly was his &quot;lie&quot; in april?
What anime, fanart, or random art is this girl with a gun from?
What is Takasu Yasuko&#39;s profession?
Long shot: ID an Anime Series
What is Ougi reading on her phone when she meets Araragi at the steps to the shrine?
Anime about young dead people roaming the earth and being hunted by monsters
A manga about a boy carrying a large sword which can be powered up by inserting beads in it
Is this fluffy thing a rabbit?
Melody from an anime I can&#39;t remember
Which Anime is the girl in the middle from?
A shoujo anime about a girl who exorcise demons with the help of 3 guys
When did Naruto learn how to generate a Rasengan unassisted?
An anime about a bullied girl who gets help from a &quot;god&quot;?
Looking for a manga with a girl that can see people&#39;s thoughts
What is this anime about a gloomy girl with black hair liking a popular boy at her school?
Where can I purchase anime soundtracks for download?
Please help me identify my childhood manga about a boy fighting in a tournament
Help identifying a manga about a small girl with telekenetic powers
Why was Natsu called a pervert?
What is the significance of the lottery box in Yuru Yuri Nachuyachumi! OVA? And why are some of the words crossed out?
A children&#39;s anime with a professor and a polar bear
What is this manga about a boy with special eyes recruited by 3 girls to hunt murderers?
Anime with a boy wearing a sun-shaped crown
Please help me find a mecha-horror anime in which a cat turns in to a demon
Why is Tokyo Ghoul&#39;s second season called √A?
Why is Saber wearing a white wedding dress and why was she posed like that?
Who is Hanazawa Hanako?
Should one read/watch Triangle Heart before diving into the Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha series?
What is this anime about a church orphan who had to testify against his fat friend?
Does Deimon win the Christmas bowl?
What rule of time travel applies on Steins;Gate?
What is the relation between Ergo Proxy and Vincent Law?
How closely does Princess Tutu follow Swan Lake and The Nutcracker?
How closely does the Saiunkoku Monogatari anime series follow the light novels?
Do ninjas have extended lifespans?
Does Ichigo originally have Sode no Shiraiyuki?
What happened at the end of Fate/Zero?
Does Saotome Ranma talk like a member of the Yakuza?
In Katekyo Hitman Reborn!, why does Bermuda always address characters as -kun?
What&#39;s Kakuzu original chakra nature element?
Does Tobi control his teleportation consciously?
How did the Hashirama and Madara statues at the Valley of the End come to be?
Do the other Ronin Warriors receive power upgrades?
In Darker than Black: Ryuusei no Gemini, what happens to Hei&#39;s powers?
Why does Mamoru Oshii include a basset hound in his movies?
What&#39;s the meaning and motivation of Izaya&#39;s behavior in &quot;Highly Unpredictable&quot; episode?
When does the Deadzone movie take place in the DBZ storyline?
What are the techniques/fighting styles displayed in Bleach?
What constitutes as an Yin/Yang/Yinyang element technique?
How could Aang stay alive for 100 years?
Why did Orb develop the GUNDAMs?
What happened to Claus in Last Exile?
At which age are ninjas revived with Edo-Tensei?
What qualifies one as a Dai-Yokai?
Which mythologies or folktales inspired the stories in Mushishi?
Arata Naru Sekai OVA, premise and explanation of the ending?
How are manhwa and manhua received in Japan?
What&#39;s the correct pronunciation for Luffy or Rufi?
Why do certain captain-level Shinigami wield small zanpakuto?
How much time did the Mugiwara crew take to reach Sabaody Archipelago?
Where do Saga&#39;s pants come from?
Is the Hyuuga main family&#39;s juinjutsu a Swastika?
Who is Ichigo&#39;s Father, Isshin?
What do the Hidamari Sketch &quot;taglines&quot; signify?
How does Natalia get from the baggage compartment to the cockpit?
Why is cowboy bebop almost unheard of in japan?
When does the Cowboy Bebop Manga take place within the Anime?
How can one achieve incredible chakra such as that of the Third Raikage or Kisame?
How did Chi end up in the trash?
Is Hyouge Mono historically accurate?
How are the Tenchi timelines related?
What did Enel do after being defeated?
Does Shinigami powers transfer occur only with stabbing through the chest?
Does (Taju) Kage Bushin no Justu return the user his Chakra after he undoes this jutsu?
Does the original jutsu user feel anything when a shadow clone is dispersed forcefully?
Are there only 100 possible futures?
Which of the OreImo endings followed the light novels?
What settings/characters/events portrayed in Samurai Champloo are based in real events?
Does the Parappa the Rapper anime actually have any rapping?
What happened to Lala in To LOVE-Ru Darkness?
What is the significance of the symbol in Tanaka&#39;s eyes?
How does Treize survive the train wreck at the end of Allison &amp; Lillia?
How can there be a one Nirvash, not to mention two?
Why did people start falling unconscious in Futari Wa Pretty Cure?
What happens to the discarded body of a person hit by the Dying Will bullet?
Title of an anime with a certain side-story
How did GTO: Shonan 14 Days end?
How much of THE iDOLM@STER was based on the games?
Does a Devil ever get more Evil Pieces?
How does the Organization create Yoma?
How did Kushina survive the extraction of the Kyuubi?
How does Shi-Woon regenerate his wounds so fast?
Why didn&#39;t people of the Leaf Village want to get closer to Naruto if he is the son of the 4th Hokage?
Anime featuring a circus
Manga involving indirect kiss through icecream
When does Kakashi first use his Mangekyou Sharingan?
Why is the Third Hokage not revived at his prime?
What happened to Suguru at the end?
What male characters are in Touhou?
Anime where androids have super powers
Is there any anime continuing or inspired by Golden Boy (Kintaro)?
Is Grimmjow Jaegerjaquez alive?
What are the ninja clans?
What does chakra physically act like?
Do many anime play the main theme during the final battle?
What is that manga about an elf who made swords out of his hair?
Would the Inuzuka or Nara technique count as a kekkei genkai?
What are the names of all the Angels in Neon Genesis Evangelion?
What is the contract between Calcifer and Howl?
What happens to Tien after the episode - &quot;Tien goes all out&quot;?
Kiba&#39;s Long Day (Naruto)
Where did the strawberry pantsu trope originate?
Where does Kyoko get those delicious looking apples?
Has Shoji Kawamori ever commented on Robotech?
Where do the American and Japanese Transformers franchises meet?
Why are there only 2 (known) parallel universes in DragonBall?
What part of Tiger &amp; Bunny do purple, white, and green plastic bins refer to?
What happened to all the talking animals in Dragon Ball?
How can the man in the back see?
Why did the mage have multiple personalities?
Why do some characters not have surnames?
Were there any parts of the manga that were skipped in the anime?
Who set Yuuko&#39;s sphere of allowable interference?
Why do Gargantians call Chamber &quot;Yunboroid&quot; or &quot;Yunboro&quot;?
Pikachu vs Pikachu
How many siblings does Tonnura have?
How can Sakamoto talk?
Were Luna and Artemis the only (sentient) cats in Sailor Moon?
Is &quot;The Melancholy of Momoneko-sama&quot; based on any legends?
Was Chiyo&#39;s real father ever shown?
Is there a continuation of Darker than Black: Gemini of the Meteor?
Was the apparition Shion saw in his flashbacks Izanagi?
What kind of creature is Chiyo-chichi?
When do the Kodomo no Jikan OVA side stories take place?
Does Nao ever realize that Pastel Ink is Ink?
Is there a difference between BFB and Basquash?
What games does Faye play when she loses all of her money?
What caused the shift in the world after the climax of the show?
Does Kanon enjoy figure skating?
How is Petit Eva: Evangelion@School related to Neon Genesis Evangelion?
What exactly is misanga that was mentioned in Ano Hana&#39;s opening?
Is Guilty Crown on DVD in the USA, UK, or Australia?
Do the Bleach light novels follow the manga plot?
Was there ever an a cappella version of Nemurihime released?
When did Sakamoto get his three chips?
How does Pengin die in the fight with Emonzaemon?
Was &quot;Snow Rondo&quot; all a dream or was there something more to it?
What are the &quot;tentacles&quot; coming out of people&#39;s heads?
How did Chris gain the power of Garzey&#39;s Wing?
What connection is there between the Black Rock Shooter anime and PSP game?
What exactly is a Pencil Board?
Overlaps between Paradise Kiss &amp; Nana?
Who is Shiki talking to in one of his dreams in one of the Far Side Routes?
What happened to Gyro?
Can Accelerator be harmed by space-time abilities (such as teleportation)?
Are background and foreground delegated separately in anime production?
Can Naruto or Sasuke be promoted directly from Genin to Hokage?
Why does Usui wear glasses at home?
In Melty Blood, is Shiki Nanaya the master or servant of White Len?
What or who can kill Orochimaru&#39;s life force?
Who did Naruto summon?
Is Gatchaman Crowds set in the same universe as Gatchaman?
What are Archer&#39;s twin swords based off of?
How can Tsunade recover that fast with just a bite from Karin?
Why do red Saber and blue Saber look so alike?
What territory would the Aozaki Clan have?
Who is this shadow from the second Valvrave ED?
Which episode is spoofed in this section of opening sequence?
What&#39;s the meaning of the numbers at the end of the episode?
What artbook is this image of an angel girl from?
When did Kagami first attend a Comiket?
What is the first transforming/morping mobile suit/robot in anime?
Who are some of the Koha-Ace characters in the ED?
Why does Togame&#39;s eye change?
What manga is Ken Akamatsu currently working on?
When did Kakashi and Obito awaken their Mangekyou Sharingan?
Why do the Black Star Dragon Balls exist?
Why didn&#39;t Tobi bring Sasuke to fight in the Shinobi war?
Why wasn&#39;t a Uchiha asked to control the Nine Tails during its attack?
Is Obito on Sage Mode?
What will happen to the tailed beast if the jinchuruki is killed?
Is &quot;Ray&quot; a sidestory of &quot;Black Jack&quot;?
What happened to Retsu&#39;s doll at the clothing shop?
Was Shogun artificially aged?
Why is Kabuto referred to as &quot;Four Eyes&quot;?
Is there a site which has lists of anime/manga/novels and has up-to-date information of releases
What are the six paths?
How come Donyatsu can stand in the rain?
Is the &quot;wakakusa&quot; ad a references to something?
When did the practice of having multiple series for a world begin?
Do all published manga originate from one-shots?
In what order should I watch Daily Lives of High School Boys series?
Who was the first avatar?
How is the voice quality of a seiyuu classified?
What technique did Minato use to separate the Kyuubi into two parts?
What is the name of this anime with nekomimi?
How different are the Index light novels from the manga/anime?
Why Is Sesshoumaru a full youkai?
Who was the child of the first Hokage?
Why was everyone attempting to fool Ulla?
Why K9999 is almost identical to Tetsuo Shima?
What exactly is Madara implying about the Sage of Six Paths?
Can you help me identify what supernatural anime with white-haired protagonist this is?
What are the colours of the Magical Girl&#39;s Rings?
Did Yamamoto Genryuusai use all his power aganist Aizen?
How were the Giant Hornets actually defeated?
Are the other Puella Magi mangas separate stories?
Why is katakana used for the onomatopoeia/sounds in the background?
What is this Zabieru Tanegashima character a reference to?
Is Minato a Jinchuuriki?
Who created the Uchiha&#39;s Clan&#39;s stone tablet in the Naka Shrine?
What are these guys eating?
Who are the shadows who speak to Grand-Fisher
What was the inspiration for &quot;many copies, no original&quot;?
Why do producers translate some anime titles?
Old mecha anime with white winged aliens
Does the Spice and Wolf anime follow the same events as the manga
What are the powers of the Sword of Nunoboko?
When is the Blu-ray release of Kaze Tachinu/The Wind Rises
What type of pokemon is beedrill?
How Edward managed to escape from Gluttony?
What&#39;s the difference between Father, Van Hohenheim, and the main Homunculi?
Can reanimated Chiyo use One&#39;s Own Life Reincarnation technique?
What type of government structure exists in Shingeki no Kyojin?
Why does Edward prefer to use his automail over Alchemy?
How does Goku&#39;s hair grow longer when he becomes Super Saiyan 3?
Why does Rin have cat-ears?
What happened to Bon Clay after the Impel Down arc?
Why do Yuko&#39;s poems always end in &#39;Mogami River&#39;?
How is the ability of a devil fruit discovered?
What happen at the end of the third Madoka Magica movie?
What is the full timeline for the invasion of Japan?
Where to buy Berserk in digital format?
Why did reanimated Itachi lose eye vision after using Izanami?
What did Uchiha Madara do to Obito with the Black Zetsu?
What does being a saint mean?
How was the Ten Tails actually separated?
Manga where the female protagonist has amnesia
How does Aizen&#39;s sword work?
When is the Blue Exorcist movie set?
Does Suguru even have voice acting?
What is Ms. Saotome referring to in her rant about the end of the world?
Why is Sanji&#39;s Wanted Poster drawn?
Can anyone tell me what anime this nekomimi girl is from?
Did Sasuke get all special abilities of Itachi?
Why didn&#39;t Light use Shinigami eyes?
What&#39;s up with Sasazuka always getting sent to stand in the hallway?
Is there any specific reason as to why female voice actors do dubbing for male role in anime?
Who was George?
What happens to the Miester when they complete a Death Scythe?
What was the point of blocking the robot outbreak using Kill-Ballad?
What are the differences of Near in the manga version
Is it possible for Kakashi to obtain an Eternal Mangekyo Sharingan?
What does Tenri whisper to Diana?
What is this anime with the power to change garbage into a tree?
Is there a way to tell the difference between an Arc and a Season?
What is Dr. Kureha secret?
What would&#39;ve happened if Obito wouldn&#39;t accept Kabuto&#39;s help?
Where did &quot;dattebayo&quot; come from?
What language are the spells/chants in?
What is the color of the State alchemist pocket watch?
I&#39;m looking for an anime/movie that involved a plot with 2 boys and 1 girl. Had a piano. Something about different dimensions?
Why is the mikan so popular in anime and manga?
Can someone learn more than one alchemy?
Are the peculiar one piece laughs based on anything?
Do we know anything about Obito&#39;s parents?
Can writing in the death note influence others?
What did Menma say after the credits at the end of the AnoHana Movie?
Does Izanagi really require both Senju and Uchiha DNA?
Can loose souls hide in males?
How important are those hand seals really?
Can the Three Great Magic of Fairy Tail can only used by Fairy Tail members?
How many magicians quit after the 7-year time skip?
Difference Between the Anime and Manga for Gunslinger Girl?
What did Elsie type at the first try?
What are the differences between the One Piece anime and manga?
What anime is this music from?
How much has changed since the start of One piece?
Where is Pride&#39;s homunculus tattoo?
Where did Team Rocket get all of their vehicles and machines?
Is it true that Angel Beats was originally set for 2 cours before being cut down to 1?
How did Unohana kill people if her zanpaktou was a healing type?
What part of garment is this?
What is the cause of the zombie outbreak?
Is there some type of connection between Mavis and Zeref?
How strong is Magellan?
Which episodes of Fairy Tail are anime-exclusive?
Who is this silhouetted figure in the first OP?
How do they imbue their weapons with Haki?
Why didn&#39;t Jinbe and Ace wear prisoner uniforms?
Are there any Evangelion games out there in US or EU?
Why did the Tree of Beginnings turn people into Iron?
Is this Monogatari opening a take on another artists&#39; style?
Anime about old people nursed in high-tech beds
Anime about a guy searching for some girl with a music box
Is it possible to have 2 guild marks?
Who did Mirajane, Gildarts and Erza face off against to become a S-Class Mage?
What is the level of technology in the Naruto universe?
A extremely lazy girl that goes to the barber
Who is this in Fairy Tail?
What is Sabo&#39;s Power?
Does the theme song いのちの名前 / &quot;Inochi no Namae&quot; have any meaningful connection to the story of Spirited Away?
Who is this female character from the 2005 series?
Why do Aria and Suzu always play the drum and whistle?
How can I quickly understand the basics of Naruto and the story without watching all 300+ episodes?
Who is this and what show is it from?
Why does Seki-kun need a voice actor?
What is the longest battle in anime?
Is the &quot;Manabi Line&quot; a correct way for estimating anime profit/loss?
Where does Aizen make this quote about self-rightfulness?
Lost style survival manga, but with dinosaur twist
Why did Kagami have difficulty using Konata&#39;s keyboard?
How did the society where the story of Shin Sekai Yori takes place come to be?
What was the deal with Haruhi&#39;s Endless Eight?
Anime where character&#39;s hand transforms?
Is this supposed to be a reference to Chinese socialist posters?
Why did Sabo eat the Mera Mera no Mi fruit?
Can Anpanman die if he loses his entire head?
An ecchi anime with time travel and love-triangle elements
Why is Danbo so popular?
Manga/anime about a woman who can turn into a monster
Does anybody recognize this anime with a military parade?
What happened to Eren to make him not be able to turn into a Titan anymore in chapter 53 of the manga
Manga about WWII in Japan
What is the name of this spirit manga?
What is this anime in which the main characters train to stop Satan and they all wear weird suits?
Is the story of &quot;Welcome to the N.H.K.&quot; based on a real conspiracy?
What is this detective manga?
What&#39;s the name of this vehicle in Code Geass?
Dating simulator anime?
Translation for the ability graph
What is this anime about people turning into light?
Where can I find this song from The World is Still Beautiful?
Sage mode for slugs
In session 23 at 14:45, is Ein hacking or is Ed?
Anime where the protagonist has a long lost friend who loves him
Why do Kagura and Yomi from Ga-Rei show up in Tokyo ESP?
Why is there no official character song for Homura and Mami?
How is Solomon&#39;s Wisdom acquired?
Looking for blond hair girl with pink dragon tail anime
Why Marika didn&#39;t wear same uniform with others?
When was the first usage of &#39;white light&#39; censorship in anime?
What manga is this quote from?
Is Ishbal based on or inspired by the Holocaust?
Which Japanese animation was the first to be banned and where?
What is this manga about a female monster fighter called?
What would be considered canon in the Pokemon franchise?
Is the Tenshinhan&#39;s Shin Kikoho technique, a triangle or square?
Was the first time Zoro experienced haki in Alabasta?
What order are couplings like &#39;CharAxCharB&#39; in?
Name of a manga about angels and devils marriage for peace
Manga about brother and sister whose parents died in a car accident
What was the purpose behind the personification of certain elements in The Wind Rises?
Does Sugar remember who she had turned into a toy?
Why Black Zetsu is attached to Kaguya Ootsutsuki?
Steins;Gate, Chaos;Head and Robotics;Notes naming convention with semicolon?
Where do the terms &quot;Law of Wheels/Cycles&quot; come from?
Was Kyoko and Chizuru&#39;s first meeting ever shown in the manga?
What&#39;s this anime with a girl and a sci-fi airplane in it?
What was Eren&#39;s vision about?
Who are the other two girls whose hair Araragi has cut?
Why are not all Exceeds able to transform into an anthropoid (humanlike) form?
What&#39;s the meaning behind the text in the intro of Sabagebu?
Who is this black haired girl with a massive sword and gun
Was &quot;Baby Kangaroo&#39;s Birthday Surprise&quot; the target of any censorship?
Read a manga half a year ago went to find it was about a martial artist?
Who are these guys seen in chapter 691?
Can you kill a human with a Death Note in less than forty seconds?
Why is there an extreme amount of censoring in Jojo (Stardust Crusaders) on Crunchyroll?
Why change an anime series into a recap movie?
What game are Mio and Yuko playing on the train?
What&#39;s this edited image with a man lying in bed and a spectre haunting him from?
How did Asuna and Kirito survive?
What is this anime that has a strange flying sun totem?
What is the meaning of Brook&#39;s 45 degrees technique?
What specific event was the forking point between the two storylines?
What anime is this dakimakura from?
What is the typical equipment/clothing for a Soul Reaper?
In Mirai Nikki, what happens if your phone turns off?
Anime where people get attacked on the train on their way to court
How many classes of dangerous beast in Akame ga Kill?
Where to watch One Piece from?
What is this guy with a cross scar on his left cheek reference of?
Which episodes are canon?
Can someone own multiple death notes?
Trying to remember a possible Sci Fi Anime/Movie
What exactly is the Susano&#39;o technique?
Why is &quot;Puella Magi&quot; equivalent to &quot;Mahou Shoujo&quot;
In which episode is this scene with two Zoros?
Naruto&#39;s surname confusion
What&#39;s the significance of apples in the OP?
Where does the Heavens Lost Property anime split from the manga
What&#39;s this character that always dies?
List of official anime releases
Job request in Fairy Tail untouched for hundreds of episodes
Is the manga Emma a retelling of Jane Austen&#39;s novel?
Help? I have no idea who this is off of which anime
How/when did Van Hohenheim change his name?
Manga about a student having nightmares
Why is Kitamura called &quot;Maruo&quot; by Kihara?
Who is the silver-haired girl from this picture?
Why was Hideaki Anno picked to voice Jirou in The Wind Rises?
Help me remember this movie that isn&#39;t Spirited Away
Should the name of the main character in the &quot;Fate Kaleid Liner&quot; be Illya or Ilya
An 80s or 90s military sci-fi anime movie where a squad of marines in mecha suits were mind-controlled by aliens
Anyone know what series this image belongs to?
Where is this Shingeki no Kyojin light novel in the series&#39; timeline?
Is there more than 1 type of light novel in the Spice and Wolf series?
Does an Oedipus the King manga actually exist?
Why is the childhood friend trope commonly seen in anime?
Which characters are featured in the Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood eyecatches?
How did Saber become more linked to lions than dragons?
Are there any prominent non-fan dubs of &quot;A Cruel Angel&#39;s Thesis&quot; in other languages?
Need help identifying school anime with short, blonde female character
Is there a reason for the sudden change in style in episode 11?
Why can&#39;t Roy Mustang bring his eyes back using his gate?
Who applies censorship on an ecchi anime?
How old were Ed and Al when they performed the human transmutation?
What&#39;s the anime where people kill monsters?
How exactly were Ryu and Taiga planning to elope after his 18th birthday, given the Japanese mariage law?
Anime with invisible sword that comes into reality when the wielder wills it
Brain flour and fairies
Manga about demon/monster slaying girl who lost her father as a child?
What is the title of the song that plays during the next episode(18) previews of Parasyte -the maxim-?
An anime with a scene where the protagonist fights against biological dolls
Who is this third character and what is her connection?
Romance manga about a group of legendary children
What&#39;s this picture of a smiling character with blue eyes and light hair from?
Can Shiki kill servants?
Why does the stranger lend Akira pants
What anime is this featuring a girl wearing a yellow shirt?
Need to find anime with a half-demon protagonist and his demon-killing gang
Do we know which side is heaven/hell?
Why are wash pans dropped on a character&#39;s head?
In Saekano episode 0, what does this censored word and its context mean?
An old anime/cartoon set in prehistoric time where the main character dresses like Tarzan and lives in a jungle
Parasyte anime 20 years after the manga finished - Why?
Who are all the characters Tomoko imagines?
Manga about a man creating stars...?
What hints were shown during the series to who was the extra person in the classroom?
Who are the ninjas Team 7 is fighting with in Naruto Shippuden Ending 32?
Why do many visual novels contain erotic content?
An old anime (1998-2007) about a guy living with a couple of girls under the same roof
What is the difference between &quot;arc&quot;, &quot;hen&quot; and &quot;season&quot; when categorizing anime series sub-stories?
In Episode 9 of Steins;Gate, why did Feris&#39;s message affect the past?
An anime from 10 years ago or more about a female vampire with mature appearance who saved a man
An anime from around 2004 - 2008 with a scene of a girl walking through a dying forest
Anime identification request about guy with invisible pills (hentai)
Looking for a manga about a guy who gets different girlfriends as a result of time travel
What manga is this picture of a melting boy from?
Manga about a survival game where people in the game make friends with outsiders using cell phones
Shoujo manga or regular manga about a love story between a girl and a baseball player
A romance manga about a girl going deaf in her right ear
How is the Shadow Clone technique different from other cloning techniques?
Title of a horror manga where living beings get resurrected in trade for another
Do seniority relations among the fleet girls have any basis in properties of the actual ships?
Why did Akihiko Kayaba make death permanent in Sword Art Online?
Try to find this pinocchio (anime) episode
Looking for the name of an anime about a guy who leaves his village with 2 friends
I&#39;m looking for a manga about a girl who can smell when people are sexually aroused
Did Kirito lie about being the *best* beta tester?
What&#39;s the name of this romance/ecchi manga about a girl who becomes the landlord of a boy&#39;s house?
Why didn&#39;t the Eight Tails&#39; horns grow back?
What is the name of this manga with the survivors of an epidemic gaining super powers?
Manga about an overthrown emperor who puts two souls into him and trains in the mountain
Looking for the name of an anime with a guy who was so fast, he let the enemy&#39;s sword practically touch him before he reacted
Do people still travel to and from Vers after Heaven&#39;s Fall?
Why do some Anime have Loli Teachers?
Where does the &quot;Lyrical&quot; part come from?
Anime about a little girl who lives in a cabin by herself in the middle of the forest/woods
An anime of a boy with a girl robot which can transform into motorcycle
Looking for anime/OVA with 2 boys, one with fire power, the other with ice. Yaoi undertones
Did Lucy ever recover her consciousness?
Questions about the signal flags used in the animated film &quot;From Up On Poppy Hill&quot;
An anime where a male character brings back some seeds and implants it on the wrist of his daughter
What anime features robot armor and reference to &quot;Dell Power&quot;
Is it physically possible to turn a mahjong tile white with a super grip?
A comedy children&#39;s anime with a dragon who has a regulator on his stomach
What do servants expect will happen at the end of the Holy Grail war?
The Chuunibyou crew wants to do what to &quot;this world&quot;, exactly?
How is King Bradley&#39;s sword so sharp?
An animation featuring two chibis wearing tiger and dragon costumes duking it out
Is there any meaning to the rail lines in Bakemonogatari&#39;s &quot;Tsubasa Cat&quot; OP?
How do you extract texts into a text format that you can copy and paste from visual novels?
What is the relationship between Gunbuster and Diebuster?
Is there an explanation to the One Piece anime not having an ending song?
What&#39;s the difference between the Full Moon wo Sagashite manga and anime?
Where do Kekkei Genkai abilities (genetic abilities) originate from?
Gilgamesh&#39;s ancient fighter plane
How are the Divergence Number and world line related?
Are there really differences between the story lines of the Rahxephon movie and series?
Where and how does bleach anime diverge from manga? (Where to start manga if seen anime.)
What are Holo&#39;s roots in Japanese tradition?
Which Melty Blood games are relevant, plotwise?
How could Sasuke match Lee&#39;s speed?
Why are anime music videos admitted in anime conventions?
What is the difference between a regular wall and the wall Kakashi summoned?
How does someone obtain spiritual powers?
What&#39;s the connection between Zangetsu and White Ichigo?
Who are the people that know how to use Kaio-Ken?
Who is the character on Suguru&#39;s shirt?
Why couldn&#39;t Celty find what she was looking for?
Does &quot;The Lost Canvas&quot; OVA have a sequel?
What is the song played in Operation 11: Fallen Angel Rina?
Does Summoning: Impure World Resurrection automatically equip the reincarnated shinobi?
Who was piloting the White Knight Infinite Stratos?
Why is there a time limit on Tobi&#39;s dematerialization technique?
Why didn&#39;t Orihime use her powers to reject the creation of the Espada?
What does it mean to have &quot;powerful&quot; chakra?
What is Shounen Bat?
Does the mark on Kimimaro&#39;s forehead have significance?
Why is there a 14th Noah?
What is the idea for exchanging Alice stones for engagement based on?
What is the One Piece&#39;s &quot;Episode of Nami&quot; categorized as?
How old is Alucard?
What are the major factions and players on the Magic and the Science side?
What are those petite animals that resemble the main cast?
Is it known if Ergo Proxy is really set in our world?
Why is the Belial considered a 4th-generation Arm Slave?
How does Starlight Breaker work?
What happened to Kintoki Sakata?
Why does Tsuna lose his clothes when infused with the Dying Will?
What are the differences between types of anime?
Why does Takuto break Wako&#39;s seal at the end of Star Driver?
What are the &quot;recitals&quot; in Monster?
What was the swarm of moths in the final episode of The Tatami Galaxy?
Why does Zero have such a strong reaction to Shizuka Hio&#39;s voice?
Are water spirit users ever seen?
How does someone become a contractor in Kaze no Stigma?
Why didn&#39;t Naruto learn the basics of chakra control?
Why is there a war in &quot;Fireball&quot; and &quot;Fireball Charming&quot;&#39;?
Why does Yuuki&#39;s room change?
Why does Mint have rabbit ears?
What are the feathers on Rei&#39;s neck?
Did Kanade Oe break the &quot;4th wall&quot;?
What is this series featuring a boy that gets a calling card and ends up fighting in another dimension?
What was removed between the Japanese and English releases of &quot;Odin: Photon Space Sailer Starlight&quot;?
Beelzebub main focus is comedy? or story?
Where is Vampire Knight set?
Is the reanimated Minato much stronger than when he was alive?
In which episode were there two Pikachus?
How was summoning jutsu created?
What other sacred/legendary places exist that are like Mount Myoboku, Ryuuchi Cave, and Shikkotsu Forest?
How could the machine in Gantz manipulate life and death?
Do otaku tend to be bullied?
Does the Magical Star Kanon 100% spinoff fit canonically within the main series?
Why does it seem like Syaoran likes Yukito?
Did Yu-Gi-Oh GX end after Yubel was defeated?
Why does Tsubasa Reservoir Chronicle use the same characters as Card Captor Sakura?
What are the types of jutsus that exist in Naruto?
Is it explained why Satoshi cannot create art?
What causes people who come in contact with the &quot;Time Fruit&quot; to change?
What is the significance behind the apples and boxes?
How did Saki meet Shun near the end of the show?
Tomiko&#39;s &quot;new exercise&quot; for Saki
Will &quot;Shinigami-sama ni Saigo no Onegai wo&quot; be continued?
Why does &#201;l&#233;onore call Louise &quot;Chibi-Louise&quot;?
Why does the Japanese version of Mushrambo/Shinzo start at episode 2?
Why does cutting out part of Orochimaru’s soul cause him to lose the use of his arms?
Is Mangirl based off a real story to some degree?
&#39;Satisfaction Guaranteed&#39; - was anything past volume 7 ever released in English?
Why did the men and women in Vandread split up to begin with?
Why did Midori become Seiji&#39;s right hand?
Did Sora / Kite ever return to the world?
What was the motive for kidnapping Eri in the 1st episode of Railgun season 2?
Why is Poyo completely round?
What species is Pannya?
When was Shion&#39;s flashback of him and his father camping set at?
Is this character from an anime series?
Have the creators of Tokyo Mew Mew or Sailor Moon commented on the similarities?
What are the characteristics and themes present in Gundam characters based on Char Aznable?
Are these One Piece characters based on western children&#39;s story characters?
Is Subaru ever caught in the vault?
Are there any episodes of Digimon that weren&#39;t dubbed to English?
Is the Omnimon reference in Season 2 relating to the first Movie?
Are there bands specifically dedicated to anime?
Are the members of Beck based on real life musicians?
In the end of the last episode of RahXephon, do everyone retain their old memories?
What is the meaning of the number on the Buso Renkin medallion?
Why were most of the characters&#39; names changed in the dubs?
Why is Gally&#39;s name localized as Alita?
How was the Dai-Gurren improved in episode 12?
What is the purpose of the watermelon in the ritual at the beach?
What is the disease called &quot;Tsurarekia (ツラレキア)&quot;?
Why does Li hate Mizuki?
Is there any more meaning to Ren&#39;s name?
What was the name of old anime which featured Earth as planet Terra?
What has been added and/or changed in the 2 Gurren Lagann movies compared to TV series?
Why are there so many &quot;in Wonderland&quot; episodes?
Ghost in the Shell: Arise US release date?
Why do Saber and Rin sound disappointed when they see inside Shiro&#39;s shed?
What are the differences between normal version and director&#39;s cut version of episode 6?
What are all the cross-references in Binbo Gami Ga?
Why is Karila&#39;s uniform different from the other girls&#39;?
Why do people tend to say Kara no Kyoukai &quot;Does not exist&quot;
What does the ending mean?
Is there any connection between the Vandenreich and the Bounto?
Does the chunin exam ends with only one winner?
Trying to identify old Soviet-bloc film involving shoe-print in the back of the head
Why did Nano explode?
What are the differences between the 2002 and 2006 versions of Kanon?
Who is &quot;Sala Powell&quot; in HoTD?
What were the first anime and manga based on real idols?
Is there a canon explanation as to why Naruto still likes Sakura?
Why does Shin Sekai Yori portray a homosexual relationship?
Are anime more popular than Western cartoons?
Why are many anime characters blond?
How many SDF-#&#39;s are there?
Are Homura&#39;s wings witch wings in the end?
Is Amber still alive after season 1?
Why are Kuwabara and Yusuke&#39;s uniforms different from other students?
Where did the humans used as food in Makai come from?
What is the relationship between the special chapters and the regular chapters for Wagatsuma-san wa Ore no Yome
Why does Touma care if other people learn that magic exists?
How did Rukia become an unwitting carrier of the Hogyoku and executor of pre-planned events?
How come Abra was able to evolve in episode 22?
Are all the kids in the final fight against Archdemon in the series?
Why are there censored/retracted art when there is no problem
Is it necessary for Amestrians to die for the transmutation circle?
In episode 1 of Hyouka, what was the topic of the essay Houtarou has to rewrite?
How to read manga in non-aligned format?
Why is Beethoven&#39;s &quot;Ode to Joy&quot; so prevalent in anime?
Are Quincy Christian?
How does the hierarchy of the Elite 10 Council work?
How closely does Rurouni Kenshin resemble real life?
What is the gender of Chrona of Soul Eater?
What exactly happened at the end of Kamisama no Inai Nichiyoubi?
Who is the red woman in .hack//SIGN&#39;s opening?
Is the 2013 Rozen Maiden &quot;Zur&#252;ckspulen&quot; anime part of the same original storyline?
Why can&#39;t Oreki refuse Chitanda?
Is Ichigo technically dead
Where did Kagami Taiga live when he lived in the US?
In episode 1 of rokyubu, what is the manga that one of the characters is reading?
How does the dummy-pulled cart work?
Has the Gintama TV series finished airing?
Are Archer&#39;s twin blades a bootstrap paradox?
Who are all members of Namikaze clan and is Namikaze clan a descendant of Senju clan?
Looking for a fantasy anime movie
What is this giant robot anime?
Is the term 4koma a generic term?
Identify girl (brown hair, white dress, pink crisscross lace)
How does Mustang fight in the end of Fullmetal Alchemist with injured hands?
Were there any significant differences between Space Battleship Yamato 2199 and the original series?
Why does Tobi have a Sharingan with Kamui ability after having used Izanagi?
Can a reanimated Rinnegan user use the Outer Path to revive someone?
What book is Akihito reading in episode 5 of Kyoukai no Kanata?
Are the Code Geass manga just different perspectives?
Relationship of Yin-Yang in Five Chakra nature elements
Why was the Sharingan&#39;s genjutsu ability not used much in the 4th Ninja War?
How does the hierarchical rank system in Amestris armed forces work?
Do both Kamui Sharingans share one dimension?
Why does Mustang address Hawkeye informally after dispatching Envy?
Why weren&#39;t the Uchihas brought back with the Edo Tensei
Who saved Hatchin from drowning in Episode 7?
Has anyone seen this Penguin?
How are UQ Holder member numbers attributed?
Where can I find Spectreman End Credits Poster to Buy or Download?
Is it possible to use Izanagi on others?
Can a Sharingan eye that has used Izanagi or Izanami be replaced by another Sharingan?
How was Nagato able to re-awaken and control the Rinnegan?
How do UQ Holder! and Mahou Sensei Negima! relate?
How did Goku and Vegeta alone end up on Earth?
What is the music that plays in episode 21 of Shippuden?
Why &#39;glowing green sweat&#39; is visible when lee opened the third gate?
How could Nunnaly see Lelouch&#39;s memories?
Is there a Sword Art Online manga?
Has it been revealed what Jugo and Sugeitsu found in the lair?
What is a Cat&#39;s Eye that was referenced in Monogatari Second Season Episode 24 at 08:35?
What is this manga about a student who doesn&#39;t want his diploma?
Does the White Album 2 anime share the same storyline as the visual novel?
What are the differences between Anime and Manga?
What was the screen that appeared of Senjougahara during her phone conversation with Kaiki?
Why do characters always wear the same clothes?
Is the fanbook from episode 8 based on any real life doujinshi?
Where does the idea of &quot;Episode 0&quot; originate from?
Can a clone be in sync with its original user when it is still active?
What&#39;s so important about &quot;Comptiq, october issue&quot;?
Can anyone tell me the name of this manga?
Why do people&#39;s names change in Tower of God?
Why did Bartholomew Kuma allow Vegapunk to turn him fully into a pacifista?
How did the Edo Tensei reanimated Second Mizukage summon the Giant Clam?
Where does Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito fall in the story line?
I can&#39;t remember the name of this manga?
Does the Edo Tensei caster need to know all the hand seals to use the reanimated person?
Why does Shiina always say &quot;how shallow-minded&quot;?
How do Raishin&#39;s spells for commanding Yaya work?
How Orochimaru is still mentally active after being stabbed by Totsuka sword?
What was the first manga magazine?
Is there any connection between the Genius Party movies?
AI conflict in Gargantia on the Verdurous Planet
What does &quot;tsukkomi&quot; mean?
What does Itachi&#39;s crow symbolize?
What are some good manga books to teach English to non-native speakers aged 10 to 14?
In Kuroko no Basuke, are the characters ever compared to professional players?
When does One Piece takes place?
Why is Touya hiding a phone call from Yuki?
Why do some anime characters never grow old?
Why did Rossiu forced the ones who lived underground to come up to the surface?
What happen after Enel finished his business in moon?
What is this manga with a female protagonist that changes genders and personalities based on the rings she wears?
Can Sasuke use Tsukuyomi?
Why couldn&#39;t they make a vessel for Adam sooner?
Who drew the Monogatari Series characters?
What&#39;s with the timing of the OP and ED in Minami-ke?
Who is this girl dressed in an elaborate pink outfit?
How do Fishmen produce water when there is no water around?
Why wasn&#39;t Hatake Sakumo (Kakashi&#39;s father) revived?
Are the scenes in the opening theme content from later episodes?
Why could the Tendo control the weather
Is there an official site for anime and manga ranking?
How come Zorro&#39;s slash become a fire?
Is there any meaning behind Zorro&#39;s headband?
Do Emiya Shirou and Arturia ever meet again after Fate/stay night?
What did Hare want to give to Shu at the moment of her death?
Why is Franky&#39;s Strong Right a rollercoaster car?
How did Kuroko&#39;s vanishing drive affect Momoi?
Where does the term Wud come from?
How does Mirai&#39;s ring help her control her ability?
Who&#39;s the director?
How do we know Gekko Moriah is human?
What was Tai cooking in the Digimon movie?
Does Killua have a crush on Gon?
How are vasto lorde different from the espada?
Which god of Japan is actually portrayed by Yato in Noragami?
What is the name of an anime about a special forces, socially inept high school student bodyguard?
Why is the Shinigami World so desolate?
Can this anime be identified by a small number of disconnected scenes?
Looking for an old anime I saw on Animax as a kid
What is Nina doing?
Why are all members of the Kuja tribe born as women?
Help identifying an OLD anime - a scene where a kid is in a printing press picking metal block letters?
Why did the Elric brothers only believe in one rule of alchemy?
What is this manga about marble-like objects with a weird design and special powers?
About Hanekawa, Golden weeks and possession occurences
What is this smoking item in Beyond the Boundary?
Did Saori also have feelings for Kyousuke?
Did Kyousuke&#39;s parents know about what happened between him and Kirino?
Origin of witches incantations
What is this promotioner giving out all year round?
How can Gilgamesh become an Archer?
What are the Pain&#39;s theme song lyrics?
What is the name of Scar&#39;s brother?
Why is their power called the &quot;Branch of Sin&quot;?
Why is Index&#39;s full name &quot;Index Librorum Prohibitorum&quot;?
What is a &quot;cour&quot;?
What is this anime from the &#39;00s with a female mecha pilot with blonde hair?
What is this manga in which the King of Hell escapes Hell with his cat and becomes a high school student?
Can gold be transmuted in the Fullmetal Alchemist continuity?
Why do some translations call them &quot;Queerrats&quot;, while others call them &quot;Monster Rats&quot;?
How does the Angel Beats special episode connect with the main storyline?
What is this manga that has a guy with the power to make a transparent round bubble?
What happened during the Void Century and the name of the KINGDOM?
Why didn&#39;t Sarutobi kill Danzo?
What is this manga about a high school class that turns into a kingdom?
Why is Robin never seen making funny faces?
Where does the flow of power come from for a Transmutation Circle to work?
How do the women of Amazon Lily reproduce?
What exactly is a guild mark?
What kind of Sage mode does Kabuto have?
What is the significance of Rio Poneglyph?
What happens in the end of Tokyo Ravens?
Do publishers pick certain seasons for a show to be published?
Is the story based on religion?
Is Doflamingo really dead in chapter 743?
Meaning of the symbols used in Milky Way?
What anime is this nosebleed gif from?
How many chapter are stocked by publishers?
How do I watch Kara no Kyoukai?
In Death Note, what happens to Light Yagami after he dies?
Do gangster-themed Madoka subtitles really exist?
where can we find and watch ONAs?
How did Shinigami come into existence?
Why suddenly move next episode previews to online from tv?
Why did Itachi seek Tobi&#39;s help?
Why is Ulquiorra the only espada with a second release?
Which character has the most deaths to his/her name?
Help identify Anime movie about brothers, set in Ancient world
What is this show about girls that use &quot;spirits&quot; to fight?
Lost name of multi book series about a girl knight and a bipolar guy
Why exactly does Kyoko attempt to save Sayaka?
Need help identifying this anime from about 18 years ago
Are anime episodes/manga chapters really free?
What is the paper at Saki&#39;s desk in From the New World about?
Is this Erza&#39;s new armor in the new chapter of the Fairy Tail manga?
What, exactly, is &quot;Fate/stay night&quot; supposed to mean?
What are the instances where a Weekly Shounen Jump serialized manga would not be released in a given week?
What is the Vessel of Adam?
Did Kakashi&#39;s sharingan evolve because Obito was watching?
Database of legal sites that allow the download of Anime Soundtracks?
Is it common for a character to sing in OP/ED?
What is this 90&#39;s anime with a dragon and a sorcerer?
Where does the idea of a Hadouken and Kamehameha come from?
Is Shanks Haki different from other users?
Why did the Mushishi anime air in a different order compared to the manga?
What is the origin of this alternate ending to Captain Tsubasa?
In Revolutionary Girl Utena, what is the metaphor of Nanami&#39;s egg?
Why are there two different openings for Nadeko in Bakemonogatari?
What is the name of the anime this pink-haired girl is from?
Slice-of-life-ish random comedy manga with interconnected vignettes
Is Blackbeard able to absorb more than one devil fruit?
Why is she throwing water on the ground?
Are anime streaming sites legal?
What&#39;s up with this Soul Eater Not reference?
Why did they break their cups after a toast?
Who cursed the Devil Fruits?
Why don&#39;t official English sites translate the OP/ED?
Why do all dragon slayers have exceeds?
Anime song (I think Naruto)
Luffy as a water balloon
Clarification on clan formation?
What anime is this? It&#39;s a bit old and I don&#39;t think it&#39;s popular
Why does Kaiki keep changing shirts?
Ragyo Kiryuin&#39;s scars in Kill la Kill
What happened to the Resurrection Item?
How did Welfin know about Komugi?
Why are Haki attacks not effective on Marine admirals?
What is a biodroid in Ghost in the Shell?
Have any Zoan types other than Chopper gained the ability to transform into more than three things?
Could I kill myself with a Death Note?
Name of anime with a substitute hero
Why was the American flag censored in Excel Saga?
Manga in which the protagonist can enter stories
Is Misa&#39;s suicide caused by Light&#39;s death a flaw in Death Note?
What is this anime about people who can transform themselves into giant robots with the help of a device/talisman?
What anime is this image of a girl taking off a headset from?
What is the key for, Doflamingo is holding in chapter 752?
What defines the Homunculi physical attributes?
Did Light truly love anyone?
What anime is this girl with a pink jacket and miniskirt from?
Pure Blood devil and their Chess pieces
Girl who want&#39;s to be the kings cook?
Need help identifying these characters and their anime from the pictures
What are Youmu Stones used for?
Who are these characters in episode 25 of Sword Art Online?
Why does everything suddenly change at the end of *Paranoia Agent* Ep. 8, &quot;Happy Family Planning&quot;?
Why are manhwa not animated more often?
What does the R2 mean in Code Geass?
What is the reason behind the law that toys and humans must not visit each others&#39; house?
What is that twiggy strand in hair of some anime characters called?
What differentiates manga from other comics?
Who was the lead animator for all the transformation sequences for Sailor Moon?
Need help identifying an anime about a boy traveling on a sailing ship
What&#39;s this show with a boy who has been recruited by missionaries?
When did Uchiha Madara actually bite Hashirama Senju?
Why is human transmutation illegal or that matter have alchemy laws?
Where is this image of a girl in a black top kissing a boy from?
How are Kars&#39; features described in this image?
need help find this anime in a amv
Why does Miki keep pulling out a stopwatch?
Comedy anime about an American student going to Japan
Anime with a character that changes genders when he/she touches water?
Anime where one of the &#39;bad guys&#39; creates negative-space/antimatter bubbles?
Character gender in Sekirei?
What is the light source in inverted world?
Why is there a difference in number of episodes between anime and TV broadcast of Haruhi?
Can Kakashi use the jutsu he copied without the Sharingan?
Why don&#39;t Araragi and Senjougahara call each other by their given names?
What is the significance of the asimov system?
Anime in &#39;90s where the main character transforms into red armor with a magical silver box
What anime is this guy from? He has brown hair and is wearing a school uniform
What is the name of the Manga which featured this redheaded girl from a magazine cover?
How did Kirito&#39;s Illusion actually kill?
Who is the other asteroid head in the end credits?
Who are the sibling groups in this picture?
Can someone explain the term &quot;oranyan&quot;?
What are the differences between the original and the re-cut versions of Psycho-Pass?
Is no one looking for Kaneki?
What manga chapter does the Hunter x Hunter 2011 anime end on?
From which anime is this character?
Did Kirei know about Kiritsugu&#39;s Origin Bullet, or was he just lucky?
Why did Homura turn into a witch?
Requirements to be an Anbu Black Op
Why do they call their Sensei by his given name?
What happened to Goku&#39;s Nyoibou and Kinto&#39;un?
Does it make sense that Knuckle has a mascot as an emmitter?
Why can Najenda have two Teigu?
Old drama anime about a dog and a kid
Are the female appearing ants female?
What are the original memes mentioned in Steins;Gate?
What music was Kousei playing in the first episode?
What is the connection between Amagi Brilliant Park and Full Metal Panic?
Why do rich people laugh like they do in anime?
What song is Kyoko dancing to in Puella Magi / Mahou Shoujo Madoka Magica?
Cannot remember name of manga about a girl that protects other girls
Looking for manga in which the main character consists of heads only
How does Trigun Maximum relate to its predecessors, the Trigun anime and manga?
How much of the manga does the Knights of Sidonia anime cover?
Is it possible for one Master to have multiple Servants?
What happened to the Ring of Andvari?
What anime is this picture of a girl in black with a rifle from?
What could be Hashirama&#39;s age when they formed village?
What anime is this costume from?
An old anime with a scene of a young man struggling to reach the top of a glass staircase
An anime film set in post-apocalyptic world where it looked like machines were killing humans
What&#39;s the tune that Noel is humming in Sora no Method?
What&#39;s this manga with a boy pleading with a girl to let him kiss her?
Why does the Aburame clan cover their eyes?
Whats the name of this horror anime
What does Hana&#39;s middle initial stand for?
Who were the people in Asuna&#39;s flashback in episode 18?
Anime with kawaii cat girl being patted
What is this manga with a girl shooting an arrow into a rice field called?
Why is the anime of Akame ga Kill so different from the manga?
What is this manga with Naruto, Luffy, Goku and Ichigo as characters?
What would have happened if Esdeath hadn&#39;t drunk all the demon extract?
What fruit did they use to bath?
Can anyone tell me where this is from or if it is just art?
Who invented Rasengan, Jiraiya or Minato?
Where can I find a list of recipes (and their directions) that were used in the manga?
Can&#39;t remember the name of an anime with a cool shark-looking dude
Can a Kage Bunshin make another Kage Bunshin?
A romance anime where the girl eats a lot of food in order not to stand out
What exactly was Tatsuya afraid that Mizuki could discover with her sensitive eyes?
Girl with orange hair living in the countryside - name please!
What are OVAs and how are they different from Specials?
What anime is this grey-haired character from?
What does Ikumi mean by &quot;Sand that looks like it&#39;s from Koshien&quot;?
I can&#39;t remember the title of this manga. I read only the first chapter.
How many demon forms does Mirajane have?
How does Sara become a child in Mermaid Melody?
What is relationship between Natsu and E.N.D?
Zoro accepts Luffy as Captain
Why does Kaido want to kill Whitebeard?
Why did the Hunter x Hunter anime stop in episode 148?
What is this scene a reference to?
What is the name of One Piece background music in episode 296 during the scene Zoro decides to use Usopp as a sword?
What is this anime about a girl fighting aliens?
Is Santa Company available to non-backers?
What exactly is a dango?
Does the Rinnegan have different ablities depending on the user?
An animated movie set in a post-apocalyptic future where the main girl has to collect a last spirit
What are the real life counterparts of the anime studios mentioned in episode 12 of Shirobako?
How different are the anime and manga versions of Nichijou?
What is the name of the Anime/Manga in the bottom right of this Picture?
What was the first anime that used a split-cour format?
What happened to Goku&#39;s &quot;Dragon Balls&quot;?
What dance is Araragi dancing?
Where have I seen this girl drawing before?
Why didn&#39;t the titans wipe out humanity yet?
Why did Tokyo Ghoul √A completely deviate from the manga?
An anime that featured a handicapped boy and his robot?
A manga where the protagonist&#39;s power comes from a &quot;mole&quot; on his face
An anime about toy dolls which can be controlled when the player wears a headset
Do you know this light novel?
Remembering Anime/cartoon from around 10 years ago
What happened to Naruto&#39;s Six Paths Sage Mode?
A manga about a girl helping demons but can&#39;t touch anyone because of it?
Who is the guy on the left in this collage poster? And which anime is he from?
Why does Sasuke still have the Rinnegan?
An anime about a guy who got sent to another realm, met a princess who was a little girl and became her servant
What is this anime where the girl wears a ribbon wrapping her hair like double helix and wears black dress?
An anime where the male protagonist has to wear cat ears
What does Kurome say in AkaKill Theater Ep. 22?
A shoujo manga about a girl who cuts a guy&#39;s hair in the middle of class and later fixes it
Anime with guys battling each other using small cars with weapons
What is the name of the background music playing in this scene from One Piece?
What is this manga of a girl running a boarding house for aliens?
Anime I watched as a kid on VHS where a girl draws a star to beat a computer virus-like enemy
When does this image of Shinji Ikari sitting in a folding chair appear?
What is Mikage&#39;s status (in the spirit/god world) after he passes the Tochigami Crest to Nanami? Is he still a god?
What happened to the manga &quot;Me and the Devil Blues&quot;?
A sci-fi anime about a space policewoman chasing after criminal aliens
I am looking for a romance manga
What was the purpose of sending the parasites to Earth?
Trying to recall an anime name
What is the name of this manga involving spirits?
Anime movie with robot-like creatures on an island
Are the clothing/modesty standards in the world of Mahouka Koukou stricter?
What anime is this where everyone has a virtual world from glasses?
Why didn&#39;t Dabura attempt to turn Buu to stone?
Who is being parodied by Onizuka?
How would you write Light Yagami&#39;s name in the Death Note?
What is Kasuga reading from in chapter 34?
What is this bluish &quot;9&quot; thing and why is it embedded in Juna&#39;s and Susano-Oh&#39;s forehead?
Is it possible for a genin to become a jonin?
How San-Juan Wolf was put in Impel Down
At what age did Kakashi Hatake become a Jounin?
Is the identity of Rin&#39;s father confirmed?
Who is this guy and which anime is he from?
Is there a meaning behind the paintings in Tsubaki Kureha&#39;s living room?
What does Monokuma&#39;s Morse code theatre translate to?
Why are the eyes in front of the hair?
Why does no one remember Gildartz?
Manga with supernatural settings and two brothers trying to find their parents&#39; killer
Action/Martial Arts anime with a character fighting with feathers
What&#39;s the name of an anime with a girl who lives in a farm and takes care of these animals which are like Komodo Dragons?
What makes an Ultra Ball different from the basic Pok&#233; Ball?
A manga about a high school student couple who don&#39;t get along in real life but are lovey dovey when they chat via text messages
Identification request for anime movie: A boy who loses his parents, fights dinosaurs/monsters and rescues a girl he falls in love with
Who has the highest official Dragon Ball Z power level?
Need help finding this rather old manga about a teenage boy who lives in an island and is taken to a parallel dimension
What manga is Mur Mur reading?
Did anybody feel Gon&#39;s Nen?
Why did Guts have sex with an Apostle? Was he aware that she was an Apostle?
