Is there Dark Matter inside the Earth?
Why does Mars&#39; experience an &#39;ice age&#39; at high axis obliquity, when Earth experiences an ice age at low axis obliquity
what is the current explanation for the formation of cosmic voids?
What happens to the Gas Pressure when working out the Eddington Luminosity?
Is the universe like the earth?
Time according to the gravity of Sagittarius A?
Is Earth&#39;s 1g solid surface gravity unusually high for exoplanets?
Can stars be observed from space by x-rays, near infrared and radio wavelengths?
In a spectrograph, photons follow the path: Screwdriver&gt; Camera&gt; Network / prism&gt; detector?
Why does Earth have more gravitational force than the moon if I stand on it?
How Does Black Hole Evaporation Look From the Inside?
is there any theory or observational evidence that our universe is electrically neutral or not?
Abundances of chemical determinations can be made from these observations cited bellow?
The tidal locking problem concerning Earth sized planets in habital zone around Red Dwarfs
why does venus flick?
When is Gamma Draconis closest to the zenith in London on April 4th
Open problems in astronomy that an amateur (with a PhD in some other field) would have a chance of solving?
Spectral analysis of AGN (velocity dispersion of galaxy absorption, doppler shifts)
What is the distance between 2 cities?
Is it possible to move a planet out of its orbit? At least a lighter planet?
Can we know the orbital planes of extraterrestrial planetary bodies?
How was all the matter curled up inside a singularity during big bang ?
How long until the stars are no longer visible by the human eye due to light pollution?
Planets orbiting Alpha Centauri
How often are new astronomical objects (variable stars, supernovae, comets, etc) discovered by amateurs?
Stars in star clusters in SMC and LMC
What will happen to life on Earth when the Andromeda and Milky Way galaxies collide?
How many stars and galaxies can be seen by the naked eye?
Where to obtain Tycho Brahe&#39;s data?
Weight of a celestial body
What would we find if we could travel 786 trillion light years in any direction
Is the sun too small to self-ignite?
Can the Universe be spatially closed and expand forever?
How should one rationally deal with the issue of space travelling alien civilizations?
Equations for coordinates of solar system objects
Can you assume atmosphere height for the purpose of surface pressure calculation?
Are there any works discussing planetary bodies being forms of life?
How much do the mascons on the moon affect surface gravity?
Will it be possible to just look out a window on a spacecraft?
Source of high energy cosmic particles
Statistics of elements abundance in exoplanets
Why is the Boomerang Nebula colder than the CMB?
If the 24 microarcsec parallax precision of the Gaia spacecraft is a 1-sigma value, what is the smallest parallax...?
How far apart is the dust in the Sombrero Galaxy&#39;s dust lane?
Number of stars or targets
Is there any practical use for astronomy?
Is it certain that dark matter consists of particles? (And not just curved space)
Orbital Elements Mars near June 2014
Is there any astronomical phenomena that could emit strong radio waves with multiples of a discrete frequency?
Why do objects burn when they enter earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Is it true that chaotic inflation is the most popular inflationary model nowadays?
What would happen if a body were to fall into a neutron star?
Collision of asteroid and gaseous planet - what would happen
Why is MRI important in disc formation?
SDSS: Inclination of a Field?
How do we find the exact temperature of a star?
Why aren&#39;t brown dwarfs the dark matter?
Is there a publicly available Gliese Star List
Calculate Distance To Stars
How much mass does an object in space need to keep a human on its surface?
How do we know the universe&#39;s expansion is speeding up?
What uncertainty does an error bar signify in astronomy?
What happens when star spins too fast?
Life planets orbiting black-holes. Can/Do they really exist?
Does the mass of the universe ever change?
what is a Friedmann model?
What could be the utmost lowest temperature in the universe/multiverse?
How can I calculate how the debris of an object ripped apart at the Roche limit will spread out?
Can we observe what objects exist at the L3 positiion of planets of our solar system?
Total solar eclipse, supermoon, and spring equinox all happening at the same time: anything special about this?
Binary stars system ultimate fate
Naming of the planets of the solar system
death of a red dwarf star / minimum mass needed for a white dwarf?
Can ground based telescopes use a starshade in space?
Why doesn&#39;t Earth&#39;s axis change during the year?
infrared telescopes, magnitude and observations
how to tell an optical spectrum is featureless or just with a low S/N?
Is it possible to use the stars to determine the passage of time?
Is the Oort Cloud actually opaque, or is the &quot;cloud&quot; used euphemistically because minor planets inside of it are too dim to be seen?
Why can&#39;t we observe the Oort cloud with a telescope?
Is it possible that some stars are already black holes yet we see light emitted from before becoming a black hole?
Galactic extinction as a function of distance
Leaving the Milky Way
Free source of printable star charts in the format of the Millennium Star Atlas?
What is the minimum size of a ball of gas to become a star?
Why are distant objects observed in the near infrared?
Nebula and galaxies using 70mm scope
The Existence of Natural Satellites in Geostationary Orbits
Can our Sun become a black hole
Around what apparent magnitude can the naked eye observe an object during full moon
What is the largest object on which the Yarkovsky effect has been observed?
Do astronomers, in principle, have more information about older phenomena than younger?
BIG CRUNCH Theory
Why did Earth need material from comets to assemble the raw materials for life?
Likelihood of a stable system with a dwarf planet&#39;s orbit inside that of a gas giant
are all the planet in the same plane?
Where is Mars in the night sky
Is a star powered by fission possible?
Is there a threshold on distance/size for a tidal locking?
Proof that Parallel Universes exist
Is there Dark Matter inside the Earth?
Why does Mars&#39; experience an &#39;ice age&#39; at high axis obliquity, when Earth experiences an ice age at low axis obliquity
what is the current explanation for the formation of cosmic voids?
What happens to the Gas Pressure when working out the Eddington Luminosity?
Is the universe like the earth?
Time according to the gravity of Sagittarius A?
Is Earth&#39;s 1g solid surface gravity unusually high for exoplanets?
Can stars be observed from space by x-rays, near infrared and radio wavelengths?
In a spectrograph, photons follow the path: Screwdriver&gt; Camera&gt; Network / prism&gt; detector?
Why does Earth have more gravitational force than the moon if I stand on it?
How Does Black Hole Evaporation Look From the Inside?
is there any theory or observational evidence that our universe is electrically neutral or not?
Abundances of chemical determinations can be made from these observations cited bellow?
The tidal locking problem concerning Earth sized planets in habital zone around Red Dwarfs
why does venus flick?
When is Gamma Draconis closest to the zenith in London on April 4th
Open problems in astronomy that an amateur (with a PhD in some other field) would have a chance of solving?
Spectral analysis of AGN (velocity dispersion of galaxy absorption, doppler shifts)
What is the distance between 2 cities?
Is it possible to move a planet out of its orbit? At least a lighter planet?
Can we know the orbital planes of extraterrestrial planetary bodies?
How was all the matter curled up inside a singularity during big bang ?
How long until the stars are no longer visible by the human eye due to light pollution?
Planets orbiting Alpha Centauri
How often are new astronomical objects (variable stars, supernovae, comets, etc) discovered by amateurs?
Stars in star clusters in SMC and LMC
What will happen to life on Earth when the Andromeda and Milky Way galaxies collide?
How many stars and galaxies can be seen by the naked eye?
Where to obtain Tycho Brahe&#39;s data?
Weight of a celestial body
What would we find if we could travel 786 trillion light years in any direction
Is the sun too small to self-ignite?
Can the Universe be spatially closed and expand forever?
How should one rationally deal with the issue of space travelling alien civilizations?
Equations for coordinates of solar system objects
Can you assume atmosphere height for the purpose of surface pressure calculation?
Are there any works discussing planetary bodies being forms of life?
How much do the mascons on the moon affect surface gravity?
Will it be possible to just look out a window on a spacecraft?
Source of high energy cosmic particles
Statistics of elements abundance in exoplanets
Why is the Boomerang Nebula colder than the CMB?
If the 24 microarcsec parallax precision of the Gaia spacecraft is a 1-sigma value, what is the smallest parallax...?
How far apart is the dust in the Sombrero Galaxy&#39;s dust lane?
Number of stars or targets
Is there any practical use for astronomy?
Is it certain that dark matter consists of particles? (And not just curved space)
Orbital Elements Mars near June 2014
Is there any astronomical phenomena that could emit strong radio waves with multiples of a discrete frequency?
Why do objects burn when they enter earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Is it true that chaotic inflation is the most popular inflationary model nowadays?
What would happen if a body were to fall into a neutron star?
Collision of asteroid and gaseous planet - what would happen
Why is MRI important in disc formation?
SDSS: Inclination of a Field?
How do we find the exact temperature of a star?
Why aren&#39;t brown dwarfs the dark matter?
Is there a publicly available Gliese Star List
Calculate Distance To Stars
How much mass does an object in space need to keep a human on its surface?
How do we know the universe&#39;s expansion is speeding up?
What uncertainty does an error bar signify in astronomy?
What happens when star spins too fast?
Life planets orbiting black-holes. Can/Do they really exist?
Does the mass of the universe ever change?
what is a Friedmann model?
What could be the utmost lowest temperature in the universe/multiverse?
How can I calculate how the debris of an object ripped apart at the Roche limit will spread out?
Can we observe what objects exist at the L3 positiion of planets of our solar system?
Total solar eclipse, supermoon, and spring equinox all happening at the same time: anything special about this?
Binary stars system ultimate fate
Naming of the planets of the solar system
death of a red dwarf star / minimum mass needed for a white dwarf?
Can ground based telescopes use a starshade in space?
Why doesn&#39;t Earth&#39;s axis change during the year?
infrared telescopes, magnitude and observations
how to tell an optical spectrum is featureless or just with a low S/N?
Is it possible to use the stars to determine the passage of time?
Is the Oort Cloud actually opaque, or is the &quot;cloud&quot; used euphemistically because minor planets inside of it are too dim to be seen?
Why can&#39;t we observe the Oort cloud with a telescope?
Is it possible that some stars are already black holes yet we see light emitted from before becoming a black hole?
Galactic extinction as a function of distance
Leaving the Milky Way
Free source of printable star charts in the format of the Millennium Star Atlas?
What is the minimum size of a ball of gas to become a star?
Why are distant objects observed in the near infrared?
Nebula and galaxies using 70mm scope
The Existence of Natural Satellites in Geostationary Orbits
Can our Sun become a black hole
Around what apparent magnitude can the naked eye observe an object during full moon
What is the largest object on which the Yarkovsky effect has been observed?
Do astronomers, in principle, have more information about older phenomena than younger?
BIG CRUNCH Theory
Why did Earth need material from comets to assemble the raw materials for life?
Likelihood of a stable system with a dwarf planet&#39;s orbit inside that of a gas giant
are all the planet in the same plane?
Where is Mars in the night sky
Is a star powered by fission possible?
Is there a threshold on distance/size for a tidal locking?
Proof that Parallel Universes exist
Variables in the Instability Strip
How do you calculate the lookback time distance to a given galaxy?
Retrograde motion and Kuiper Belt Objects
How to read 5 degree data of green line intensity
Could someone see anything while being inside black hole?
Does the sun have a feature like the red spot on Jupiter?
Recombination question and arrow of time
Help identifiying a Diagram
How to convert horizontal coordinates using NOVAS?
Find constellation over Earth coordinates on a specific date-time
damage from an Asteroid
How did water get on Earth
How can you determine the initial volume of a planet&#39;s atmosphere?
What is the direction of the movement of the solar system in relation to the galaxy&#39;s plane
Do we still use the term &quot;astronomical unit&quot; nowadays?
Enhanced Star-Gazing with Special Glasses
Can an asteroid have a molten core?
Aren&#39;t there more naked-eye-visible stars in the Milky Way plane?
What are the azimuths of the planets&#39; orbits?
Given a date obtain latitude and longitude where is the sun zenith
How does radio bandwidth restrict the choice and use of science payload on interplanetary probes?
average number of exoplanets in a system
Gravitational pull needed to keep a gas in atmosphere
How much of the Milky Way is visible to the naked eye from earth?
PowerSeeker 114Q
Why there is no smoke around the Sun?
Dynamic Method-Please explain
Is there a simple, analytical formula for the lunar phase brightness curve?
Is there any planet/star bigger than VY Canis Majoris?
What is the typical resolving power of the largest optical telescopes?
A good book about the moon
When we see the Sun, do we actually see its past?
Is stacking welder&#39;s glasses a safe way to watch at the eclipse?
What is the Northernmost Latitude of Saturn?
SN1604, Former and Current Name of the Constellation Serphens
BIG Problem with the Planet definition
What were the challenges for the ancients to observe the orbit of the Moon (instead of Mars)?
Were the Voyager Golden Records tested for being decoded?
Sky view from Stellarium software vs. Sky view with naked eye
Is there a general term for epicycles, deferents, and eccentrics in Ptolemaic astronomy?
Lack of planets in the Oort Cloud
Gravitational waves detector arm length and GW wavelength
.2015: When last did both New/Full moon in a fort-night cause an Eclipse?
Why solar eclipse paths are symmetrical?
How rare are earth-like solar eclipses?
Mars night sky - stars visible
What is a possible software for simulating binary star systems?
Method to determine the amount of reflected starlight necessary for an exoplanet to be visible from a given distance/angle?
What kind of telescope do I need to see most of the Jupiter&#39;s moons?
How to learn data analysis for radio telescope?
In theory, is there anywhere in the universe where velocity=0?
How to find RA 0
Is starquake unique to neutron star?
What triggers solar flares?
Mass resolution
Does our sun/solar system orbit around any other celestial objects?
Why did Venus not lose its atmosphere without magnetic field?
Precessing of the Earth
Shadows of Light = Space or Dark Matter?
How long until we cannot see any stars from other galaxies?
Was the cosmic microwave background (CMB) radiation originally gamma rays?
Where does energy at the beginning of a star&#39;s lifecycle (before any nuclear reactions) come from?
Will the Universe end by time stopping?
How do I get from Star Atlas to real life?
Why are galaxies disk shaped?
How do astronomer measures the size of any celestial objects?
How does one measure velocities of far-off, bright objects
Do astronomers and astrophysicists more often use diameters or radii when discussing about planets, dwarf planets, exoplanets and stars?
What came first: the Sun shining or the existence of helium?
What kinds of technologies are required to directly image exoplanets
How many arms does the Milky Way galaxy have?
Simulation packages or theory to work with gravitational collapse of massive molecular clouds?
What type of star does theory predict should be the most massive?
Why do dark objects look white from a distance? (Moon, Ceres, but not Earth!)
axial tilt of uranus
What do cosmologists mean when they talk about &quot;the running of the spectral index&quot;?
What is the bluest narrow band filter mounted on ground based telescopes?
Is there a connection between black holes and dark matter/energy?
Is dark energy evenly spaced throughout Universe?
What&#39;s the cheapest research-level telescope?
LIGO and Fabry–P&#233;rot interferometer
What will the mass of the new galaxy be?
Affordable night sky photography
Is it possible that the Sun has a binary partner (the Nemesis Theory) that has eluded detection?
Could we detect an earth-like planet around another star?
Why do astronomers use supernova to measure distance in space?
Why are the high density regions in outer space black holes?
North Pole Right Ascension/Declination to axial tilt conversion
What mechanism could have formed the Moon&#39;s Oceanus Procellarum rift-like gravity anomalies?
Are galaxies moving away from us faster than before?
How many sun-like stars are there in the universe?
Expansion of Space
Does &quot;Dark Matter&quot; really exist?
How to calculate the expected surface temperature of a planet
What&#39;s the mass of the interstellar neighborhood of the Sun?
Is there any way a planet could form independent of a star?
Orbital resonances and position of planets
visualisation of the universe&#39;s expansion
Is it likely OMG particle (and those like it) originate from alien spacecraft propulsion systems?
How do the orbits of Nu Scorpii and AR Cassiopeiae work?
brown dwarfs and planets
app to locate star by coordinates
Who discovered what set of factors is responsible for visibility of celestial bodies on Earth&#39;s daytime sky?
How to calculate the new orbit after a instantaneous change in a well defined initial one?
Does rotation affect gravitational lines of force
Why is there so much methane in space?
Looking for help in understanding how black holes can move
Why are Hubble images &quot;Cut&quot;
How long does it take Dawn to orbit Ceres?
What is the term for astronomical objects outside the solar system that are smaller than dwarf planets?
How are the photos of the Milky Way taken?
How can we see the Milky Way Galaxy when we are already in it?
Supernova explosion nearby
Angular momentum in planetary disk formation
Solar System formation, considering its and universe&#39;s age
Calculating Postition of ISS / Hubble in space
Age of the universe and time dilation
Why can&#39;t we see distant galaxies with the naked eye?
Do the planets, asteroid belt, kuiper belt, and scattered disc lie on the same plane?
What&#39;s this red stuff in some astronomical photos, e.g. Centaurus A?
Detecting motion
Assumptions necessary for the strong form of Olber&#39;s Paradox
Very bright star in the east at northern hemisphere. What is it?
Better than Earth habitability
How was Henrietta Leavitt&#39;s discovery important for star measurement?
How do astronomers estimate the total mass of dust in clouds and galaxies?
Is the conversion from proto-star to main sequence an event or a process?
How much light does Jupiter project onto the surface of Ganymede?
Do all stars have the potential to have life supporting planets?
Help w/ Hubble&#39;s Law + Doppler Effect.
How can a galaxy in-between our view and the galaxy behind it have a &#39;lensing effect&#39;?
Does the orbital variation in planetary gravity affect the Sun&#39;s corona
Mass distribution in the early universe
Why are stars so far apart?
What are the cloud-like blobs in the Martian southern hemisphere?
What are the arguments against the Feng and Gallo thin disk explanation of galactic rotation curves?
Internal heat and differentiation
How can we tell that a short-period binary is tidally locked?
Does the Sun turn around a big star?
Exoplanet Temperature Calculations
How do I soundproof a Meade ETX-90 telescope?
Is gravitational energy released when a body contracts?
What are the positions of the Earth, Moon, and Sun at a time when there is the least difference between high and low tides?
When will a day on Earth &amp; Mars be the same length?
Temperature of the Sun&#39;s rays
Is there any man-made satellite orbiting our moon?
Orbiting supermassive black hole or galactic center of mass?
What&#39;s the relationship between Moon phase and the Milky Way visibility?
Why would a star’s position in the sky change relative to another star right next to it?
Is the SOI a spherical region or a oblate-spheroid-shaped region?
Are there more stars than all the words ever spoken by humans?
Is Blue Shift just as provable as Red Shift?
How many galaxies are there in the Hercules–Corona Borealis Great Wall?
Why are explosions always used to represent the Big Bang?
How do moons get captured?
Fourier Transform of Galaxy Images
How bright was Scholz when is passed near the Sun 70,000 years ago?
Would a killer asteroid shattered into thousands of pieces produce the same devastation?
Relationship between temperature of nebula and size of star
How dense would planet earth have to be to have the same gravity as Jupiter?
Do planets repel?
How to view Jupiter with 4.5&quot; Newtonian Reflector
Could a magnetars magnetic field have saved Mars atmosphere?
Why are a few things in our universe named after chocolate?
Can Magnetars destroy planets?
Declination and Ascension - the Sun and Andromeda
What happens to a white dwarf past the Chandrasekhar limit?
Telescope size to detect Ceres (Newtonian)
Shouldn&#39;t all moon orbits be inherently unstable?
Could a close passing star be captured by the Sun&#39;s gravity?
What is our universe expanding into?
Can planets inside the Earth&#39;s orbit around the Sun appear to undergo retrograde motion?
Why did the big bang not just produce a big black hole?
Is a black hole a 5 dimensional vortex?
Radio Astronomy and Imaging
What significance does coincidence or luck have in astronomy?
Where does the Milky Way end?
Why are all quasars so far away?
Why does radio astronomy offer higher resolution images than optical?
Did we ever actually see the earth revolving around the sun? Is the geocentric model completely disproved?
Which eyepieces I can use it for best viewing experience using my exisiting telescope?
How long does it typically take to make a telescope yourself for the first time?
Hubble HST scheduling algorithm
What is the acceleration of the stars&#39; speed in the Universe? Positive or negative?
Is there a flaw with the newer purposes and correlations attributed to the HR diagram? (And would a third axis of mass correct the enclosed flaw?)
Where do the heavier elements come from?
Estimating the angle covered by the star trails and deducing how long the exposure lasted
Did I see a meteor or a re-entry?
Is Sun a part of a binary system?
If Jupiter is a gas-giant then why don&#39;t its features change?
What are the up- and downsides of spherical and parabolic mirrors in telescopes?
How much magnification is needed to see planets of solar system?
If Venus and Mars changed places, would we then have 3 habitable planets?
Difficulties in finding Jupiter
What would the night sky look like if Earth orbited an intergalactic star?
Find distance from star to star?
How are molecules detected in space?
Is there a ceiling for stable L4 or L5 masses?
How would Jupiter&#39;s brightness relative to our sun seem to a remote observer (observing from a remote star)
Solar Eclipses for dummies: Step 1 - moon equatorial orbit around a planet without axial tilt
Can the supernova remnant SN 1572 be observed by amateur astronomers?
Relocation to Mars
Heat from other Stars
How long was the hyper inflation phase?
What astronomical observations would give conclusive proof of alien life?
How did Kepler &quot;guess&quot; his third law from data?
L4&amp;L5 positions?
What are the Gamma rays and Cosmic rays effects on humans and equipments?
Circular orbits
Why there are other planets in our solar system?
Is it proper to refer to objects beyond Neptune as &quot;Kuiper Belt Objects?&quot;
Determination of orbital elements for Trans-Neptunian Objects, how?
How are parachutes usable in other places than Earth?
Estimates for how many Trans-Neptunian Objects there are
How far away is the light that would reveal the Big Bang?
Can an astronaut ever reach a Black Hole theoretically?
If Kepler-444 planets existed for 11.2 billion years, why fear for life on Earth after six billion years?
How precisely is planetary tilt defined (the tilt direction, not just the angle)?
Binocular with features like gleam night sight advantage?
Why would all places appear to be at the center of the universe&#39;s expansion?
Calculate the time when Arcturus passed through the meridian
Burning Out Stars
Does one need to take into account finite gravity speed in N-body simulations?
Why are gas giants colored the way they are?
Are a black hole&#39;s jets caused by the black hole&#39;s magnetic field?
Cancelling out earth rotation speed, Altazimuth mount
Galaxy rotation curve and dark matter
What will happen when landing on Jupiter?
Does the cosmic microwave background change over time?
Does a black hole become a normal star again?
Entropy of black hole
Does the cosmic microwave background recede at the speed of light?
Find the height of the shooting star from the Earth&#39;s ground
Is C/2012 S1 (aka ISON) the fastest comet on record to-date?
What are the exact physical parameters used to calculate Mercury precession with Einstein theory?
Telescope buying guide for a beginner in India
When we see half moon, why is it always the lower half?
Is it possible to disprove geocentrism without telescopes?
Light Cone Explanation
Mass, Radius, Colour, Size, Type of a Star from the Hipparcos Catalog
Could there be another planet between Mercury and the Sun?
What qualifies as a local star?
In geocentric models, did the earth rotate?
How gently could a comet/asteroid/meteorite &quot;hit&quot; Earth?
Gallery of &#39;actual images&#39; from space?
How are black holes found?
Can we conclude with reasonable certainty that there is/are no Type 3 Civilizations in our galaxy?
By putting a mirror in space, would we be able to see into the past?
Why do not we use optical telescopes to study cosmic rays directly?
earth is spherical , does it mean the ground on earth is like a ball?
Why do we have so few neutrinos to study?
What proportion of planetary systems have been found with &#39;Hot Jupiters&#39;
How to complete the Hipparcos Catalog?
How Are Radioactive Decay Rates Influenced by Neutrinos - On Earth and Other Dense Planets
Do objects look larger the further away they are, beyond z=1?
What does it mean to say &#39;space exists?&#39;
Theoretical limits for natural satellites having natural satellites
What &quot;revolutionary&quot; discoveries were made by Hubble Telescope
Layout of the universe
Calculating 2004 BL86 position using software
Is it difficult to see DSO in your eyepiece?
the initial astrometry calibration for a telescope
How do stars or galaxies get their spin?
How do scientists determine the age of stars?
What is frequency range?
how far away could we detect that earth has life?
Is there a cosmic, rather than technological, upper limit to what a telescope can resolve?
The destruction of the Universe by a bubble
Can there be a 2nd possibility deduced from the fact that galaxies are moving away from us?
Instrumental magnitude to &quot;real&quot; magnitude - Photometry with not enough data?
What is the explanation for rapid inflation just after the big bang?
Alt-Az or Polar?
How many observations does it take to determine the orbit of a TNO
Leonid meteor showers and the Tempel-Tuttle comet
Do we know the exact spot where big bang took place?
Why don&#39;t we orbit the center of our galaxy?
What will New Horizons be able to say about a magnetic field at Pluto?
Tide on the Moon
How do we know an event is a gamma-ray burst?
Why can&#39;t I see Mars clearly?
What&#39;s special about Saturn that it has distinctive rings?
Why do we need to add a second to 30 June and risk upsetting Internet?
Is there a star simulation software that can handle mass ejections and supernovae?
Why is iron responsible for causing a supernova?
Why does the sun rise north of east between the vernal and autumnal equinox?
What are the units of distance in this subtended angle calculation?
How often does the supermassive black hole in the Milky Way become a quasar?
If Alpha Centauri A&#39;s solar system exactly mirrored our own, what would we be able to detect?
How are the speed, distance and time of India&#39;s MOM and USA&#39;s Maven Mars missions calculated?
Why is the Moon receding from the Earth due to tides? Is this typical for other moons?
What range of exit pupils work for observing the full moon?
Recent origin of Saturn&#39;s rings
Why didn&#39;t Johannes Kepler use data about more planets?
Finding the temperature of Earth from temperature of Mars and its distance from Sun
How likely is it that the Sun will destroy our electric society?
Where does the dust on 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko come from?
Is a wavy path possible for a shooting star?
How would the pocket cellular clock work?
Does the Sun belong to a constellation?
Do we have knowledge of the geology of the moon?
What is supposedly in the center of the Milky Way?
How do I deduce my latitude and longitude from N obervations of occultations from the same place?
How can I see a nebula?
How to calculate distance from object to point on celestial sphere
Why is the speed of light 299,792,458 meters/sec?
Could the planets in the Solar System have been captured?
Why do scientists think life requires water?
Is it safe to view moon at daytime through telescope
Is there a strong galactic magnetic field?
How does Titan maintain the atmosphere
Why is only one side of the Moon visible from Earth?
Are there many faint meteors that are too faint to see with the naked eye?
Why isn&#39;t the star that created the black hole a black hole?
How can the universe be infinite?
Is the universe simply a mass of atoms in &#39;void&#39;; what does it look like?
Big Bang / Big Crunch cycle?
Why is [O III] a good density probe in interstellar medium?
Basic DIY Telescope
Origin of the original bright light and matter
How fast does Venus move as seen from the earth?
Meteorites bring water
Do all the objects in the universe exert force on all other objects?
Can magnetism escape a black hole?
Why is liquid water considered a requirement for life?
What is the line of light in galaxy cluster MACS J1206?
Are there equations to simulate creation of a solar system?
What is the process for vetting the 4,175 candidate planets Kepler has discovered?
What scientific evidence is there to support or refute the Iron Sun Hypothesis?
How do astronomers choose their research topic?
What is the shape and size of a gamma ray burst?
Why stars are named Gliese?
How did scientists determine an estimate of the number of planets greater than Sedna&#39;s size to exist in the Inner Oort Cloud?
How do or could radio telescopes contribute to exoplanet studies?
What causes jets from newly born stars?
US observations relevant in UK?
If the expansion of the universe is speeding up, how long until everything nears the speed of light, and what would happen?
Did cosmological inflation occur at speeds greater than $c$?
Objects entering or leaving the observable universe
Milky Way Formation
When will the Milky Way &quot;arrive&quot; at the Great Attractor, and what all happen then?
Would bagging an asteroid destroy valuable science about it?
Observational Evidence for the Existence of Black Holes
How did the Hulse-Taylor Pulsar Provide Confirming Evidence of General Relativity?
Mechanism for Brown Dwarf Fusion
Spectra of electromagnetic radiation emitted during solar flare
Do Roche limits apply to black holes?
Near-future astronomic events that could threaten Earth
Collision of two Earths
What&#39;s the furthest object observable by the naked eye from earth?
Photos from galaxy
As days get longer, why isn&#39;t the added daylight split evenly between sunrise and sunset?
How can I predict space directions?
Ramifications of black hole stellar system
Why is the Eagle Nebula so &quot;static&quot;?
If an asteroid twice the size of Earth passed super close would half of the Earth be pulled towards it?
Do contracting objects show redshift?
What would happen if a wormhole gets swallowed by a black hole?
Does CIBER Experiment from Caltech suggest that there can be lots of stars which are not in any galaxy?
Is there an element of chance/chaos in stellar evolution?
Wher can I find a list of blueshifted regions in the Milky Way?
Quantum death of stars
What are dark matter and dark energy?
Working with high-magnification eye-pieces
Lack of contact with Aliens
What does designation VY, NML, UU in star names stand for?
Astrochemistry - what does freeze-out mean?
Can objects enter hydrostatic equillibrium through processes other than the influence of gravity?
How do you find the altitude of the Sun if you are on the Moon?
Questions about a fictional binary system, and habitability
How is the path of an asteroid calculated?
Calculating area of visible sky
Question: calculating orbit using another orbit
Could supermassive black holes form in dwarf galaxies?
How is the diameter of a gas giant calculated?
Maximum and minimum gas giant &amp; ice giant densities
Is the white hole a myth or not?
Are there any known objects in a &quot;dual&quot; tidally locked orbit?
landing on a comet is more important than landing on an asteroid?
The multiverse spacetime paradox?
Position of Neutron stars in H R diagram
How should exoplanet discoveries affect SETI?
Which wavelength is the most quiet, for a ground-based radio telescope?
What is the temperature of an accretion disc surrounding a supermassive black hole?
Why do comets come from our local Oort cloud instead of from interstellar sources?
How to see Saturn&#39;s rings through a pair of binoculars?
Is it possible for a star to orbit a planet?
What are the odds of (Semi) Intelligent Life in the Milky Way?
One Universe or Multiverse?
What is the orbital path of the newly discovered star-less planet PSO J318.5-22?
Can Jupiter&#39;s bands be made out using a 15x70 pair of binoculars?
How can I make Stellarium match the magnitude of stars visible in London, UK?
How are rogue planets discovered?
How do we get radio signals of the big bang?
Gravitational tidal force problem
Could we actually freeze a star?
Universe as 2d sphere surface - a round trip?
Full Moon Position of Sun
Why is a star at its highest point when local sidereal time = RA (right ascension)?
What to look for in a tripod for binoculars?
Is Nomad data heliocentric or geocentric?
Which is the most early type star with a planet discovered by radial velocity method?
Will Saturn&#39;s rings become a moon?
Why can&#39;t the surfaces of stars be observed?
Orbital elements: Difference between longitude of perihelion and argument of perifocus
Can A Black Hole Exist?
How long do planetary rings last?
In regards to the holographic principle, what exactly is information?
Would Pluto keep an orbit without its moon?
How did Bradley arrive at the +/- correct speed of light when he calculated it?
What is the boundary in the atmosphere seen in this video?
How far is the Earth/Sun above/below the galactic plane, and is it heading toward/away from it?
What should I look for in an astronomy tripod?
The role of gravity during planetesimal accretion
Why dont we have a browsable spacetime augmented virtual solar system?
Which galaxy is receding from the Milky Way the fastest? What is known of the mechanism behind its recession?
What is the Habitable zone all about?
What is the exact mass of the Sun?
What happens if you fail to reach escape velocity for the galaxy?
Limit of hotness!
How old is our Sun in Galactic years?
Magnetic fields of peculiar HgMn A type stars
Are the stars in constellation located in a plane or they are in different distances
Is CMB Polarization simply the temperature gradient of the CMB?
How bright is the full Earth during the lunar midnight?
Does the Earth have another moon?
Smallest body that can be observed from Earth?
stellar evolution fortran code-runge kutta mass step from center to fitting point
Stable polar solar orbit with the Earth continuously observable
Hamiltonian of general three body problem
What determines the configuration of orbits in a binary system?
If the moon wasn&#39;t receding from Earth, what would be the impact on the weather and tides?
How do you define the diameter of the Sun
What practical considerations are there for amateur observations of transiting exoplanets?
Look up current positions and velocities of solar system objects
Is there anywhere I can find some kind of database on all known stars and their properties (mass, surface temperature, radius, and luminosity)?
What is the orbit of Earth around the Sun?
Why Jupiter&#39;s Great Red Spot is Reddish?
How would vehicles travel through the interstellar medium with its such low density?
How does neutron star collapse into black hole?
How often and over what period is Earth’s rotation averaged to compute UT1?
Data for Sun&#39;s Orbit
Accretion disks - why are they disk-shaped, rather than spherical?
Are there ways other than the collapse of a star which have been observed to form black holes?
Is Jupiter made entirely out of gas?
What would happen if an ice cube is left in space?
Can an observer on Earth only see half of the sky?
Where does the solar system end?
Is it possible to steer the sight of a Liquid Mirror Telescope using a plain mirror scheme? If yes, why hasn&#39;t it been done?
How often do stars pass close (~1ly) to the Sun?
Does Tobler&#39;s First Law of Geography Apply to Star Composition?
Why, in the Solar System, all the mass seems to be concentrated at the centre?
How would an exoplanet be found from earth if our view of its star system is &quot;from the top&quot;?
How many earth-like planets do we know at this moment?
Why don&#39;t small stars end up as a black holes?
What would happen if we put a small part of White Dwarf or Neutron Star on Earth?
where is the boundary between dark night and grey night
Deriving Dark Matter; specifically looking for a table of stellar rotational speed versus distance from center of galaxy to derive dark matter
Where can I find the image of MY Camelopardalis?
What&#39;s the largest non-spherical astronomical object in the universe?
Do/did the asteroids contain enough water to create Earth&#39;s oceans?
What is the most oblate astronomical object known?
Calculate telescope orientation based on RA, DEC and Lat/Long
Absolute magnitudes of stars
How is it known that Pillars of Creation are destroyed?
Could Venus be a source of Earth&#39;s water?
Do Pluto and Charon have unusual Langrange points?
Are there stars in the first photo from space?
What implications does younger volcanism have on the Moon&#39;s thermal evolution?
How can the orbit of a Kuiper Belt Object be differentiated from the transit of a rogue planet?
Why can we still see 10 billion year old galaxies?
Energetics of Titans Tholin haze
The name of a particular low extinction region
Why is carbon so rare on the Moon and on Mars?
Does near light-speed travel doppler-shift the light from the target into gamma rays?
Why is there a black stripe in the Hubble images of Pluto?
Typical wavelength of solar flare
Could a space radio telescope fill multiple purposes?
How to convert a gravitational force to speed and direction
Visibility of earth from moon during day-time of moon
Exploiting symmetry in the axisymmetric Jeans equations
Voyager spacecrafts
Could discoid galaxies be expanding?
How many stars can be seen naked eye from outside the atmosphere? Ho dense is the &quot;sky&quot; from there?
Distance between Earth and where The Big Bang&#39;s happened?
Could the Philae comet lander be recharged by laser?
Are our &#39;observations&#39; of or near a black hole affected by gravity induced time dilation?
Can the theory of multiuniverse explain dark matter?
What it would look like to observe people with a different time flows?
How does the Earth move in the sky as seen from the Moon?
Why does the distance between Sun and Earth stay the same?
How can astronomers determine the difference between &quot;hydrostatic equilibruim&quot; and &quot;just happens to be spherical&quot;?
What is the long term fate of the gas giants?
What are the nearest galaxies I can observe?
Free neutrons and stellar nucleosynthesis
Have we detected galaxies which have red-shifted beyond the visible light range?
Without using absolute magnitudes or isochrones, how might we tell a star&#39;s age and evolutionary status?
What is the reason for high lithium concentrations in Sun-like stars?
Why can I see the whole moon during various non-full-moon phases?
Red shifting galaxies
How do I find the RA of sunset and sunrise in a specific location?
Can you see man-made lights on the dark side of the Earth from the surface of the moon with the naked eye?
Maximum Amplitude of a Lissajous Orbiting Object in a L4 or L5 Position
Astronomy Olympiad Books
Where can I find historic rates of meteor impact events?
time on earth compared to completely stationary in space
In the chromoscope, what is the X-ray source between Ophiuchus, Libra and Scorpius?
Why isn&#39;t the moon dark in a solar eclipse?
What is &quot;Median Stellar Mass&quot;?
What are the last images from the Galileo orbiter before impacting Jupiter?
Where can I learn these Astrophysical techniques? [Read below]
What is the cause of the variation from high and low mean obliquity periods of Mars?
How tall are the &quot;fractured&quot; linear structures on Europa&#39;s surface?
How do you calculate the effects of precession on elliptical orbits?
Is the location that published calendars use to calculate the seasons one specific location on the earth?
Is the moon moving further away from Earth and closer to the Sun? Why?
Hulse Taylor Binary Pulsar - How is &quot;Cumulative Periastron Time shift&quot; calculated?
speed of light measurement
Why does the face of the moon &#39;sync&#39; with the earth?
How likely and severe is the threat of a gamma ray burst to earth?
Planets and Pluto? Neptune?
How is the maximum density in a circumstellar disk determined?
Effect of the absence of atmospheric refraction to sun rise and sunset times
How does this strategy for chasing the sunset work?
What is a low mass Black Hole?
Detecting Deep Impact
How does 67P rotate?
can we see all binary stars as pairs?
Roche Limit for Earth-like body around Earth-like body
moonless night and lunar phase
How can there be anything &quot;beyond&quot; the CMB?
Determining Distances in Space
Why does Earth enjoy a significantly longer time as a habitable planet as compared to Mars or Venus?
Appearance (frequency) ranking of stars?
Why does a particle feel no force at radii greater than itself?
Yellow object between δ Ori and η Ori
Standard practices and models for generating the ephemerides of the solar system
Is axial tilt direction correlated with semi-major axis direction?
Appropriate battery for overnight viewing to drive telescope and GOTO?
As of now did a radio telescope ever recorded something else than the silence of space?
How do I calculate the positions of objects in orbit?
Humans surviving in space
Exercise: 2D orbital mechanics simulation (python)
Will Earth lose the Moon before the Sun goes into supernova?
What is the degree of ionization is the solar photosphere?
Is there enough hydrogen left after a star dies so another star will have enough to light up?
Is broadcasting the location of Earth to potential extraterrestial civilization regulated?
Does the Moon have an aurora?
What are some applicable problems with the correct usage of G?
How deep and shaped is the depth of a black hole?
Is the dark energy between the moon and Earth measurable in any capacity?
From what distance can one object influence gravity of another object?
Why is the Oort cloud presumed to be spherical?
Why all the photos from 67p are black and white?
Where is the center point for the Supergalactic coordinate system?
The defintion of star/planetary/solar system
Strong force and metric expansion
Hulse-Taylor binary pulsar - what is the rate of mass/energy loss from the source?
Where did this famous Planetary Precession Formula come from?
Is a Wormhole a tunnel?
How to compute satellite coordinates (lat,long) given antenna&#39;s coordinates, angles and satellite height
Why did the moon abruptly change positions in the sky?
If the Wow! signal was not directed at us, then where?
How is the universe bordered?
Can General Relativity indicate phase-dependent variations in planetary orbital acceleration?
Number density of stars on the Galactic plane
Assuming a sufficient amount of mass above the density threshold, does the actual concentration of the mass matter in creating a black hole?
Does the Moon&#39;s magnetic field affect Earth&#39;s magnetic field?
Super massive black hole mass estimation in literature
Why can you see the space station on some days but not on others?
Is it possible to break apart a neutron star?
How many new galaxies enter the observable universe each day/year/decade?
Which stars did the Sun form with?
How bright are the outer planets, when at close range?
At what density does helium burning start in a star?
Climate modeling of exoplanets
VSOP for exosatellites? (Io, Titan, Ariel, etc)
Classification of a Comet
Explanation for the mathematics behind Venus&#39; retrograde motion
What is the distance that the Moon travels during one orbit around the Earth?
What would happen if a Black Hole and White Hole Collided?
How dense are Saturn&#39;s rings?
How do we know the big bang expanded space and not the other way around?
What is in the center of the universe?
Composition of planets&#39; core
I&#39;d like to become an astronomer. What experience do I need?
Synthesising types of galaxies using various stellar spectra
Is gravity a source of infinite energy at a cosmological scale
Can a gas giant have an other gas planet as satellite?
What are the color progression of a typical sunrise?
why quantum gravity doesnot exist?
How many meteors hit the moon every day or in how many days does a new meteor hit the moon?
Why does Jupiter break comets apart?
When will we be able to detect Earth-sized exoplanets?
Is the Drake Equation an accurate way of finding the probability of life on planets?
Could we fly/drive through Jupiter?
Why does this graph for sunlight intensity on land has a steeper slope during sunrise as compared to sunset?
Companion Sun the cause of comet impacts with Earth
How would Special relativity explain past-present-future if thinking about 13-billion-light-years distanced objects
Black Holes, how do they form?
What happens to photons that don&#39;t interact with something?
How can we tell if the asteroid 2013 TV135 will hit Earth in 2032?
Python 2D Jean Instability in Spiral Galaxy Simulation
Is Pluto still a dwarf planet?
What will happen to our solar system if the milky way collided with Andromeda galaxy, would any planets survive?
What causes the bright white area in this photo of the earth?
What is the current accepted theory as to why Titan has retained its atmosphere?
What would happen if Jupiter and Earth were at the same distance as the Moon is from Earth?
How to determine scalar-to-tensor ratio r from CMB polarization spectrum?
Is it conceivable that the presence of chlorophyll (or similar) could be distinguishable from other chemicals on an exoplanet?
Evidence behind Giant Impact hypthesis
Do we get any benefit from being in a galaxy?
Viewing a solar eclipse through a leafy tree
What is the ratio of &quot;real&quot; stars in the sky?
In 2016, the summer solstice will coincide with a full moon. How often does this happen?
Statistically, what would the average distance of the closest black hole be?
Is there a standard mapping of symbols to terms for celestial and orbital mechanics
How are stellar elemental abundances quoted?
Mass of sun&#39;s core
Does naked eye miss a lot between local stars and distant milkiness?
Pictures of a curious astronomical phenomenon
What is the angular diameter of Earth as seen from the Moon?
Do extraterrestrial landscapes or planets count as nature?
Is it accurate to say that we have a gravitational attraction towards all objects in the known universe?
Is Mars expected to go through the tail of Comet Siding?
What would be the dynamics of a double-planet system, similar to Earth / Moon, but with both bodies nearly Earth-sized?
Is there light on the surface of Venus?
How did the Mars satellites &quot;take cover&quot; from the recent comet flyby?
If we count Avogadro&#39;s Number of stars that are closest to Earth, how big that space would be?
Where can I find a catalog of all stars in the Milky Way?
Is early life required for life?
What is the correct ratio of Newtonian to General Relativistic gravitational effects for Sun + single planet orbital system
How near to Earth do comets pass?
Might Oort cloud comets be exchanged between solar systems?
Diameter of any galaxy
Do all stars have an oort cloud or is it a rare occurance?
How do we know that the speed of the influence of gravity is instant?
Question about the Sun&#39;s Motion
Star class according to initial mass
Time-density and time-temperature functions of the Universe since the Big Bang
How much would you weigh if Earth stopped orbiting the Sun?
Evolution of Life
What is the difference between Sphere of Influence and Hill sphere?
why do we look at dark energy as an energy?
How can a planet not rotate at all and yet have 1 year that is day and 1 year that is night?
what is a MIA satellite
Are epicycles and mean Earth/Sun actually useful astrophysical concepts?
Time period in which a planet rotates
Could dark matter be considered a medium?
What happens if gravity shuts down for only one second?
Mapping selenographic coordinates onto a sphere
length of Star lifetime
Why objects are uniquely defined by their right ascention and declination?
A question about stellar magnitude and the pogson&#39;s equation
Binary star not exceeding Roche Lobe?
When will all eight planets in our solar system align?
Why does iron consume more energy in the fusion process than it produces?
Can we see individual stars in other galaxies?
Red cresent moon
What is a singularity? What is at the center of a black hole? Specifically regarding space-time
What is the danger for Ceres of collision with other asteroids?
Fate of the Universe
How would we detect a planet behind the Sun?
Is the whole universe is rotating on an axis?
Do parallel universes exist?
Can Hubble red shift be interpreted as time dilation?
Is Earth&#39;s orbital eccentricity enough to cause even minor seasons, without axial tilt?
Would an exoplanet without axial tilt have no seasons?
Is it possible that a ultra-large portion of the space we live in is already inside a black hole? How could we refute this?
Time dilation at the Big Bang
Does cosmological horizon grow or decrease as it radiates?
Why Earth&#39;s perihelion occurs 3rd January rather than 1st?
Is there a theoretical limit on telescope&#39;s resolution?
Is it possible that only one hemisphere of a planet has an atmosphere?
What causes the dimensions of a star increase when its hydrogen fuel is exhausted?
Does the sky get darker faster during the winter?
What is the furthest object from which fermion rays were detected?
What day/night cycles, climate and seasons would experience Alpha Centauri Bb inhabitants?
Can a person at a photon sphere of a black hole decide where the black hole is?
Age of the universe and age of stars
The furthest horizon in the Solar system
How big would the asteroid belt planet be?
Is there a lower limit for the altitude of orbiting objects?
Is it possible to see a moonrise or moonset twice in a day?
Do black holes have energy?
What is the current size of the SN1006 supernova remnant?
How to leave the Universe
Why aren&#39;t there galaxy-sized balls of iron out there?
What happens if two galaxies collide very quickly?
What known comets are binary?
What is the ratio of cosmic microwave background radiation to normal radiation?
Venus started with retrograde rotation?
Could light be dark matter?
Can astronomical radio sources be used as a verifiable randomness beacon?
Can we (theoretically) spin the black hole so strong that it will be broken apart by centrifugal force?
When the set of official dwarf planets is expected to increase?
Does the radius of the Universe correspond to its total entropy?
Advancement of perihelion, data
Dark Flow: statistical limits on existence
Is there any way a meteor can hit at less than escape velocity?
Matter and Antimatter Interaction in the early Universe
Apocalypse on earth
Can matter leave the cosmic horizon?
Is Zeta Reticuli within the Orion Arm?
Observed sun/moon rise/set times to nearest second?
Brain vs galaxy
local stellar mapping data
Exoplanet naming conventions
Accretion of in-falling material for a young main sequence star
When do Mercury/Venus reach greatest elevation at sunset/twilight for a given location?
Are ascending node of sun, the point of intersection of prime meridian and equator and center of earth all collinear?
Sky Glow calculations
What is it like at the edge of the universe?
Can Space-Time Itself Have Energy Qualities Like Momentum?
Would bacteria on incoming meteors burn before impacting?
I know when the human history ends. Or not?
How could we observe Dyson spheres?
Long term effect on rocks of high pressure and temperature?
Are there large underground caverns on Mars?
Milky way: How do we know its appearance?
What is the size of the universe.is it infinite?
Formation of Cosmic Microwave Background
Planetary gas giants
Is there a paper on galaxy mergers in clusters of galaxies?
Why can&#39;t we detect water on Mars in the same way as in exoplanets?
On (minuscule) dark matter production in supernovae
What is the Fundamental plane for Elliptical Galaxies?
Using Tully Fisher to measure Distance Problem
What was the greatest spatial extent of the Asteroid Belt prior to the Late Heavy Bombardment?
Did the Late Heavy Bombardment Period Happen Because of a Stellar System Collision?
Do meteorites streak across the sky in the same direction?
Is the expansion of the universe greater than the speed of light?
Spotting the International Space Station (ISS)
Why are (Type II) supernovae so bright?
Earth&#39;s gravitational pull on ISS
How can light reach us from 14 billion light years away?
What is the galaxy M87 doing these days?
Why natural satellites (moons) of all Planets are Solid?
Are there standard algorithms and procedures for creating unique sky maps based on latitude/longitude/date/time?
Requesting book references for a non-expert person with math background or just a non-expert person
During an eclipse, does the size of the moon and sun match perfectly?
How certain are we about the universe&#39;s flatness?
Is there matter forming in the inflationary space?
Can you explain the pattern of Hill sphere sizes of the objects of the Solar system?
How fast is a comet moving when it crosses Earth&#39;s orbit?
What is the ultimate fate of a cluster of galaxies?
Conundrum involving distance to object, universal expansion, age of universe, etc
Expansion of the Universe
Which kind of properties can we get for cosmic ray particles hitting on an optical ccd?
Selecting a Telescope for Viewing Planets
How can I collimate a dobsonian telescope with a laser collimator?
Collimator for Dobsonian, same as Newtonian?
What is the farthest object we&#39;ve been able to bounce signals off of to date?
What are the biggest problems about the numerical, finite-element GR models?
the metal distribution in our solar system
How to calculate right ascension of Greenwich?
Distance of extra-galactic Classical Cepheids
How was the Earth-Sun distance originally calculated?
How massive can a star be at birth?
Are there stars that don&#39;t emit visible light?
Determining effect of small variable force on planetary perihelion precession
Tools for creating a multiwavelength view of the sky
Conditions on Hot Jupiters
How are Galaxy Super Clusters Generated
Is a spotting scope or binoculars a better choice for astronomy?
meaning of p-wave charmonia
Is there an astronomy exam I can take?
any unique phenomenon when the cores of two planets are aligned with their star&#39;s core?
Why does the Moon sometimes look Yellow?
How many astronomers are there in the world today?
Why does the Moon never set in Svalbard, Norway?
If the speed at which the universe contracts in reverse time decreases over time, then how did scientists arrive at a date for &quot;The Big Bang&quot;?
What&#39;s the likelihood of the existence of unknown elements in the Solar System?
Our universe the surface of a 4-dimensional sphere?
Sedna, VP113 and the likelihood of the PX/Tyche/Thelistos hypotheses
Are there sufficient observational data to measure non-Newtonian perihelion advances of any Asteroid and Comet orbits?
Adaptive Optics?
what is the metal distribution in our universe
Is there a term for stars without any planets?
What can a lunar-based telescope do?
Potential Re-Capture of Rogue Planets
Is there a &#39;South Star&#39;?
Hypothetical scenario, two nearby black holes
What is the radius of observable universe- 46 billion LY or 200 yottameters?
Contradict the expansion of the universe?
During what time of the year can Centaurus be seen from Tokyo?
Save current state in ds9?
Why is sodium such a common ion for in ion tails?
Is the Hubble Ultra-Deep Field image representative of the entire sky?
Could the universe have evolved differently?
Is dark energy constant?
How LOFAR pass through the ionosphere?
Birthdate differences calculation relative to earths orbit duration
Estimating the tangential and cross component of the galaxy&#39;s shear using Gnomonic projection
Beta profile fit of Virgo cluster gas?
Fate of the Spiral Arms of the Milky Way and Andromeda
Thought experiment about the outskirts of the universe
Questions about spiral galaxy arms
Why aren&#39;t the farthest objects close to each other?
How to identify stars in photographs?
With gravitational lensing, is it possible to mathematically compute the correct image of the galaxy that is being distorted?
Can the martian dichotomy (SIH) and the moon&#39;s formation (GIH) be related?
How was an infrared picture of the entire universe taken?
How do black holes evaporate?
What is the relative time difference between us and a star system in outer layer of our galaxy?
Sensitivity of calculated orbital elements to observational errors
What is the exact position of the Large Magellanic Cloud?
Original Hubble diagram units incorrect?
What did I see streaking across the sky last night?
World line coordinate finiteness
Why do (most of) the planets rotate counterclockwise, i.e. the same way the Sun does?
Can the Gaia telescope detect small temporarily captured asteroids near its Lagrange orbit?
Why do astronomers like green laser pointers?
Time after sunset until star can be seen
Why do some celestial bodies have atmospheres, and not others?
Star System Formation questions
Can we see the Big Bang happen if we look far enough?
How many light years away is Earth from the closest outer edge of the black hole at the center of the Milky Way?
Which spiral arm of the Milky Way is Kepler-62 in?
How did the reionization epoch make the universe &quot;transparent&quot;?
Why don&#39;t planets give off their own light?
Will an observer falling into a black hole be able to witness any future events in the universe outside the black hole?
Can solar luminosity &amp; activity be predicted?
What are possible methods of discerning a starburst AGN composite galaxy?
What&#39;s an order-of-magnitude main sequence star look like?
Multiple apparent lunar eclipses last night
What type of energy is escaping from black-hole&#39;s poles?
What is star composition after formation
Is it possible to extend the life of a star?
Data for red-shifting
Can we find out whether early Venus was Earth-like or not?
The face of the moon at moonset
the length of second, minute or hour, what defines the time of exo planetary bodies
Is Rosetta changing the theory of comets?
Is it possible for a person to not see the new moon at different places on earth?
Telescope on polluted environment
Starting out in practical astronomy
Contradiction between Theory of Relativity and Newton&#39;s Law of Universal Gravitation?
Finding the solar noon based on longitude and latitude?
Infinite universe? How?
How is space-time bent by black holes?
How can I accurately find &amp; apply the white donut to the center of my mirror?
Under Earth&#39;s gravitational pull, how dense would an object have to be to reach its Schwarzschild Radius?
Electron Degeneracy Pressure and the Pauli Exclusion Principle
Name of area close to Local Bubble?
How to polar align an equatorial mounted telescope when you are close to the equator?
Derivation of the formula for longitude of ascending node for a satellite
What are Flamsteed numbers?
What would the effects be on Earth if Jupiter was turned into a star?
Difference between quasar and Active Galactic Nuclei?
Is a white dwarf hotter than a Red Giant?
Do we expect life to develop only in certain regions of the galaxy?
Date and time system on moons
Why do the rings around the Gas Giants get their &#39;ring&#39; shape?
Hour angle sunrise calculation problem
Are multiple satellites required to handle geostationary orbits?
Is it a coincidence that both the sun and moon look of same size from earth?
What is CMB radiation doing to the universe?
Why don&#39;t stars move in the night-sky as the moon does?
Connection between Earth, Moon, Theia, and astroid belt?
Going from the second moments of an object to its ellipticities and half-light-radius
Birth and Evolution of Millisecond Pulsars
Is there any point on earth where the moon stays below the horizon for an extended period of time?
Why don&#39;t we have 2 Summers and 2 Winters?
seasons elongating and shortening
how does Kepler stop exposure after a 5 minuate or 30 minute cadence time?
Why does this twilight sky flat field have a grid of dark pixels?
Is the argument of perihelion random?
What are the current observational limits on the existence of Dyson spheres/swarms/rings?
Astronomy questions I wondered for hours
Determining planetary positions on the celestial sphere by Right Ascension and Declination
Can there be an infinity of humans in the Universe?
Visibility of Apollo 11 module
How many galaxies disappear beyond the Hubble Bubble horizon every year now?
Does the Sun rotate?
how to know the nature of the companion in a neutron star binary?
What is the maximum number of planets in the habitable zone?
Generalised planets?
Can there be an infinity of stars in the Universe?
Distance between each dish in an array telescope configuration
Apogalacticon and Perigalacticon
Inclination of planets
What mechanism causes oscillations of the solar system&#39;s orbit about the galactic plane?
How do telescopes &quot;zoom&quot; and change angle of view?
How can the Advanced Composition Explorer (ACE) warn of incoming solar storms?
What is gravity really?
Can we hear something on Venus, Mars and Titan?
Could a habitable satellite of a gas giant have a stable subsatellite?
Does the universe have an edge?
Landing on an &quot;earth-like&quot; planet (practical application)
Black dwarf binary systems
how did James Bradley discover light aberration?
Does mass create space?
Compute Planet&#39;s Apparent Visual Magnitude
Is there a theoretical maximum size limit for a star?
Do star systems stripped from galaxies have different expected behavior?
Why can&#39;t we determine the center of the universe
How distances are measured in the Solar System, in the Galaxy, and in the Universe?
How do we determine something is &quot;x&quot; light years away?
Basic celestial data
Perception of an objects history passing as an observer moves toward it
Why can we sometimes see the moon during the day?
What is this graph showing?
Quasars and SMBH
Stellar mass of galaxies
Are these facts about moon true?
How does a gravity slingshot actually work?
Would an ultra bright moon indicate that the world is ending?
How massive does a planet need to be to create gravitational lensing?
Can the asteroid belt be seen from Jupiter?
The RA and Dec of lunar poles
How was the core temperature of the Sun estimated?
What is the time/size/rigidity ratio for a space object to become mostly round?
Do planetary radio frequency change upon alignments?
Can Summer Triangle asterism be used for navigation?
How to compare a Catadioptrics light asorbtion with a reflector?
How were the designations of &quot;North&quot; and &quot;South&quot; applied to the hemispheres of Mars?
Can two comets travel together as one?
Pulsation Modes of Cepheids
Accurate way to programmatically generate a main sequence star?
Sloan digital sky survey galaxies
What is the apparent magnitude limit for the naked eye?
What are the differences between a Black Hole and a Supermassive Black Hole
What is the farthest point of light that is emitted by a torch?
Would a high albedo reflective substance cool down Venus?
Would a low albedo substance warm up Mars?
Are there a lot of collisions between stars in the core of the galaxy?
how to measure temperature of the distant star
What is the difference between a dwarf spheroidal galaxy and a globular cluster?
regarding spectral type of a star
Is it Possible for Planetary Bodies To Exist In Close Proximity Without Adverse Effects?
Why is right ascension measured in hours?
Is there a radius inside of which objects are (doppler) blue shifted?
Rate of star collpse
How did Kepler determine the orbital period of Mars?
how does redshift prove expansion is accelerating?
Can spectroscopes identify minerals?
Can I look at the sky and find the day of the week?
Sun path at poles
Why there are three equations governing blackbody emission?
Finding the radius of an eccentric orbit at any point
Why do rocks on other solar system bodies that have an atmosphere seem to be flat?
Schmidt-Cassegrain telescope
How might Thales have predicted a solar eclipse?
&quot;If earth had rings like Saturn&quot;: A few further thoughts on the consequences
If the Universe is infinite, why isn&#39;t it of infinite density?
what will be the exact position of the Thirty Meter Telescope
Using the Sun as a Gravitational Lens
Metallicity: What are the metallicity values of various galaxies?
CCD in telescopes: Observation and Astro-photography
Point Spread Function size: Full Width Half Maximum (FWHM) vs Sigma
Are astronomers continuously monitoring exoplanetary systems?
Speed comparison of both voyagers
Why doesn&#39;t this paradox disprove (some) multiverse quantum gravitational theories?
Does the Sun have hard radiation?
Invisible in visible light but visible in non-visible light?
Help in determining the features of an unusual, fictional star system
Does matter accumulate just outside the event horizon of a black hole?
Can the next possible ice age be projected based upon the Milankovitch cycle?
Percent-illumination of crescent moon and its naked-eye visibility?
Naive star filter visible at night in certain country
How to determine period of pulsar?
What are the objects that are visible from a city?
How would I measure that I&#39;m at a pole?
How many planets are there in this solar system?
Supermassive black holes at the center of galaxies
Do we make predictions in our time, or local time?
What is the physics of a gas mass subject to gravity in space?
Origin of the magnetic field of neutron stars
Was the progress of astronomy in the 1800s surprisingly slow, and if so why?
Calculate latitude and longitude based on date and sun
Any cheap (&lt;100 euro) tools for observing the lines in solar spectrum?
What is the difference between our time and space time?
Singularity in Laplace Method for Orbit Determination
Formation of stars
Parking a telescope at a Lagrange point: is this a good idea from a debris point of view?
Dark Energy Expansion
If an object with mass were to somehow go the speed of light, would it destroy the whole universe?
Escaping a black hole
Any cheap (less than 100 euro) telescope for observing Jupiter?
Could dark energy be negative gravity?
How does solar activity (e.g. flares, coronal mass ejections) change over the life cycle of a Sun-like star?
What record do we have of the length of supernovas?
Would time go by infinitely fast when crossing the event horizon of a black hole?
How does water exist within the frost line of a star?
Is Mars visible from naked-eye from Michigan (47N, 88W) these days?
Sum of the Masses of All Moons in the Solar System
Is the rotation of the Sun and the rotation/orbit of the Moon around the Earth a coincidence?
Satellite/Planetary Orbits
How many stars are visible to naked eyes around Equator area?
One year on the sun
How are black holes doors to other universes?
Is it safer to be near a star or a black hole?
How would the night sky look from inside a globular cluster?
What is the difference between gas and dust in astronomy?
A black &quot;superhole&quot; possibility?
How many planets do on average different star types support?
Outside of a Universe and its origin
Does the sun have a protective shield
What do we mean by space is expanding?
Why do stars appear to twinkle?
Metallicity of Celestial Objects: Why &quot;Metal = Non-metal&quot;?
Is the expansion accelerating or Decelerating?
How can the 13.8 billion years old universe have a radius of 46 billion light years?
Coordinates of the Moon
Which is really larger, Big Dipper or Small Dipper, in 3D
Can the Sun be used as a point source of light to achive better focus?
Recommendation for introductory cosmology text
Average amount of annual daylight at any place on earth
How does the evolution of a solar system not break the second law of thermodynamics?
Black Hole / Hawking Radiation: Why only capture anti-particle?
How big is the universe. How does it works?
Why do we think that there is no two-solar-mass black hole?
If Mars orbited the Earth how distant would it have to be to cause the same tides?
What is $v_{GSR}$
Why are orbits elliptical instead of circular?
Pulsars with accreting disk in binary system
Are there are any photographs online that approximate what the Milky Way looks like to the unaided eye?
Orbital Elements Transformations
Is the Sun homogeneous?
Is it possible to have two objects moving by sum speed of light (c) in the opposite direction?
How can I calculate what star was above my head when I was born?
Why do we not send diggers to Mars if we think there&#39;s underground water?
What is the optimal escape trajectory from near a black hole?
Term for a momentary geometric pattern formed by astronomical objects
Any new info about solar flares hitting the Moon added by the LADEE mission?
Why are spacecraft not air-launched from airplanes
What is the difference between LMC and SMC?
Blowing up an asteroid/comet really potentially worse?
What is meant by &quot;Radial Direction&quot; of a galaxy?
What percentage of visual stars are actually binary stars?
How to calculate Longitude from Right Ascension?
Why the lows of the GRB 2014-04-27 in Andromeda?
Did the Babylonians believe in the Heliocentric version?
Torus of the AGN
Why is twilight longer in summer than winter and shortest at the equinox
What study profiles could land me the job of Astronomer?
What are shooting stars and how are they formed?
How would a planetary defence against comets work?
How exactly does inflation convert random gravity fluctuations into coherent gravitational waves?
Calculating Angular Distance
Triple Stars v/s Ternary Stars
Are Gamma Ray Bursts of galactic or extragalactic origin?
How can pre-main sequence stars radiate more energy than main-sequence stars?
Why do pictures of the Milky Way look like a spiral?
Active Galactic Nuclei - categorisation on the basis of observer?
Instrument aperture sizes on Hubble Telescope
Taking Advantage of Time Dilation
2SB mixer in radio astronomy?
Calculation of Horizontal Coordinates
Where is a Hollow Object&#39;s Center of Gravity?
Meaningful theories of the shape of the universe
What does &quot;Normalized to Si 10 to the power 6&quot; mean?
Do origin theories imagine each planet to first orbit the Sun very irregularly before stabilizing?
Active Galaxies
Motion of rogue planets
golden and red colored light even after Sunset
How big would a disc have to be to blot out the sun covering 5% of the land mass of earth?
how steady over time are right ascension and declination values?
How are the masses of celestial bodies determined?
Mechanisms of binary/multiple star formation
What kind of collision of celestial bodies would be visible to the naked eye?
Broadband spectrum of Sun
Is the expansion of the universe proof of the big bang?
How did astronomers first come to understand that the Sun&#39;s core was a gas?
A day in earth, a thousand years somewhere else
Determine north just by one shadow
Flatness of the universe?
Does Earth revolves around Milky Way?
Why do we have the cosmological constant?
How many black holes exist?
Would space-faring vehicles in interstellar space be in pitch darkness, show reflections from the nearest star or be bathed in light completely?
How many earths fit in the observable universe?
Could there be life beneath the surface of Mars or moons?
Can Mercury hit Earth or Mars in the next 5 billion years?
Is the moon only 60 pixels?
Where can I find a set of data of the initial conditions of our solar system?
What would happen if a planet is removed from the solar system?
Why does the Moon stablize Earth&#39;s axis?
Sun from SuperNova
Calculate Day of the Year for a given date
Do heavier elements breakdown during supernova?
Is dust extinction/reddening caused by Rayleigh scattering or some other physics phenomenon (or both)?
Can impact craters on the moon act like giant radio telescopes?
Triangular Asterism Trigonometry
Motion of the sun as observed from mercury
Faster Earth spinning speed to overcome gravity, possible?
Why planet&#39;s orbit is not perpendicular or random ?
How often do stars form?
How do scientists know that a rock found on Earth came from Mars?
Intrasolar planetary surface temperature change divergence from Earth
Are neutrinos affected by gravity fields?
Where will I be able to see the Lyrid meteor shower?
Best telescope for the viewing of Nebulae, Stars and Planets
Will the UK be able to witness the tetrad in April 2014?
Why do we not find larger quantities of helium in the Sun&#39;s atmosphere?
Cooling of stars
Does science need support from religion or philosophy to explain the creation?
How exactly can the hypothetical conformal invariance of the CMB spectrum be established by analyzing tensor modes?
Is Sahara desert a good place to build radio/optical telescopes?
In the end what is the ultimate matter/element in the universe, due to fusion process in stars?
which or what kind of star has a very stable luminosity?
How can a Blackhole have mass?
Big Bang Thoery, what triggered it and why
Do moons have moons?
How to get the longitude/latitude from solar zenith/azimuth?
Is it possible neutron stars are actual elements?
How would Alpha Centauri A appear from the surface of Alpha Centauri Bb?
What shape are black holes theorized to be?
Sources of astronomy-related dataset?
How to use a telescope to find a specific celestial body?
Would a Phobos full impact make Mars temporary habitable?
Why is Mars&#39; atmosphere so thin?
How small can a planet be and still have Earth-like gravity?
If Earth didn&#39;t rotate, would we feel heavier?
Will a new planet form if Jupiter&#39;s influence on asteroid belt will diminish in a few billion years?
Does Doppler shift affect apparent pulsar frequency?
How can the sun burn without oxygen?
What is visible light colour output of different stars?
is pan-starrs&#39; data available to public users?
Is the surface of Venus red hot?
What determines which frequency range a radio telescope has?
Could an asteroid impact cause radioactive fallout?
If the moon still had a magnetic field how long would have been possible to keep an atmosphere?
Is it dark inside a black hole?
Jupiter&#39;s magnetosphere interacts with the one from Saturn?
Is the local group bound to the Virgo cluster?
Formulas to determine the illuminated phase and orientation of the Moon
&quot;Chain reaction&quot; supernovae?
Has someone looked the other way?
Why is Mars considered the outer edge of the &quot;goldilocks zone&quot;?
Relation between position of stars and locations of gemstones?
Why is the solar system often shown as a 2D plane?
Red Moon a Characteristic of all Total Lunar Eclipses?
Questions about time and space (from beginner)
Putting mass-luminosity relation and HS diagrams together leads us to a mass-age relation; so how do stars lose their mass over time?
Does the earth&#39;s atmosphere act as a spherical lens and refract light from space?
Which type of telescope should I make?
What is the term for a star swallowing another star?
Please Guide me to buy my first Telescope
Why are distant galaxies not visible in the observable Universe?
Are satellites orbiting around earth visible to the naked eye?
The formation of absorption lines in solar spectrum
Why is the Solar Helical (Vortex) model wrong?
What will a lunar eclipse look like from moon?
Choosing a diffraction grating
How and when did we learn about the universe?
Will we ever end up in the black hole?
First night on a telescope questions
How are East and West defined on other bodies of our solar system?
What was the age of the universe when the average density was one atmosphere?
Assumption of our universe being the surface of a 4-D sphere in order to describe relative uniformity in the cosmic microwave background?
How did Copernicus get the idea of heliocentric model?
Is there any difference between parallel universes and multiverse?
Inability of Hubble to clearly resolve nearby celestial objects
Why don&#39;t we feel the speed of earth moving
First meteor(s) of Lyrid meteor shower?
What is the formula to predict lunar and solar eclipses accurately?
Movement of the satellites of the planets . . .
Finding a Kerr Black Holes
Cosmic microwave background radiation
Collision of 2 black holes
Position and velocity vectors of nearby stars?
Why don&#39;t planets and asteroids have (cometary) tails?
What is the name of that which exists beyond the Universe?
What was the length of year 1 million years back?
Do solar systems have to evolve in a galaxy?
Why do Jovian moons fade when transiting Jupiter&#39;s shadow?
Might the universe be really small yet seem infinite from spherical reflections?
Einstein General relativity and bending of space
&quot;How the Universe Works&quot;: is it scientifically accurate?
Telescope in Sun&#39;s gravity lens focus - pointing, gain, distortions
Density of hydrogen between galaxies
Adjust axis labels in ds9
What can we expect from the first accurate image of a black hole? (wich will be taken soon)
What is meant by Electronic Beam Steering and how is it achieved?
How would water waves behave in partial gravity?
How powerful a telescope would allow me to view the astronauts aboard ISS do a space-walk?
How to calculate the movement of the object passing near other object in space?
Present distances between planet. How can I find them?
What is the minimum mass required so that objects become spherical due to its own gravity?
Can a black hole reach a limit where it can no longer attract more matter?
Doesn&#39;t gravity attract objects in space until they collide?
3D Positions of Nearby Stars
Why is every year the same number of days despite the gravity in the solar system?
What’s the object between the earth and the sun currently showing in Google maps?
What is the connection between moons, rings, and gaps?
Is it possible that all dark matter is made of rogue planets (free-floating planet)?
Build a high quality telescope from scratch
What is the most extreme weather found on another planet?
Does the gravity of the planets affect the orbit of other planets in our solar system?
Does the holographic principle contradict eternal inflation?
Space objects visible from earth
Why does time get slow near a black hole?
A curious relationship between lunar periods and the solar year
Is there a fundamental difference between a small galaxy, and a large star cluster?
Do the E and B modes of the CMB polarization have anything to do with electric and magnetic fields?
Why isn&#39;t the dark energy getting decreased?
How do scientists know if an Earth-like planet is really Earth-like?
Galactic Habitable Zone
What must/do astronomers reveal beyond their academic papers?
What limits the usable focal length of telescopes currently?
What are these faint streaks on the moon?
why are galaxies different in color?
Are we moving away or towards each other?
How can we predict a Big Crunch when all galaxies are moving further apart?
Simple life on asteroids
Is there another explanation, apart from the doppler effect, for the redshift observed in distant galaxies?
What is the probability that there is life on other planets?
What is Gravitational Lensing?
What is the temperature of outerspace?
Would it be possible to calculate the expected frequency of impact craters of all sizes on Earth
What is the relationship between the focal length and f number of a telescope compared to a guide scope?
Is there online data on asteroid axial tilts?
Why can primordial tensor perturbations of the CMB be ascribed to gravitational waves?
If I have amateur astrophotography image data that might be of scientific value, what should I do?
What causes Earth&#39;s gravity?
What exactly does outer space contain?
Why are most planetary orbits nearly circular
What are the differences between TESS and PLATO exoplanet telescopes?
need data-point: actual counts per second with APD (avalanche photodiode) detector
Max. speed that a space probe can communite with the Earth?
How will the recent appearance of a supernova, the closest in 27 years, help reduce the uncertainties in our measurements of dark energy?
Why do stars become red giants?
Rotation and relativity
Do solstices and equinoxes shift over time?
Is the universe expanding faster than speed of light?
Why are most lunar maria on the visible side?
Asteroids turning out to be Meteorites
Radioactive decay is the main source of the earth&#39;s interior heat: fact or theory?
Is it possible to be &#39;still&#39; in space?
What is the orientation of planetary orbits?
Was the Milky Way ever a quasar?
Convert orbital elements to positions and velocities
How do I calculate the velocity dispersion of a galaxy given an integral field spectrograph?
Is it possible to create an artificial Black Hole?
How many planetary systems exist in our galaxy?
What is the speed of light relative to (in space)?
star atlas with absolute magnitude and spectral type
The reason behind Big Bang
Question about the formation of elements
Average rate of supernova x number of stars
Why is a meteorite impact on the moon visible as white light?
State of the stars
Do more objects appear on sky in time?
Do telescopes harm while observing sun through them?
Sattelite&#39;s orbit
When did the Moon stop?
Locate asteroid in asteroid belt
How fast is the universe expanding?
Can an amateur astronomer bounce a laser off the moon?
Why is the interstellar medium so hot?
From which country or area is the new moon visible first?
Do planetary surface temperatures change in unison in a solar system?
What is Event Horizon of a Black Hole?
How close would quasars have been to each other?
Age of the universe
How far apart can two people watch the moon simultaneously?
How can I calculate the orbital periods in a binary star system?
Why does e.g. Hubble&#39;s secondary mirror not block part of the picture?
How would light from a blue or red star affect the way we see?
If we lived in a multiverse, what would our universe most likely then be named?
Is the light we see from stars extremely old?
Are we moving ever closer to the center of our Galaxy due to a super massive black hole?
Black Hole, Object or Portal?
Can looking at the sun through solar viewing eclipse shades everyday harm your eyes?
Why does the darkening of the Moon go from left-to-right during an eclipse?
What happens to the shrinking universe in the presence of the pressure of Hawking radiation?
Heavy bombardment - Why has things cooled?
Is light bending around my finger?
Would Venus have any significant effects on Earth if its orbit were entirely within the habitable zone?
Where is all the antimatter?
What would the sky have looked like when galaxies first started to form?
Are many exoplanets synchronously tidally locked like Mercury?
What is that void that the universe is growing into?
Is everything quantum entangled?
Why doesn&#39;t the earth&#39;s surface collapse onto itself?
What method is used to calculate the &#39;quality&#39; of a solar/planetary image?
Location on (or in) the celestial sphere
regarding curvature of earth
Did atoms in human body indeed come from stars?
Can redshift be measured using fourier?
if the big bang only expanded the universe when and how did it originate?
How can we infer the mass of SMBH in galaxies that are not active anymore?
Do black holes die?
Can someone explain a Geostationary Orbit in a simpler way?
To what extent are structure formations unexplained?
What&#39;s a good step up from 7x50 binoculars?
What&#39;s the origin and culture of funny astronomical terminology?
If NASA is going to capture an asteroid with a spacecraft, wouldn&#39;t a UFO be able to manuever a celestial body?
strange moonset around 10 pm (3.2 2014, NZ) - explanation?
Why haven&#39;t Earth and Venus got any tiny moons? Or have they?
A clock travelling &quot;faster than the speed of light&quot;
Could I create a staircase to the moon and walk to it?
What are the concrete technical arguments supporting the idea that the wave function of the universe can be written as partition function?
Can we only see the past of the universe?
What does black hole evaporation correspond to in the accelerating universe / black hole analogy?
What are the masses of the two stars (given the information provided)?
Is it possible to calculate the time of day given latitude, longitude and solar elevation angles (zenith, azimuth, elevation)?
Class presentation on the Sun, ideas?
Matter/mass exist into the space. Where does space exist?
Integral calculus for the Olympiad?
Could black holes be creators of dark matter?
Do stars have exactly sphere shape?
If the earth stopped rotating, would we really fly inertially at 1000mph?
Which planet is also the name of an element?
How do one identify something they see in the sky?
What happened before the big bang?
Are black holes orbiting around each other?
Galaxies are moving away from each other then how Milkyway and Andromeda galaxy coming towards each other?
Why one cannot escape from a black hole
How is the magnitude of a star measured?
Can we know whether any distant galaxy is moving away in same direction or in opposite direction w.r.t. our galaxy?
How can we tell that the Milky Way is a spiral galaxy?
Is there an oxide layer on aluminum reflectors for telescopes?
Why is the outline of a crescent moon brighter?
Is there going to be a really bad Solar Storm in 2014?
Do stars of a galaxy change their positions relatively to each other?
Why has Moving Cluster Method been successful only for Hyades?
If oxygen was abundant in Neptune, would there be combustion?
Rotational speeds of the material forming planets should increase, not decrease
In what form was the space at singularity?
Where is Voyager 1 (or 2) going? In which direction?
What is needed to break through the surface of Europa?
How do I calculate the inclination of an object with an amateur telescope?
Convert coordinates between RA/dec and WGS 84 (SRID=4326)
Is there anything special about our position in the galaxy thats necessary for life?
Any possibility for life on moons of planets in our Solar System
traveling past the speed of light
If the tilt of the Earth changed, would the tropics latitude change too?
the most accurate system that can show the positions of planets at my birthday
What&#39;s the estimated remaining life of Halley&#39;s Comet?
Acronyms of catalogs in SIMBAD database
Internet Resource which register all Ultra-long Gamma-Ray Bursts
What will be Supernova SN 2014J&#39;s peak brightness?
What are angular sizes of thin and thick disks in our Galaxy?
Pluto&#39;s orbit overlaps Neptune&#39;s, does this mean Pluto will hit Neptune sometime?
How to measure distances to stars by means of spectroscopic parallaxes?
If we &quot;turned universe upside-down&quot; and changed all matter to anti-matter instantly
How do stellar temperatures vary?
Is it possible to measure galactic red shift using consumer telescope equipment?
How exactly is our universe mapped?
Star names and the HYG Database
Can small gas planets exist?
Explaining Dark Matter and Dark Energy to layman
Can orbital migration cause a planet to crash into the sun?
How do kepler orbits account for planetary migration?
Does anyone know why three of Jupiter&#39;s largest moons orbit in 1:2:4 resonance?
How do we know dark matter/dark energy exists?
What implications do younger Earth and Moon have on Late Heavy Bombardment genesis hypotheses?
Did big bang happen only one time or it might happen again somewhere million time away from our observable universe?
How do we know the big bang didn&#39;t happen in an existing universe?
Nuetrino interaction with plasma and electromagnetism
Time dilation on an object circling earth
Computing the S&#233;rsic profile of a galaxy from jpg images
Can we calculate the average temperature of the Heliosphere?
Asteroids between Mars and Jupiter
What distance has the moon been from earth at the closest?
Expansion again: where does the energy come from?
Neutrino interaction with dense molecular structures
How many minutes does a sundial change every day?
Length contraction of a star
Recommended papers
What if the black hole in the center of the galaxy grew faster?
What happens to the energy from a GRB?
Do all moons orbit their planets on the ecliptic?
SPH simulations
Can I see &quot;my own hand&quot; in the void space?
Is it possible that we see our solar system as a star?
Please take the time to visit Meta!
How Far Are We From the Edge of the Universe?
Relation between black hole mass and radius, and our universe&#39;s
Spacetime curvature illustration accuracy
Periodic behavior of Venus
How to estimate age of asteroid family Erigon
Are we made of the stuff of one star or more stars?
Could the earth&#39;s atmosphere have been partially stripped by a passing rogue planet?
Could dark matter particles be unstable?
Did time pass more slowly in the past?
what is the highest throughput astronomy project in pixels?
Pictures of large galaxies
How often does Earth cross the galaxy regions with higher supernovae activity?
Amateur observing targets for binary star systems?
Where can I find good places to watch stars?
Orbiting around a black hole
Does gravity slow or speed light up?
Will new stars stop forming at some point of time?
How to plot orbit of binary star and calculate its orbital elements?
Can you identify this telescope in a desert?
In India, what is the best time to view the geminid meteor shower in 2013
Emulation of an Orrery
How does light affect the universe?
Age and relativity
How can the life time of a multiple star system, such as for example the trinary system PSR J0337+1715 be derived?
Why are planets spherical?
apparent size of an astronomical body
Does gravity propagate?
When we say a galaxy is 200 million light years away, does this account for the expansion of space in the time it took it&#39;s light to reach us?
Heavy star and redshift
What is the physical, geometric shape of the universe?
Are nebulae only visible from a distance?
Do galaxies have a preferred orientation?
How does angular resolution of a telescope translate to its parallax precision?
Is the discovery of Alien or Extra Terrestrial Life a function of the science of Astronomy?
How can satellites be safe in the atmosphere when there are so many asteroids coming in?
Could something temporarily break the Moon&#39;s tidal lock?
How does gravity affect the wavelength of light?
Martian Brother
Two species of dark matter?
The life course for a massive star from birth to death using the HR Diagram
Why don&#39;t we see the galaxy center?
If we were to see the Sun with our naked eyes from the Orion belt, would all planets be encompassed inside the star? Is this calculable?
What does observational evidence say about the number of protoplanets believed to exist in the early solar system?
Black Holes emitting Hawking radiation
How to calculate the altitude of the Moon?
How Does Cosmology Constrain the Number of Neutrino Species?
How does a telescope measure parallax angle?
(Sound) Echo from X takes 5-7 days,
What does the term alien planet actually refer to?
How do astronomers find interesting events?
Latest sunrise/earliest sunset out of phase with solstice?
What does it mean for a black hole to &quot;evaporate&quot;?
How close are we to having the technology to measure planetary obliquity for exoplanets?
What is the fastest spinning rotation of a Neutron star?
What is a Barlow lens?
Our galaxy, the Milky Way, forms part of a galaxy group called The Local Group. What are the parameters that dictate what a galaxy group is?
What Is The Great Attractor?
Why Do Planets Revolve Faster When they Are Closer to Their Parent Star?
What skills would a software developer need to get a job in space research or exploration organization?
Which planet or moon has all resources that can be used to sustain life in a controlled biosphere?
What is the Exact time earth takes to revolve around its axis
What caused the comet ISON to disintegrate?
Can Doppler shift make colors of two stars at same distance different?
How do we know Milky Way is a &#39;barred&#39; spiral galaxy?
Light patch in the night sky
On analogies between gas and stellar systems
Good Introductory Textbooks
Is sundial time entirely dependent on solar azimuth?
Is it possible for a moon to orbit a planet floating free in the galaxy rather than orbiting a star
Why the earth revolves?
What is the difference between solar wind and solar radiation?
Can I see the star of Bethlehem at Christmas?
Calculate angle of inclination for a certain angle in a planet&#39;s orbit?
How stable are Lissajous orbits?
Dimensions of a black hole
Did a piece of Halley&#39;s comet strike the Earth 1,500 years ago?
When is optical refraction important in astronomy?
Is there any telescope on Earth that can see the lunar rovers on the moon?
How does the Milky Way look like above 66&#176; North and below 66&#176; South?
Solar Noon: meridian crossing time versus time of maximum elevation
What can be seen with a 4.5&quot; telescope
Timeline of falling into a blackhole
Was comet ISON in a Kepler orbit prior to disintegrating?
Lunar Soil : what are those &quot;bumps&quot; and how they were formed ?
If the hammer and feather move at the same speed why do comet and the tail particles move at different speeds?
Hypothetical beyond Neptune far away planets orbiting the Sun
How do we know that the intrinsic brightness of Cepheid variables corresponds to their period?
What are some night sky objects I could see with my Celestron UpClose 20x50 Porro Binocular?
Is the Jupiter-Sun system considered a binary system of some type?
How do we calculate the escape velocity of galaxies?
Is there an orbit that could cause regular debris showers like in the movie Gravity?
What theories are there in explaining the formation of the Pluto-Charon system?
What&#39;s the smallest scale at which dark matter has been measured?
What are the current observational constraints on the existence of Nemesis?
Calculate apsides without knowing eccentricity
Why do the planets in the Solar system stay in the same orbital plane?
Where does the radiation in space come from and can we observe it?
What are some theories that explain the 11 year solar cycle?
What effect does the Earth&#39;s rotation have on plate tectonics?
Day and night temperature on an earthlike planet with longer rotational period
Earth and ferromagnetism
Why is the Earth&#39;s center still hot after millions of years?
Why isn&#39;t Earth a perfect sphere?
How would Earth&#39;s climate differ if it&#39;s axis were tilted around 90 degrees like Uranus?
How can the Earth&#39;s rotation speed up?
Can protoplanetary disks form main-sequence stars?
Brightest Radio Source In the Universe
How exactly is the Initial Mass Function (IMF) calculated?
Where did Mars water go?
Official registry of lunar placenames?
How can absolute value of azimuth exceed distance from pole?
Source of T Tauri wind?
Stars at near break-up rotation rates
What is the formula to figure out how far away a star is?
How would we detect an Earth doppelganger planet?
What are the current accepted theories of the formation of the Uranian moon Miranda?
Coordinate transformations between reference frames in spherical astronomy
How to measure the altitude and azimuth of a star?
How do you figure out the magnitude of stars?
Is there a pattern between the mass of a body and the mass of orbiting objects around it?
How do scientists know there are about 300 billion stars in a galaxy and there are about 100 billion galaxies?
How do people measure the distance between the earth and the moon?
How to build a powerful home made telescope
Calculation of right ascension and declination
Are there any alternative explanations for the gravitational force we attribute to dark matter?
Milky Way Galaxy from Earth
Could any known, living organisms on Earth survive on Mars?
Why don&#39;t Neutron Stars form event horizon?
iteration to cover the whole sky with right ascension, declination, angle
Is it possible to observe if there is traces of life on an exoplanet?
Has life been discovered outside of Earth?
At what distance from Earth would our Sun be the same apparent magnitude as the next brightest star in the sky?
What is the maximum transmission distance of the radio signal in the outer space which could still be understood?
Why haven&#39;t asteroid belts turned into new large bodies?
How was Io not torn apart by tidal forces during its formation?
How could a hobbyist astronomer determine apparent magnitude of a star?
Could a cryo-volcano be the reason behind this colour difference in Iapetus&#39;s hemispheres?
Is lunar elevation at a given location for a given day unimodal?
USNO moon images look quite different?
Does the radio signal decay when it travels through the intergalactic space?
Does Ceres have an exosphere similar to the Moon?
What is the object in this photo?
Apparent size of M31
How does one determine the effective temperature of a star from its spectrum?
Why is the observable Universe larger than its age would suggest?
Can moon set after being up when due north? (pseudo circumpolarity)
How well can we in principle determine $T_{\textrm{eff}}$ of a star?
Does a planet&#39;s mass or gravity affect the height of it&#39;s mountains?
Does our universe have to be embedded in a higher dimensional space?
What&#39;s the fastest moving object in the universe?
What do we know about the lifecycle of the Milky Way (or any other spiral galaxy)?
How can only 1 magnetic pole of the Sun change at a time?
Can I see comet ISON from Saudi Arabia?
Inflation cosmology: slow-roll inflation versus tunneling between two vacua
How can the equation of state for cosmic strings and domain walls be derived?
Why is there billowing dust in nebulae?
Will Neptune be visible with the naked eye if I am standing on its satellite
How does a Bahtinov mask work?
Crab Nebula Time Period
How are the newly discovered Janus/Epimetheus rings different from the other rings of Saturn?
Open data for satellites positions
Solar maximum and minimum
How can we be sure that we have identified very distant stars correctly?
What does it mean for a star to go nova or supernova? Can I safely observe these?
Why do black holes have jets and accretion disks?
How can I calculate moon phase and height?
Do we live in a galactic bubble?
How can I measure the mass of eclipsing binary stars?
Colossus telescope, trying to outsmart aliens?
Planned telescope to detect alien waste-heat
What Causes the Large Radiation Fields Around Jupiter?
Is there a upper limit to the number of planets orbiting a star?
What happens to a star after it has become a red giant?
What are the next planned space telescopes?
Most important feature of a telescope
How can I safely observe a Solar Flare?
Is there a natural process by which hydrogen is generated from heavier elements in the cosmos?
What is the direction of a comet&#39;s dust tail before and after perihelion?
Can it be inferred that our cosmological horizon has increased over time?
What is a &#39;hybrid&#39; eclipse?
Changes to Earth&#39;s orbit
Is the Milky Way Visible from Nebraska?
Do planetary rings have geometric bounds?
What is a parsec and how is it measured?
What is radiation pressure and how does it prevent a star from forming?
Future of CMB observations: How will our knowledge of the early universe change?
What reason is there to doubt the existence of the hypothesised planet Tyche in the far distant solar system?
Why is the Hubble Telescope in space?
How can I observe the Orionid Meteor Shower?
How is the distance from Earth to distant celestial bodies calculated?
How much did we know about asteroids at the beginning of the 20th century?
Does gravitational lensing cause a black-hole to be the main &#39;source&#39; of light in a given area?
What are practical considerations for backyard radio-astronomy detection of black holes?
Why can&#39;t light escape from a black hole?
What is the upper and lower limit of temperatures found on stars?
Periodic error correction in automatic telescopes
On what scale does the universe expand?
Loss of atmosphere on Mars
Is it possible the Nebular Hypothesis and Planetesimal Theory are not correct?
Timescale of ignition of a protostar?
What might cause a planet to have a significant tilt in their orbit?
Why does Pluto&#39;s Orbit underlap Neptune&#39;s Orbit
What is the furthest object in the observable universe?
Why does Astronomy still use the Anno Domini system for Time Synchronization
Are we still in the Solar Maximus stage? Will this winter 2013/14 be a good aurora-viewing season?
Relativistic effects in stellar dynamical systems
Dealing with damp and dew whilst stargazing at night or in the early morning
How can I clean my lenses without causing scratching or damages to the lens surface?
What effects do other planets have on the solar system?
How much of an effect does the moon have on Earth&#39;s liquid mantle?
Why are some planets so close to their star?
Is there any evidence that the Gas Giant planets in our solar system are experiencing orbital migration?
How to detect emission lines in optical spectra?
Sources of Turbulence in the ISM
Effect of Charon on Pluto
Which came first: black holes or galaxies?
In what timeframe is W26 expected to go supernova?
How is it known that Callisto has no core?
Why does Titan&#39;s atmosphere not start to burn?
Why is our solar system &quot;tipped&quot; about 63&#176; with respect to the plane of our galaxy?
What causes a star to become a pulsar?
What is the largest recorded solar flare?
How does moonrise/moonset azimuth vary with time?
Do other planets in our solar system experience eclipses or is this unique to Earth?
What is the mass of hotspots in the Cosmic Microwave Background radiation?
Is the moon rotation at complete standstill?
Who or what will the Arecibo message reach?
Age of the universe
Are Barlow lenses stackable for bright objects?
Does the Reflection Method for Looking at the Sun Work For Refractors?
How does interstellar matter density vary?
How Does a Refractor Telescope Work?
What do shape of universe mean?
How do we detect if a planet has a liquid core?
What is the Lyman Alpha forest Used For?
Have we observed any rogue/wandering stars?
Long term development of Comets
Which are the consequences of Uranus&#39; high rotation axis angle?
What azimuth description systems are in use?
Why has Venus&#39;s atmosphere not been stripped away by solar wind?
Were effects of a planetary magnetic field reversal observed on other planets than Earth?
How much oxygen did the Warwick/Cambridge study find in the rocky debris around white dwarf GD 61?
Have we ever observed a large meteor hit the Moon?
How do large solar flares compare to flares on other stars?
How can I create tracks of the planet&#39;s orbits on my computer?
How do/did we figure out that planets move in orbits?
What is the standard reference point for measuring speed?
Jupiter FM - What are practical and inexpensive ways for the amateur detection of signals from Jupiter, especially of the transit of her moons?
How can an amateur astronomer verify the position of near Earth objects?
Why did the Comet Shoemaker-Levy-9 fragments cause such large explosions on Jupiter?
How long would it take for a rogue planet to evaporate in the late stages of the Universe?
Why do X-ray binaries such as GRS-1915 have active and quiet states?
Are Barlow Lenses Good For Deep Sky Observing?
What is the Neupert Effect?
Why does the Earth have a tilt of ~23&#176;?
Should I focus more on Aperture or Focal Length for a telescope?
What physical features determine if a planet is a major, minor or dwarf planet?
Why is the Sun&#39;s atmosphere (the corona) so hot?
Why does squinting make hard-to-see objects clearer?
Have Pluto or any of its moons been mapped?
Why Did Mars lose its Magnetic Field?
Is the surface of TrES-2b actually dark?
Moon orbits crossing each other
Which is the closest exoplanet to Earth?
Why do the Pleiades look clearer when viewed indirectly?
Current limitations in radio-astronomical spectrometry analysis of local interstellar cloud&#39;s hyperfine structures
Does the Moon Have Enough Water for Robert Zubrin&#39;s Mars settlement Plan To Work?
Space expansion in layman terms
Reason for disqualifying Pluto as a Planet?
How often do comets survive passage by the Sun?
Does the Perseid peak cause enough light pollution to be a problem?
I live in an area with a lot of light pollution, how can I view the stars without building an observatory?
Are any Pluto-sized objects remaining to be discovered in the Kuiper Belt?
What observational constraints are there in detecting the presence of volcanism on exoplanets?
Are astronomers researching or trying to find signs of worm holes?
Why did the Chelyabinsk meteor explode?
What is the current accepted theory for the fate of hot Jupiters?
What is the current accepted theory as to why Mercury, despite its size, has a similar density to Earth?
What is the predominant element in the dust of the Sombrero Galaxy?
Sky photography through compositing images in software?
Why does a planet rotate and revolve?
Why is there a matter/anti-matter asymmetry in the universe?
Could there be Earth-like planets in binary or trinary systems?
Does the Moon have any oxygen in its atmosphere?
What is the accepted theory as to why Uranus&#39; axis is tilted so severely?
Has Hawking Radiation Ever Been Observed?
Dark Matter Particle Candidates
How long does it take to produce a star? Why does it take that long?
What is the current accepted theory as to why Venus has a slow retrograde rotation?
What is the current accepted hypothesis of what caused Triton&#39;s retrograde orbit around Neptune?
Why does the Moon seem larger when it is close to the horizon?
Do all objects get larger in an &quot;expanding universe&quot;?
Why do sunspots appear dark?
What is the origin of the OBAFGKM classification system?
Why does mars appear to retreat across the sky?
Why does Jupiter have so many moons?
What is there in the intergalactic space?
What gases are needed to make a star?
What is the current routine of modern astronomy?
How fast do we travel through space?
What is the evidence that galaxies rotate?
Near-Earth supernova
What evidence is there of Earth-Like internal features of Europa?
Why do some planets have rings?
What is a hypernova and have we observed any?
What is the current theory for the formation of the Earth&#39;s Moon?
What is the current estimation for how much time the Sun will function properly?
Do the orbits of planets change sometimes?
What is the significance of the discovery of a pulsar flipping between radio and x-ray emissions?
How can we detect water on Mars-like exoplanets?
Do any known exoplanetary/solar bodies have &quot;annular&quot; eclipses similar to Earth&#39;s?
How do I build a stargazing aficionado&#39;s Sun funnel to observe our nearest star safely?
How many galaxies have been discovered?
How hot must a star get before it is considered to be a star?
What qualifies as a good place for stargazing, i.e. with least light pollution?
What is the relevance of the Tropics and the Polar Circles? Do they Exist on other planets?
What is the difference between asteroids, comets and meteors?
Why does the moon sometimes appear giant and a orange red color near the horizon?
Is the Apophis asteroid a concern?
What percent of planets are in the position that they could be viewed edge-on from Earth? (and thus able to undergo transits)
Why do the planets in our solar system orbit in the same plane?
What are Trojan Asteroids and where are they located?
What are the Earth-like features of Titan?
What is a wormhole?
Navigation using moon phases
What causes a neutron star to become a pulsar?
What is a White Hole?
What is the current accepted theory for Neptune&#39;s immense wind speed?
What are the metrics of observation conditions?
If nothing travels at the speed of light, except light, how can a black hole also pull light into itself?
What is the naming convention for newly discovered objects?
Is there Dark Matter inside the Earth?
Why does Mars&#39; experience an &#39;ice age&#39; at high axis obliquity, when Earth experiences an ice age at low axis obliquity
what is the current explanation for the formation of cosmic voids?
What happens to the Gas Pressure when working out the Eddington Luminosity?
Is the universe like the earth?
Time according to the gravity of Sagittarius A?
Is Earth&#39;s 1g solid surface gravity unusually high for exoplanets?
Can stars be observed from space by x-rays, near infrared and radio wavelengths?
In a spectrograph, photons follow the path: Screwdriver&gt; Camera&gt; Network / prism&gt; detector?
Why does Earth have more gravitational force than the moon if I stand on it?
How Does Black Hole Evaporation Look From the Inside?
is there any theory or observational evidence that our universe is electrically neutral or not?
Abundances of chemical determinations can be made from these observations cited bellow?
The tidal locking problem concerning Earth sized planets in habital zone around Red Dwarfs
why does venus flick?
When is Gamma Draconis closest to the zenith in London on April 4th
Open problems in astronomy that an amateur (with a PhD in some other field) would have a chance of solving?
Spectral analysis of AGN (velocity dispersion of galaxy absorption, doppler shifts)
What is the distance between 2 cities?
Is it possible to move a planet out of its orbit? At least a lighter planet?
Can we know the orbital planes of extraterrestrial planetary bodies?
How was all the matter curled up inside a singularity during big bang ?
How long until the stars are no longer visible by the human eye due to light pollution?
Planets orbiting Alpha Centauri
How often are new astronomical objects (variable stars, supernovae, comets, etc) discovered by amateurs?
Stars in star clusters in SMC and LMC
What will happen to life on Earth when the Andromeda and Milky Way galaxies collide?
How many stars and galaxies can be seen by the naked eye?
Where to obtain Tycho Brahe&#39;s data?
Weight of a celestial body
What would we find if we could travel 786 trillion light years in any direction
Is the sun too small to self-ignite?
Can the Universe be spatially closed and expand forever?
How should one rationally deal with the issue of space travelling alien civilizations?
Equations for coordinates of solar system objects
Can you assume atmosphere height for the purpose of surface pressure calculation?
Are there any works discussing planetary bodies being forms of life?
How much do the mascons on the moon affect surface gravity?
Will it be possible to just look out a window on a spacecraft?
Source of high energy cosmic particles
Statistics of elements abundance in exoplanets
Why is the Boomerang Nebula colder than the CMB?
If the 24 microarcsec parallax precision of the Gaia spacecraft is a 1-sigma value, what is the smallest parallax...?
How far apart is the dust in the Sombrero Galaxy&#39;s dust lane?
Number of stars or targets
Is there any practical use for astronomy?
Is it certain that dark matter consists of particles? (And not just curved space)
Orbital Elements Mars near June 2014
Is there any astronomical phenomena that could emit strong radio waves with multiples of a discrete frequency?
Why do objects burn when they enter earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Is it true that chaotic inflation is the most popular inflationary model nowadays?
What would happen if a body were to fall into a neutron star?
Collision of asteroid and gaseous planet - what would happen
Why is MRI important in disc formation?
SDSS: Inclination of a Field?
How do we find the exact temperature of a star?
Why aren&#39;t brown dwarfs the dark matter?
Is there a publicly available Gliese Star List
Calculate Distance To Stars
How much mass does an object in space need to keep a human on its surface?
How do we know the universe&#39;s expansion is speeding up?
What uncertainty does an error bar signify in astronomy?
What happens when star spins too fast?
Life planets orbiting black-holes. Can/Do they really exist?
Does the mass of the universe ever change?
what is a Friedmann model?
What could be the utmost lowest temperature in the universe/multiverse?
How can I calculate how the debris of an object ripped apart at the Roche limit will spread out?
Can we observe what objects exist at the L3 positiion of planets of our solar system?
Total solar eclipse, supermoon, and spring equinox all happening at the same time: anything special about this?
Binary stars system ultimate fate
Naming of the planets of the solar system
death of a red dwarf star / minimum mass needed for a white dwarf?
Can ground based telescopes use a starshade in space?
Why doesn&#39;t Earth&#39;s axis change during the year?
infrared telescopes, magnitude and observations
how to tell an optical spectrum is featureless or just with a low S/N?
Is it possible to use the stars to determine the passage of time?
Is the Oort Cloud actually opaque, or is the &quot;cloud&quot; used euphemistically because minor planets inside of it are too dim to be seen?
Why can&#39;t we observe the Oort cloud with a telescope?
Is it possible that some stars are already black holes yet we see light emitted from before becoming a black hole?
Galactic extinction as a function of distance
Leaving the Milky Way
Free source of printable star charts in the format of the Millennium Star Atlas?
What is the minimum size of a ball of gas to become a star?
Why are distant objects observed in the near infrared?
Nebula and galaxies using 70mm scope
The Existence of Natural Satellites in Geostationary Orbits
Can our Sun become a black hole
Around what apparent magnitude can the naked eye observe an object during full moon
What is the largest object on which the Yarkovsky effect has been observed?
Do astronomers, in principle, have more information about older phenomena than younger?
BIG CRUNCH Theory
Why did Earth need material from comets to assemble the raw materials for life?
Likelihood of a stable system with a dwarf planet&#39;s orbit inside that of a gas giant
are all the planet in the same plane?
Where is Mars in the night sky
Is a star powered by fission possible?
Is there a threshold on distance/size for a tidal locking?
Proof that Parallel Universes exist
Variables in the Instability Strip
How do you calculate the lookback time distance to a given galaxy?
Retrograde motion and Kuiper Belt Objects
How to read 5 degree data of green line intensity
Could someone see anything while being inside black hole?
Does the sun have a feature like the red spot on Jupiter?
Recombination question and arrow of time
Help identifiying a Diagram
How to convert horizontal coordinates using NOVAS?
Find constellation over Earth coordinates on a specific date-time
damage from an Asteroid
How did water get on Earth
How can you determine the initial volume of a planet&#39;s atmosphere?
What is the direction of the movement of the solar system in relation to the galaxy&#39;s plane
Do we still use the term &quot;astronomical unit&quot; nowadays?
Enhanced Star-Gazing with Special Glasses
Can an asteroid have a molten core?
Aren&#39;t there more naked-eye-visible stars in the Milky Way plane?
What are the azimuths of the planets&#39; orbits?
Given a date obtain latitude and longitude where is the sun zenith
How does radio bandwidth restrict the choice and use of science payload on interplanetary probes?
average number of exoplanets in a system
Gravitational pull needed to keep a gas in atmosphere
How much of the Milky Way is visible to the naked eye from earth?
PowerSeeker 114Q
Why there is no smoke around the Sun?
Dynamic Method-Please explain
Is there a simple, analytical formula for the lunar phase brightness curve?
Is there any planet/star bigger than VY Canis Majoris?
What is the typical resolving power of the largest optical telescopes?
A good book about the moon
When we see the Sun, do we actually see its past?
Is stacking welder&#39;s glasses a safe way to watch at the eclipse?
What is the Northernmost Latitude of Saturn?
SN1604, Former and Current Name of the Constellation Serphens
BIG Problem with the Planet definition
What were the challenges for the ancients to observe the orbit of the Moon (instead of Mars)?
Were the Voyager Golden Records tested for being decoded?
Sky view from Stellarium software vs. Sky view with naked eye
Is there a general term for epicycles, deferents, and eccentrics in Ptolemaic astronomy?
Lack of planets in the Oort Cloud
Gravitational waves detector arm length and GW wavelength
.2015: When last did both New/Full moon in a fort-night cause an Eclipse?
Why solar eclipse paths are symmetrical?
How rare are earth-like solar eclipses?
Mars night sky - stars visible
What is a possible software for simulating binary star systems?
Method to determine the amount of reflected starlight necessary for an exoplanet to be visible from a given distance/angle?
What kind of telescope do I need to see most of the Jupiter&#39;s moons?
How to learn data analysis for radio telescope?
In theory, is there anywhere in the universe where velocity=0?
How to find RA 0
Is starquake unique to neutron star?
What triggers solar flares?
Mass resolution
Does our sun/solar system orbit around any other celestial objects?
Why did Venus not lose its atmosphere without magnetic field?
Precessing of the Earth
Shadows of Light = Space or Dark Matter?
How long until we cannot see any stars from other galaxies?
Was the cosmic microwave background (CMB) radiation originally gamma rays?
Where does energy at the beginning of a star&#39;s lifecycle (before any nuclear reactions) come from?
Will the Universe end by time stopping?
How do I get from Star Atlas to real life?
Why are galaxies disk shaped?
How do astronomer measures the size of any celestial objects?
How does one measure velocities of far-off, bright objects
Do astronomers and astrophysicists more often use diameters or radii when discussing about planets, dwarf planets, exoplanets and stars?
What came first: the Sun shining or the existence of helium?
What kinds of technologies are required to directly image exoplanets
How many arms does the Milky Way galaxy have?
Simulation packages or theory to work with gravitational collapse of massive molecular clouds?
What type of star does theory predict should be the most massive?
Why do dark objects look white from a distance? (Moon, Ceres, but not Earth!)
axial tilt of uranus
What do cosmologists mean when they talk about &quot;the running of the spectral index&quot;?
What is the bluest narrow band filter mounted on ground based telescopes?
Is there a connection between black holes and dark matter/energy?
Is dark energy evenly spaced throughout Universe?
What&#39;s the cheapest research-level telescope?
LIGO and Fabry–P&#233;rot interferometer
What will the mass of the new galaxy be?
Affordable night sky photography
Is it possible that the Sun has a binary partner (the Nemesis Theory) that has eluded detection?
Could we detect an earth-like planet around another star?
Why do astronomers use supernova to measure distance in space?
Why are the high density regions in outer space black holes?
North Pole Right Ascension/Declination to axial tilt conversion
What mechanism could have formed the Moon&#39;s Oceanus Procellarum rift-like gravity anomalies?
Are galaxies moving away from us faster than before?
How many sun-like stars are there in the universe?
Expansion of Space
Does &quot;Dark Matter&quot; really exist?
How to calculate the expected surface temperature of a planet
What&#39;s the mass of the interstellar neighborhood of the Sun?
Is there any way a planet could form independent of a star?
Orbital resonances and position of planets
visualisation of the universe&#39;s expansion
Is it likely OMG particle (and those like it) originate from alien spacecraft propulsion systems?
How do the orbits of Nu Scorpii and AR Cassiopeiae work?
Is there Dark Matter inside the Earth?
Why does Mars&#39; experience an &#39;ice age&#39; at high axis obliquity, when Earth experiences an ice age at low axis obliquity
what is the current explanation for the formation of cosmic voids?
What happens to the Gas Pressure when working out the Eddington Luminosity?
Is the universe like the earth?
Time according to the gravity of Sagittarius A?
Is Earth&#39;s 1g solid surface gravity unusually high for exoplanets?
Can stars be observed from space by x-rays, near infrared and radio wavelengths?
In a spectrograph, photons follow the path: Screwdriver&gt; Camera&gt; Network / prism&gt; detector?
Why does Earth have more gravitational force than the moon if I stand on it?
How Does Black Hole Evaporation Look From the Inside?
is there any theory or observational evidence that our universe is electrically neutral or not?
Abundances of chemical determinations can be made from these observations cited bellow?
The tidal locking problem concerning Earth sized planets in habital zone around Red Dwarfs
why does venus flick?
When is Gamma Draconis closest to the zenith in London on April 4th
Open problems in astronomy that an amateur (with a PhD in some other field) would have a chance of solving?
Spectral analysis of AGN (velocity dispersion of galaxy absorption, doppler shifts)
What is the distance between 2 cities?
Is it possible to move a planet out of its orbit? At least a lighter planet?
Can we know the orbital planes of extraterrestrial planetary bodies?
How was all the matter curled up inside a singularity during big bang ?
How long until the stars are no longer visible by the human eye due to light pollution?
Planets orbiting Alpha Centauri
How often are new astronomical objects (variable stars, supernovae, comets, etc) discovered by amateurs?
Stars in star clusters in SMC and LMC
What will happen to life on Earth when the Andromeda and Milky Way galaxies collide?
How many stars and galaxies can be seen by the naked eye?
Where to obtain Tycho Brahe&#39;s data?
Weight of a celestial body
What would we find if we could travel 786 trillion light years in any direction
Is the sun too small to self-ignite?
Can the Universe be spatially closed and expand forever?
How should one rationally deal with the issue of space travelling alien civilizations?
Equations for coordinates of solar system objects
Can you assume atmosphere height for the purpose of surface pressure calculation?
Are there any works discussing planetary bodies being forms of life?
How much do the mascons on the moon affect surface gravity?
Will it be possible to just look out a window on a spacecraft?
Source of high energy cosmic particles
Statistics of elements abundance in exoplanets
Why is the Boomerang Nebula colder than the CMB?
If the 24 microarcsec parallax precision of the Gaia spacecraft is a 1-sigma value, what is the smallest parallax...?
How far apart is the dust in the Sombrero Galaxy&#39;s dust lane?
Number of stars or targets
Is there any practical use for astronomy?
Is it certain that dark matter consists of particles? (And not just curved space)
Orbital Elements Mars near June 2014
Is there any astronomical phenomena that could emit strong radio waves with multiples of a discrete frequency?
Why do objects burn when they enter earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Is it true that chaotic inflation is the most popular inflationary model nowadays?
What would happen if a body were to fall into a neutron star?
Collision of asteroid and gaseous planet - what would happen
Why is MRI important in disc formation?
SDSS: Inclination of a Field?
How do we find the exact temperature of a star?
Why aren&#39;t brown dwarfs the dark matter?
Is there a publicly available Gliese Star List
Calculate Distance To Stars
How much mass does an object in space need to keep a human on its surface?
How do we know the universe&#39;s expansion is speeding up?
What uncertainty does an error bar signify in astronomy?
What happens when star spins too fast?
Life planets orbiting black-holes. Can/Do they really exist?
Does the mass of the universe ever change?
what is a Friedmann model?
What could be the utmost lowest temperature in the universe/multiverse?
How can I calculate how the debris of an object ripped apart at the Roche limit will spread out?
Can we observe what objects exist at the L3 positiion of planets of our solar system?
Total solar eclipse, supermoon, and spring equinox all happening at the same time: anything special about this?
Binary stars system ultimate fate
Naming of the planets of the solar system
death of a red dwarf star / minimum mass needed for a white dwarf?
Can ground based telescopes use a starshade in space?
Why doesn&#39;t Earth&#39;s axis change during the year?
infrared telescopes, magnitude and observations
how to tell an optical spectrum is featureless or just with a low S/N?
Is it possible to use the stars to determine the passage of time?
Is the Oort Cloud actually opaque, or is the &quot;cloud&quot; used euphemistically because minor planets inside of it are too dim to be seen?
Why can&#39;t we observe the Oort cloud with a telescope?
Is it possible that some stars are already black holes yet we see light emitted from before becoming a black hole?
Galactic extinction as a function of distance
Leaving the Milky Way
Free source of printable star charts in the format of the Millennium Star Atlas?
What is the minimum size of a ball of gas to become a star?
Why are distant objects observed in the near infrared?
Nebula and galaxies using 70mm scope
The Existence of Natural Satellites in Geostationary Orbits
Can our Sun become a black hole
Around what apparent magnitude can the naked eye observe an object during full moon
What is the largest object on which the Yarkovsky effect has been observed?
Do astronomers, in principle, have more information about older phenomena than younger?
BIG CRUNCH Theory
Why did Earth need material from comets to assemble the raw materials for life?
Likelihood of a stable system with a dwarf planet&#39;s orbit inside that of a gas giant
are all the planet in the same plane?
Where is Mars in the night sky
Is a star powered by fission possible?
Is there a threshold on distance/size for a tidal locking?
Proof that Parallel Universes exist
Variables in the Instability Strip
How do you calculate the lookback time distance to a given galaxy?
Retrograde motion and Kuiper Belt Objects
How to read 5 degree data of green line intensity
Could someone see anything while being inside black hole?
Does the sun have a feature like the red spot on Jupiter?
Recombination question and arrow of time
Help identifiying a Diagram
How to convert horizontal coordinates using NOVAS?
Find constellation over Earth coordinates on a specific date-time
damage from an Asteroid
How did water get on Earth
How can you determine the initial volume of a planet&#39;s atmosphere?
What is the direction of the movement of the solar system in relation to the galaxy&#39;s plane
Do we still use the term &quot;astronomical unit&quot; nowadays?
Enhanced Star-Gazing with Special Glasses
Can an asteroid have a molten core?
Aren&#39;t there more naked-eye-visible stars in the Milky Way plane?
What are the azimuths of the planets&#39; orbits?
Given a date obtain latitude and longitude where is the sun zenith
How does radio bandwidth restrict the choice and use of science payload on interplanetary probes?
average number of exoplanets in a system
Gravitational pull needed to keep a gas in atmosphere
How much of the Milky Way is visible to the naked eye from earth?
PowerSeeker 114Q
Why there is no smoke around the Sun?
Dynamic Method-Please explain
Is there a simple, analytical formula for the lunar phase brightness curve?
Is there any planet/star bigger than VY Canis Majoris?
What is the typical resolving power of the largest optical telescopes?
A good book about the moon
When we see the Sun, do we actually see its past?
Is stacking welder&#39;s glasses a safe way to watch at the eclipse?
What is the Northernmost Latitude of Saturn?
SN1604, Former and Current Name of the Constellation Serphens
BIG Problem with the Planet definition
What were the challenges for the ancients to observe the orbit of the Moon (instead of Mars)?
Were the Voyager Golden Records tested for being decoded?
Sky view from Stellarium software vs. Sky view with naked eye
Is there a general term for epicycles, deferents, and eccentrics in Ptolemaic astronomy?
Lack of planets in the Oort Cloud
Gravitational waves detector arm length and GW wavelength
.2015: When last did both New/Full moon in a fort-night cause an Eclipse?
Why solar eclipse paths are symmetrical?
How rare are earth-like solar eclipses?
Mars night sky - stars visible
What is a possible software for simulating binary star systems?
Method to determine the amount of reflected starlight necessary for an exoplanet to be visible from a given distance/angle?
What kind of telescope do I need to see most of the Jupiter&#39;s moons?
How to learn data analysis for radio telescope?
In theory, is there anywhere in the universe where velocity=0?
How to find RA 0
Is starquake unique to neutron star?
What triggers solar flares?
Mass resolution
Does our sun/solar system orbit around any other celestial objects?
Why did Venus not lose its atmosphere without magnetic field?
Precessing of the Earth
Shadows of Light = Space or Dark Matter?
How long until we cannot see any stars from other galaxies?
Was the cosmic microwave background (CMB) radiation originally gamma rays?
Where does energy at the beginning of a star&#39;s lifecycle (before any nuclear reactions) come from?
Will the Universe end by time stopping?
How do I get from Star Atlas to real life?
Why are galaxies disk shaped?
How do astronomer measures the size of any celestial objects?
How does one measure velocities of far-off, bright objects
Do astronomers and astrophysicists more often use diameters or radii when discussing about planets, dwarf planets, exoplanets and stars?
What came first: the Sun shining or the existence of helium?
What kinds of technologies are required to directly image exoplanets
How many arms does the Milky Way galaxy have?
Simulation packages or theory to work with gravitational collapse of massive molecular clouds?
What type of star does theory predict should be the most massive?
Why do dark objects look white from a distance? (Moon, Ceres, but not Earth!)
axial tilt of uranus
What do cosmologists mean when they talk about &quot;the running of the spectral index&quot;?
What is the bluest narrow band filter mounted on ground based telescopes?
Is there a connection between black holes and dark matter/energy?
Is dark energy evenly spaced throughout Universe?
What&#39;s the cheapest research-level telescope?
LIGO and Fabry–P&#233;rot interferometer
What will the mass of the new galaxy be?
Affordable night sky photography
Is it possible that the Sun has a binary partner (the Nemesis Theory) that has eluded detection?
Could we detect an earth-like planet around another star?
Why do astronomers use supernova to measure distance in space?
Why are the high density regions in outer space black holes?
North Pole Right Ascension/Declination to axial tilt conversion
What mechanism could have formed the Moon&#39;s Oceanus Procellarum rift-like gravity anomalies?
Are galaxies moving away from us faster than before?
How many sun-like stars are there in the universe?
Expansion of Space
Does &quot;Dark Matter&quot; really exist?
How to calculate the expected surface temperature of a planet
What&#39;s the mass of the interstellar neighborhood of the Sun?
Is there any way a planet could form independent of a star?
Orbital resonances and position of planets
visualisation of the universe&#39;s expansion
Is it likely OMG particle (and those like it) originate from alien spacecraft propulsion systems?
How do the orbits of Nu Scorpii and AR Cassiopeiae work?
brown dwarfs and planets
app to locate star by coordinates
Who discovered what set of factors is responsible for visibility of celestial bodies on Earth&#39;s daytime sky?
How to calculate the new orbit after a instantaneous change in a well defined initial one?
Does rotation affect gravitational lines of force
Why is there so much methane in space?
Looking for help in understanding how black holes can move
Why are Hubble images &quot;Cut&quot;
How long does it take Dawn to orbit Ceres?
What is the term for astronomical objects outside the solar system that are smaller than dwarf planets?
How are the photos of the Milky Way taken?
How can we see the Milky Way Galaxy when we are already in it?
Supernova explosion nearby
Angular momentum in planetary disk formation
Solar System formation, considering its and universe&#39;s age
Calculating Postition of ISS / Hubble in space
Age of the universe and time dilation
Why can&#39;t we see distant galaxies with the naked eye?
Do the planets, asteroid belt, kuiper belt, and scattered disc lie on the same plane?
What&#39;s this red stuff in some astronomical photos, e.g. Centaurus A?
Detecting motion
Assumptions necessary for the strong form of Olber&#39;s Paradox
Very bright star in the east at northern hemisphere. What is it?
Better than Earth habitability
How was Henrietta Leavitt&#39;s discovery important for star measurement?
How do astronomers estimate the total mass of dust in clouds and galaxies?
Is the conversion from proto-star to main sequence an event or a process?
How much light does Jupiter project onto the surface of Ganymede?
Do all stars have the potential to have life supporting planets?
Help w/ Hubble&#39;s Law + Doppler Effect.
How can a galaxy in-between our view and the galaxy behind it have a &#39;lensing effect&#39;?
Does the orbital variation in planetary gravity affect the Sun&#39;s corona
Mass distribution in the early universe
Why are stars so far apart?
What are the cloud-like blobs in the Martian southern hemisphere?
What are the arguments against the Feng and Gallo thin disk explanation of galactic rotation curves?
Internal heat and differentiation
How can we tell that a short-period binary is tidally locked?
Does the Sun turn around a big star?
Exoplanet Temperature Calculations
How do I soundproof a Meade ETX-90 telescope?
Is gravitational energy released when a body contracts?
What are the positions of the Earth, Moon, and Sun at a time when there is the least difference between high and low tides?
When will a day on Earth &amp; Mars be the same length?
Temperature of the Sun&#39;s rays
Is there any man-made satellite orbiting our moon?
Orbiting supermassive black hole or galactic center of mass?
What&#39;s the relationship between Moon phase and the Milky Way visibility?
Why would a star’s position in the sky change relative to another star right next to it?
Is the SOI a spherical region or a oblate-spheroid-shaped region?
Are there more stars than all the words ever spoken by humans?
Is Blue Shift just as provable as Red Shift?
How many galaxies are there in the Hercules–Corona Borealis Great Wall?
Why are explosions always used to represent the Big Bang?
How do moons get captured?
Fourier Transform of Galaxy Images
How bright was Scholz when is passed near the Sun 70,000 years ago?
Would a killer asteroid shattered into thousands of pieces produce the same devastation?
Relationship between temperature of nebula and size of star
How dense would planet earth have to be to have the same gravity as Jupiter?
Do planets repel?
How to view Jupiter with 4.5&quot; Newtonian Reflector
Could a magnetars magnetic field have saved Mars atmosphere?
Why are a few things in our universe named after chocolate?
Can Magnetars destroy planets?
Declination and Ascension - the Sun and Andromeda
What happens to a white dwarf past the Chandrasekhar limit?
Telescope size to detect Ceres (Newtonian)
Shouldn&#39;t all moon orbits be inherently unstable?
Could a close passing star be captured by the Sun&#39;s gravity?
What is our universe expanding into?
Can planets inside the Earth&#39;s orbit around the Sun appear to undergo retrograde motion?
Why did the big bang not just produce a big black hole?
Is a black hole a 5 dimensional vortex?
Radio Astronomy and Imaging
What significance does coincidence or luck have in astronomy?
Where does the Milky Way end?
Why are all quasars so far away?
Why does radio astronomy offer higher resolution images than optical?
Did we ever actually see the earth revolving around the sun? Is the geocentric model completely disproved?
Which eyepieces I can use it for best viewing experience using my exisiting telescope?
How long does it typically take to make a telescope yourself for the first time?
Hubble HST scheduling algorithm
What is the acceleration of the stars&#39; speed in the Universe? Positive or negative?
Is there a flaw with the newer purposes and correlations attributed to the HR diagram? (And would a third axis of mass correct the enclosed flaw?)
Where do the heavier elements come from?
Estimating the angle covered by the star trails and deducing how long the exposure lasted
Did I see a meteor or a re-entry?
Is Sun a part of a binary system?
If Jupiter is a gas-giant then why don&#39;t its features change?
What are the up- and downsides of spherical and parabolic mirrors in telescopes?
How much magnification is needed to see planets of solar system?
If Venus and Mars changed places, would we then have 3 habitable planets?
Difficulties in finding Jupiter
What would the night sky look like if Earth orbited an intergalactic star?
Find distance from star to star?
How are molecules detected in space?
Is there a ceiling for stable L4 or L5 masses?
How would Jupiter&#39;s brightness relative to our sun seem to a remote observer (observing from a remote star)
Solar Eclipses for dummies: Step 1 - moon equatorial orbit around a planet without axial tilt
Can the supernova remnant SN 1572 be observed by amateur astronomers?
Relocation to Mars
Heat from other Stars
How long was the hyper inflation phase?
What astronomical observations would give conclusive proof of alien life?
How did Kepler &quot;guess&quot; his third law from data?
L4&amp;L5 positions?
What are the Gamma rays and Cosmic rays effects on humans and equipments?
Circular orbits
Why there are other planets in our solar system?
Is it proper to refer to objects beyond Neptune as &quot;Kuiper Belt Objects?&quot;
Determination of orbital elements for Trans-Neptunian Objects, how?
How are parachutes usable in other places than Earth?
Estimates for how many Trans-Neptunian Objects there are
How far away is the light that would reveal the Big Bang?
Can an astronaut ever reach a Black Hole theoretically?
If Kepler-444 planets existed for 11.2 billion years, why fear for life on Earth after six billion years?
How precisely is planetary tilt defined (the tilt direction, not just the angle)?
Binocular with features like gleam night sight advantage?
Why would all places appear to be at the center of the universe&#39;s expansion?
Calculate the time when Arcturus passed through the meridian
Burning Out Stars
Does one need to take into account finite gravity speed in N-body simulations?
Why are gas giants colored the way they are?
Are a black hole&#39;s jets caused by the black hole&#39;s magnetic field?
Cancelling out earth rotation speed, Altazimuth mount
Galaxy rotation curve and dark matter
What will happen when landing on Jupiter?
Does the cosmic microwave background change over time?
Does a black hole become a normal star again?
Entropy of black hole
Does the cosmic microwave background recede at the speed of light?
Find the height of the shooting star from the Earth&#39;s ground
Is C/2012 S1 (aka ISON) the fastest comet on record to-date?
What are the exact physical parameters used to calculate Mercury precession with Einstein theory?
Telescope buying guide for a beginner in India
When we see half moon, why is it always the lower half?
Is it possible to disprove geocentrism without telescopes?
Light Cone Explanation
Mass, Radius, Colour, Size, Type of a Star from the Hipparcos Catalog
Could there be another planet between Mercury and the Sun?
What qualifies as a local star?
In geocentric models, did the earth rotate?
How gently could a comet/asteroid/meteorite &quot;hit&quot; Earth?
Gallery of &#39;actual images&#39; from space?
How are black holes found?
Can we conclude with reasonable certainty that there is/are no Type 3 Civilizations in our galaxy?
By putting a mirror in space, would we be able to see into the past?
Why do not we use optical telescopes to study cosmic rays directly?
earth is spherical , does it mean the ground on earth is like a ball?
Why do we have so few neutrinos to study?
What proportion of planetary systems have been found with &#39;Hot Jupiters&#39;
How to complete the Hipparcos Catalog?
How Are Radioactive Decay Rates Influenced by Neutrinos - On Earth and Other Dense Planets
Do objects look larger the further away they are, beyond z=1?
What does it mean to say &#39;space exists?&#39;
Theoretical limits for natural satellites having natural satellites
What &quot;revolutionary&quot; discoveries were made by Hubble Telescope
Layout of the universe
Calculating 2004 BL86 position using software
Is it difficult to see DSO in your eyepiece?
the initial astrometry calibration for a telescope
How do stars or galaxies get their spin?
How do scientists determine the age of stars?
What is frequency range?
how far away could we detect that earth has life?
Is there a cosmic, rather than technological, upper limit to what a telescope can resolve?
The destruction of the Universe by a bubble
Can there be a 2nd possibility deduced from the fact that galaxies are moving away from us?
Instrumental magnitude to &quot;real&quot; magnitude - Photometry with not enough data?
What is the explanation for rapid inflation just after the big bang?
Alt-Az or Polar?
How many observations does it take to determine the orbit of a TNO
Leonid meteor showers and the Tempel-Tuttle comet
Do we know the exact spot where big bang took place?
Why don&#39;t we orbit the center of our galaxy?
What will New Horizons be able to say about a magnetic field at Pluto?
Tide on the Moon
How do we know an event is a gamma-ray burst?
Why can&#39;t I see Mars clearly?
What&#39;s special about Saturn that it has distinctive rings?
Why do we need to add a second to 30 June and risk upsetting Internet?
Is there a star simulation software that can handle mass ejections and supernovae?
Why is iron responsible for causing a supernova?
Why does the sun rise north of east between the vernal and autumnal equinox?
What are the units of distance in this subtended angle calculation?
How often does the supermassive black hole in the Milky Way become a quasar?
If Alpha Centauri A&#39;s solar system exactly mirrored our own, what would we be able to detect?
How are the speed, distance and time of India&#39;s MOM and USA&#39;s Maven Mars missions calculated?
Why is the Moon receding from the Earth due to tides? Is this typical for other moons?
What range of exit pupils work for observing the full moon?
Recent origin of Saturn&#39;s rings
Why didn&#39;t Johannes Kepler use data about more planets?
Finding the temperature of Earth from temperature of Mars and its distance from Sun
How likely is it that the Sun will destroy our electric society?
Where does the dust on 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko come from?
Is a wavy path possible for a shooting star?
How would the pocket cellular clock work?
Does the Sun belong to a constellation?
Do we have knowledge of the geology of the moon?
What is supposedly in the center of the Milky Way?
