Can we knock out Cas-9 *and* avoid breast cancer phenotype in our mouse model?
Could an action potential produce few or more neurotransmitters based on the stimulus received?
What is this mushroom?
Why asexual reproduction?
How many traits can a multivariate breeders equation handle?
How can (or did) Deinococcus radiodurans continue to evolve after developing resistance to mutation?
Homology ratio comparison between different species
Do blood glucose &quot;spikes&quot; contribute to insulin resistance, or is prolonged elevation required?
Term for a leaf in a family tree
The selective pressure of contraceptives
Heterocyst function in cyanobacteria and its localization
What are phenetic analyses used for?
Books for biology,popular but rigorous?
What does it mean for a hormone to be &quot;active&quot;
Length of sleep time
How do we use ornithology to aid the survival of birds?
High quality biology book?
Acute lymphoblastic leukaemia- treatment
What is the difference between &quot;physical interaction&quot; and &quot;genetic interaction&quot;?
Supercomputer Vs Human Brain
Acetabulum in liver fluke
Disease caused by liver fluke
Cardiology: What are the cause and effects of sympathetic stimulation to the heart
Does hypothalamus regulate posterior pituitary gland?
Closing a Plasmid by Ligation
How predictably will RNA polymerase not transcribe repetitive sequences?
from an ageing reproductive stem cell&#39;s DNA to baby&#39;s &quot;brand new&quot; somatic cells&#39; DNA
What is the insight of Frank Starling law of the heart?
Microalgae without cell walls?
Why do men have a higher hematocrit (red blood cell count) than women?
What&#39;s the proton concentration around a DNA helix?
How is ATP involved in muscle contraction?
Why are people unable to develop lasting immunity against Norovirus?
Can a person&#39;s body produce enough electricity to break a wristwatch?
What is a complex?
How to isolate host cell RNA (tRNA,mRNA,rRNA) from viral RNA?
Retrovirus Production
Protein purification needed but low amounts being produced
What makes a good phylogenetic tree?
Why is there smooth muscle in our bronchioles?
Genotype to phenotype map and the G-matrix
What governs the distribution of blood vessels?
How can the phenotypic effects of a tumor suppressor mutation be silenced?
Can yeast in a primary fermentation of wine be used as a source of yeast for new fermentation?
Modularity of transcription factors
How to tell if a given gene is a tumor suppressor or oncogene?
Before Evolution was proposed by Charles Darwin, what were the leading secular theories to explain how life developed?
Definitions of robustness and canalization
Why should or shouldn&#39;t we allow the human body to take its natural course?
Best software for protein in electric field modeling?
Do muscles still hold glycogen reserves if there is no carbohydrate input
why are there no trees in Texas?
Why do mushrooms grow in rings (sometimes called &quot;Fairy Rings&quot;)?
Involuntary twitches and apnoea during early phases of sleep
B-cell and T-cell activation by parasites
What causes a small bump in the arterial pressure plot?
Mosquito physics
Why do body parts sometimes get a itching and tingling feeling when falling asleep?
Brain Damage from Injury?
Regarding cryonics, why can&#39;t you freeze a living body and then thaw it later, fully functional?
What does saying a phylogenetic tree is &#39;well resolved&#39; mean?
About post translational modifications
Survival with only water but no food
Can leukopenia in a person with an otherwise normal immune system lead to non-infectious diseases in the long-term?
Question about epinephrine
Are there good reference on applied control theory on the modeling biological or physiological processes?
Why do people feel pleasure when using roller coasters / centrifuges?
Is it true that oral sex exists in non-human animals?
Is there a cellular mechanism that detects Ribosomal damage?
What is &#39;refractile&#39; cell morphology?
Cellular Immunity Response
How does a cell create/gain its initial ribosomes for protein synthesis?
When glucose production is low, the brain turns into keto acid as an energy source, how does this work?
What is this arachnid?
Regulation of V. cholerae virulence factors
When do kinetochores attach?
Online resources for entomology?
Why do people in the scientific community use words such as renal, hepatic, cardiac instead of kidney, liver and heart?
What is the difference between specific and nonspecific stress response?
Can you feel cortisol release?
Workspace preparation and cleanup for DNA work
Why is 5S-rRNA is different from other rRNAs in place of transcription and usage of RNA polymerase?
DIY storing family DNAs&#39; samples for future uses (eg medical)
What is the so called &quot;hepatic glucose production&quot;
Common Metrics of Assessing DNA Sequence Quality
Why didn&#39;t a concept like &quot;pointers&quot; in Computer Science evolve in the genome?
Given an EC50 value, how do I reproduce the sigmoidal curve from which this was calculated?
Is it possible to insert DNA without cutting the recognition site with CRISPR/Cas9?
which microscope and approach best for bacterial, fungal, yeast, mold research
DNA content doubling in interphase
Why is there only adrenoreceptors and no active adrenergic innervation in bronchus and uterus?
Swapping genes?
Where to find gene manipulation video (or photos)
Replacing all eumelanin with phenomelanin, effects?
Phylogenetic method to detect shift in mean of continuous variable
Transformation efficiency
Which of the cell types commonly found in mammals has the greatest number of mitochondria?
Liver - Regeneration in Cirrhosis
Wavelength(s) of color, if ALL the melanin in a person&#39;s hair was pheomelanin
Is there any genome data-set which has related epigenetic data-sets?
Can we knock out Cas-9 *and* avoid breast cancer phenotype in our mouse model?
Could an action potential produce few or more neurotransmitters based on the stimulus received?
What is this mushroom?
Why asexual reproduction?
How many traits can a multivariate breeders equation handle?
How can (or did) Deinococcus radiodurans continue to evolve after developing resistance to mutation?
Homology ratio comparison between different species
Do blood glucose &quot;spikes&quot; contribute to insulin resistance, or is prolonged elevation required?
Term for a leaf in a family tree
The selective pressure of contraceptives
Heterocyst function in cyanobacteria and its localization
What are phenetic analyses used for?
Books for biology,popular but rigorous?
What does it mean for a hormone to be &quot;active&quot;
Length of sleep time
How do we use ornithology to aid the survival of birds?
High quality biology book?
Acute lymphoblastic leukaemia- treatment
What is the difference between &quot;physical interaction&quot; and &quot;genetic interaction&quot;?
Supercomputer Vs Human Brain
Acetabulum in liver fluke
Disease caused by liver fluke
Cardiology: What are the cause and effects of sympathetic stimulation to the heart
Does hypothalamus regulate posterior pituitary gland?
Closing a Plasmid by Ligation
How predictably will RNA polymerase not transcribe repetitive sequences?
from an ageing reproductive stem cell&#39;s DNA to baby&#39;s &quot;brand new&quot; somatic cells&#39; DNA
What is the insight of Frank Starling law of the heart?
Microalgae without cell walls?
Why do men have a higher hematocrit (red blood cell count) than women?
What&#39;s the proton concentration around a DNA helix?
How is ATP involved in muscle contraction?
Why are people unable to develop lasting immunity against Norovirus?
Can a person&#39;s body produce enough electricity to break a wristwatch?
What is a complex?
How to isolate host cell RNA (tRNA,mRNA,rRNA) from viral RNA?
Retrovirus Production
Protein purification needed but low amounts being produced
What makes a good phylogenetic tree?
Why is there smooth muscle in our bronchioles?
Genotype to phenotype map and the G-matrix
What governs the distribution of blood vessels?
How can the phenotypic effects of a tumor suppressor mutation be silenced?
Can yeast in a primary fermentation of wine be used as a source of yeast for new fermentation?
Modularity of transcription factors
How to tell if a given gene is a tumor suppressor or oncogene?
Before Evolution was proposed by Charles Darwin, what were the leading secular theories to explain how life developed?
Definitions of robustness and canalization
Why should or shouldn&#39;t we allow the human body to take its natural course?
Best software for protein in electric field modeling?
Do muscles still hold glycogen reserves if there is no carbohydrate input
why are there no trees in Texas?
Why do mushrooms grow in rings (sometimes called &quot;Fairy Rings&quot;)?
Involuntary twitches and apnoea during early phases of sleep
B-cell and T-cell activation by parasites
What causes a small bump in the arterial pressure plot?
Mosquito physics
Why do body parts sometimes get a itching and tingling feeling when falling asleep?
Brain Damage from Injury?
Regarding cryonics, why can&#39;t you freeze a living body and then thaw it later, fully functional?
What does saying a phylogenetic tree is &#39;well resolved&#39; mean?
About post translational modifications
Survival with only water but no food
Can leukopenia in a person with an otherwise normal immune system lead to non-infectious diseases in the long-term?
Question about epinephrine
Are there good reference on applied control theory on the modeling biological or physiological processes?
Why do people feel pleasure when using roller coasters / centrifuges?
Is it true that oral sex exists in non-human animals?
Is there a cellular mechanism that detects Ribosomal damage?
What is &#39;refractile&#39; cell morphology?
Cellular Immunity Response
How does a cell create/gain its initial ribosomes for protein synthesis?
When glucose production is low, the brain turns into keto acid as an energy source, how does this work?
What is this arachnid?
Regulation of V. cholerae virulence factors
When do kinetochores attach?
Online resources for entomology?
Why do people in the scientific community use words such as renal, hepatic, cardiac instead of kidney, liver and heart?
What is the difference between specific and nonspecific stress response?
Can you feel cortisol release?
Workspace preparation and cleanup for DNA work
Why is 5S-rRNA is different from other rRNAs in place of transcription and usage of RNA polymerase?
DIY storing family DNAs&#39; samples for future uses (eg medical)
What is the so called &quot;hepatic glucose production&quot;
Common Metrics of Assessing DNA Sequence Quality
Why didn&#39;t a concept like &quot;pointers&quot; in Computer Science evolve in the genome?
Given an EC50 value, how do I reproduce the sigmoidal curve from which this was calculated?
Is it possible to insert DNA without cutting the recognition site with CRISPR/Cas9?
which microscope and approach best for bacterial, fungal, yeast, mold research
DNA content doubling in interphase
Why is there only adrenoreceptors and no active adrenergic innervation in bronchus and uterus?
Swapping genes?
Where to find gene manipulation video (or photos)
Replacing all eumelanin with phenomelanin, effects?
Phylogenetic method to detect shift in mean of continuous variable
Transformation efficiency
Which of the cell types commonly found in mammals has the greatest number of mitochondria?
Liver - Regeneration in Cirrhosis
Wavelength(s) of color, if ALL the melanin in a person&#39;s hair was pheomelanin
Is there any genome data-set which has related epigenetic data-sets?
How does an embryo know where to grow limbs etc
Do humans sneeze or cough in their sleep?
How can human infants express chymosin with only a pseudogene at their disposal?
Case Study and speculations of Edward Mordake
ratio between heat transfer coefficient and thermal conductivity
What conditions should I use for Gel Red staining?
Why differentiated cells can&#39;t &quot;undifferentiate&quot; (under normal conditions)?
Blood as newtonian flow and Poiseuille law
How can I create Over Expression of protein plasmid
How to define drug-resistant or -sensitive cell line when knowing the IC50 values?
How do genetic chimeras with different blood types not die?
What is the minimum air pressure the human body can tolerate if oxygen supply is not an issue?
Which is the guideline to choose a molecular target to identify vertebrate hosts from arthropod bloodmeals?
Are genotypes with the same two alleles equivalent even if the alleles come from different parents?
Identifying an insect looking like a crumle
Is the motor cortex identical to the sensorimotor cortex?
Do The Traces Genetic Diseases Remain in families?
Genetic Imprinting and Cell differentiaion
What Goes on in Photosystems at the Molecular/Atomic Level?
Why do we urinate more when we are nervous?
What happens if an IV drip with a saline solution slips out of the vein, but keeps dripping into the body?
How to set threshold in ImageJ for quantifying relative fluorescence?
What produces the strong odor of decaying dead animals?
Beta oxidation of saturated fats
What&#39;s the frequency resolution of the human ear?
What&#39;s the name of this bird?
What&#39;s the difference between male and female?
Why do four spermatids have different genomes?
What pattern can be learned from the data of RNA seq counts and HiC matrix?
Hardy-Weinberg Color-blind
Why does ear wax taste sour?
Secondary crust of plants pollen
Question about cytoskeleton coordination
Compare Proteins - Structural / Sequence parameters
What are comparative advantage of different NGS platforms?
Can we use the HIV antibody test to detect HIV in newborns?
Why gluconeogenesis?
Which information can be obtained from a list of gene names?
Why reference genome is a reference?
What types of antigens can be used to make antibodies?
What is an HIV antibody test?
Why is Pilobolus phototropic?
HIV Rapid Tests
How are ketone bodies used?
How is circadian rhythm of gastric acid secretion regulated?
How does a change in the potential across a neuron&#39;s membrane get turned into a signal that is sent down the axon?
Reasons for the HIV-1 epidemic
Why use creatine phosphate?
Time required for RNA precipitation in ethanol
How does the placement of it&#39;s motor domain affect the directionality of a motor protein?
Why do apples taste sweeter at the bottom?
Why doesn&#39;t the body optimize how many fatty acids it burns?
Do you know of ways that help a plant to produce more flowers?
What is the difference between sinew and tendon?
NADH shuttles - Why cytosol?
Non-harmful bacterial invasion of cells
Does a neuron ever generate an action potential without stimuli?
How does a microelectrode work?
Atelectasis due to decreased surfactant in lungs
Impact of man made laws on evolution nowadays
What is the chemical composition / empirical formula of Herpes Simplex 1?
Are all action potentials the same shape and amplitude when graphed with respect to time?
Resilience to the neurotoxins of Indian King Cobra
Horizontal Gene Transfer
Formaldehyde turns plantar region of feet red?
OCT-1 transport in Enterocytes
What percentage of cells in the human body are infected during a non-fatal viral infection?
Do nucleosomes ever completely unwrap during transcription?
What physical force attracts the anti-codon on tRNA to the codon on mRNA during translation?
Further progression with neuroscience education
Why don&#39;t half of us have situs inversus?
Why are 3 nucleotides used as codons for amino-acid mapping in DNA?
How to do Sliding 80mer Window search against a database with fasta
Richard Goldschmidt&#39;s “systemic mutations”?
Markers for human genetic mapping
Protein concentration in yeast cells
Cholesterol&#39;s role in lipid uptake
Where does the oxygen and water produced from the decomposition of hydrogen peroxide by catalase enzyme go?
What kind of experiments could you do to see which end of a microtubule is most dynamic?
Why do women live longer than men?
What kind of bird species is this?
Which one process is better for degradation of TNT,aerobic or anaerobic?
What is the maximum number of babies a human woman can have?
A question about symmetry structure
How can I use this data to make a function?
Bolyerine Snakes maxillary bone, split?
Does urine therapy really work?
What happens when someone is stung by a jellyfish?
Where do amino acids get attached to tRNA and where is it synthesized?
What is meant by nucleated in this context?
Why introduction of an extra copy of a gene related to pigmentation causes RNA interference in Petunia?
Solid mouse (C57BL/6) WT primers
What is the statistical relationship between radioactivity and mutation rate?
Myopia as a microscopic superpower?
What are the typical values of probabilities for nonspecific binding to an antibody?
Core Biological concepts explained to a Computer Scientist?
Can a brown-eyed Native American mother and a blue-eyed Caucasian father give birth to a blue-eyed baby?
Why do naked mole rats live in colonies with a queen?
Why do men have nipples?
Water soluble molecules
What is the function of dendritic cell in immunity?
What is the difference between meristem and bud?
How do the homologous chromosomes pair up and position themselves along the center of the cell?
Why does a &quot;cascade&quot; of events happen during signal transduction?
How can haired mammals synthesize vitamin D?
Why did humans evolved the scratch reflex?
Splice in with CRISPR/Cas
Circadian Clock During a Flight
Why are triacylglycerols broken down before being absorbed?
Is it possible for humans to digest and live on food that isn&#39;t based on DNA or RNA?
X Linked Hardy Weinberg Equilibrium Problem
Is it possible for a human to wake up in a wrong way?
Selection Pressure on Orca Whale Coloration
Mitotic crossover happens in G1?
Epistasis Across Chromosomes and Individuals &#39;Homozygous for Interactions&#39;
Alcohol and athletes?
SNPs in DNase hypersensitive and histone marks sites
What are evolutionary implications of contraception and reduced childhood mortality rates worldwide?
Where to find E.coli gene expression data?
What biological constraints are there on how large a spider can grow?
Can Leptospirosis be spread through human urine
Do sweat pores change diameter?
Clarification on the &quot;orientation&quot; of chromosomal rearrangements
Why can newborns swim?
Is there a fundamental reason that plants cannot fix their own nitrogen?
Difference between intervertebral and vertebral foramina
Criteria for compound action potential thresholds
Are nucleic acids found in cell membranes?
Why do mitochondria fuse together?
Membrane potential in gram negative bacteria
How does de-myelination occur in multiple sclerosis?
Why do cockroaches flip over when they die?
Is probability for double crossing over included in distance cM? [task]
Why we have just 2 teeth cycles, primary and secondary not more?
Why aren&#39;t we ambidextrous?
Does taking a shower have the same effect on muscles as warming up?
Why do I see dreams upon closing my eyes?
Difficulties understanding a pathway
What is the mechanism by which lamins regulate gene expression?
Enzyme Assay - pectinase
How precisely can we sense temperature differences?
How and where, in the human brain, are memories stored?
What is the impact of stress on the human body?
Effect of pupil responses on the electroretinogram
How does a fertilized egg form 23 pairs of chromosomes?
Why isn&#39;t a virus &quot;alive&quot;?
What is the proper format for genus and species names in latin?
What is the scientific name of this butterfly?
Differences between Gradualism and Uniformitarianism
Help with STRING database data
What is this pink-flowering plant found in Shanghai, China in March?
Why do humans stop growing?
Pasteurization and Bioavailability of Antioxidants in Beet Juice
Which sources can I use to study botany and horticulture?
Why are there no wheeled animals?
What is the relationship between radiation and evolution?
Measuring a plants electric activity any instructions where to place electrodes?
What features cause mechano sensory adaptation?
Why is PEG important for efficient yeast transformation?
Repair of cloning vector nicks digested with antarctic phosphatase and ligated with T4 enzyme
Ways to cause membrane damage to microalgae and yeast?
Do all kind of unicellular asexual reproductions let mutations happen, resulting in evolution?
How does temperature influence the rate of protein degradation?
Why proteins are not visible on my membrane after ponceau staining?
Should we induce fever to assist healing?
Is it possible that a set of functionally related proteins in a pathway fulfill different functions?
What happens in the synapse when cocaine administration occurs in the human brain
Why can all animals swim in water without learning to swim but humans cannot?
Understanding recombination scoring in family pedigrees
Cationic lipid mediated transfection optimization for 150mm dishes
MHC restricted peptide
How is excretion of metabolic wastes from a cell related to its size?
How do animals handle light refraction in different media?
Evolution theory - roses spikes - being more bulgy doesn&#39;t give you advantage
Crossing white eyed Drosophila with sepia eye
Help identifying what this is in Crayfish gills?
What exactly is neuroplasticity, and can it be demonstrated with a simple experiment?
What is a good source that will help me classify protists?
The IQ of a frog may change after it is thawed?
Naming convention of miRNAs
Are mind and body really independent when falling asleep?
Nucleosome wrapping direction
Are there any mutagens that can undo the mutations they cause?
Ethanol production by fermentation?
Location of TFBS in genome
What is most ancestral: isogamy or anisogamy?
Is there a significant difference in sedentary calorie-burn between a thinker and non-thinker?
Total number of pleura in the exoskeleton of cockroach
Possible genotypes for blood types?
Genetically improved *Leucaena leucocephala* seeds
Paired-end mapping exercise
CRISPR Knock in
Inter-codon mutations statistical analysis
Why does polyploidy give an evolutionary advantage?
RNA polymerase question
Any tool to align whole genome sequence data to another genome and give exon regions a higher mark?
Is there a formula for determining the % of ligand bound to a given receptor in a mixture with multiple ligands and receptors?
What are iPSC cells, and what are their applications?
Are there mechanisms that limit the amounts of time conjugation and F-plasmid transfer can happen? If yes, what are they?
Location of embryo development in angiosperms
Understanding conclusions that functional regions are under negative selection?
How to increase the shelf life of yogurt without refrigeration?
How do BCAA&#39;s promote faster muscle recovery?
How does the body respond to blood donation; are there any possible risks?
Why do toenails grow much slower than fingernails?
Incremental denaturation of protein mixtures
Why are killer whales found in the Gulf of Mexico smaller than ones found in the Pacific?
Why is living muscle tissue seemingly able to restore its shape under force, while dead tissue is not?
How can I see that the human hand has 27 degrees of freedom?
Expected time for a neutral allele to reach a frequency of $p_1$ when starting at frequency $p_0$
What is the effect of persistent hypothermia on cardiac performance?
Safe parameters for external nerve stimulation using electrical impulses
Can bacterial RNA be degraded at -80⁰C in a SDS solution?
What would happen if we had a device that produced oxygen inside of our lungs?
Why does allele linkage cause disproportionate phenotypic ratios?
Cysticercoids of Eucestoda
Relative microRNA comparison from from TCGA data?
Can bioluminescence be used for cancer or tumor detection?
R Tool and analysis of Gene Expression data from NCBI GEO datasets
Are there any disadvantages to HRP conjugated PRIMARY antibodies
Can I use my extech pH60 meter to measure soil pH if so how?
I included a link to the meter
How can CI repressor both activate and repress $P_{RM}$ promoter found in $\lambda$ phage?
Why don&#39;t all bacteria have F-plasmids by now?
Do animals also dream?
Structure of RAP Antibodies (Specifically RAP-5)
Simplified molecular-input line-entry system
Is greed an evolved trait?
Any good website/book to understand protein folding and enzymes?
Behavioral change in dolphins during different hemispheres activity periods?
Proving time travel
Are some facial features more important than others in human facial recognition?
Is there any use of CO₂ in human body?
Cytoplasmic determinants - protostomes and deuterostomes
Will a store bought cabbage kill my Pieris brassicaes?
Energy metabolism in Cancer cells
Why is it important to study chromatin to understand cancer?
Horns in animals and birds
How to quantify the Abundance of a particular gene in Bacteria and Archaea?
What R packages and software to use for multiple alignment and SNP calling on WGS .gb files?
Hand-eye coordination in 3D space
Change solvent of bacterial solution
Is it possible that a woman possessing 1 mutated allele show attenuated color vision deficiency?
Role of Calcium and Magnesium in capacitation/acrosome reaction
Average dimensions of the human back (anthropometry)
Sequence compression method / format
Can the absorption of vitamins be enhanced?
What physiological processes within a muscle cause the latent period in a muscle fiber?
Why do home-grown fruits tend to taste better than mass-produced consumer fruits?
Nutrition in Plants
DNA polymerase in PCR (polymerase chain reaction)
How to make &#181;g/ml concentrations of proteinase-K?
Can encoding of miRNAs in introns not cause dysregulation of gene expression?
Are free-nuclear division and endomitosis the same?
Mathematical models of lineage selection
Can other animals see black differently?
Why does yawning impair hearing?
How is menstruation not suicide in the wild?
What color was the most recent common ancestor of all swans?
Amino acid compatibility
Is it possible to accurately measure micronutrient levels with the blood volume from a Dermal / Capillary puncture?
Is this a legitimate teratoma for a human pluripotent stem cell assay?
Using an analytical balance (0.0000 precision) to measure &#181;g (micrograms)?
Steps in making mass/volume concentrations?
How pain can stimulate the vagus nerve
Why can&#39;t some organisms match miRNA perfectly to the target mRNA like in plants?
Why don&#39;t birds in flocks fly into each other?
Can silverfish climb and produce silk?
Why didn&#39;t the polar bear change its color from white to black during evolution to absorb heat?
What percentage of a cell&#39;s volume is occupied by protein?
How do birds deal with their eyes drying out at high speeds?
Can someone who cannot talk still whistle?
Is the Klein&#39;s bottle a good analogy to the relation between T-tubule and sarcolemma?
Why can good music raise goosebumps?
Primer Designing
Risk of autosomal dominant disorder
How detachment/separation works in biology?
Where does the &#39;C&#39; in exhaled CO₂ mostly come from?
Examples of Vestigial Genes
Similarity between a heart attack and a spasm
Is there a biological neuron that spikes in response to hyperpolarizing currents?
Contact Inhibition of Cell Division: Signaling Pathway
Is there any way a human could whistle and be unable to speak?
Do changes in an organism&#39;s cell modify the genetic information it uses for reproduction?
How much of the biological research can be still run without high-cost high-precision instruments?
How does an organism know when to stop growing, whether it is already on the outermost layer?
Is it known how the first viruses formed?
What is the blood ejection speed outward from human body vein?
How to get only perfect matches with blastn?
How to determine genotype?
Genes-of-interest analysis between organisms
Can dish soap really be used to kill ticks and fleas?
What is the use of eye banks, if eyeball transplants do not exist at present?
Why do we squint when tasting very sour things?
Where is the aneurysm in this picture?
Blood Type/Punnett Square
Serious question about a piece of meat
What factors, other than its homochirality, make our &quot;brand&quot; of biology unique?
Why are skin tactile receptors considered to be phasic receptors?
Why is cold water more refreshing than warm water?
Does DNA Ligase look for complementarity in sticky ends?
RNA migrating slower than DNA on Formaldehyde Gel?
Is the &quot;concept of time&quot; coded into the genome?
How to gauge the clinical significance of specific cell type presence?
Is there a genomic code for nucleosome positioning?
Medical Uses of toxic venom
Why are fruits so large compared to their seeds?
When contracting a muscle will the muscle spindle stretch or contract?
Is using Hidden Markov Models to find homologues sensible in abstract, short sequences?
What determines the size and shape of a cell?
Congenital blindness due to retinitis pigmentosa - does it exist?
Finding confidence level of miRNA disease associations
What is the difference between myopia and hyperopia?
How is color information transmitted from the eye to the brain?
What is the mechanism behind tinnitus?
Why can we use mouse-produced antibodies on mice tissues?
Are there sterilisation methods that do not denature proteins as heat does?
Can&#39;t resolve protein with native PAGE
Oligonucleotide purification with desalting
How are Stem Cells Produced for Stem Cell Based Therapies?
Nomenclature of genes and proteins
Why autosomal trisomy has more adverse effects than sex choromosome monosomy or trisomy?
Obvious phenotypic inheritance markers in humans
how to close a severed artery/vein?
Should gene therapy safety protocol include isolation?
DNA-DNA cross-linking with formaldehyde?
Grapefruits and CYP3A4
What is an apomorphy? What is a plesiomorphy? Can someone confirm these definitions?
What does these $\Delta \Delta G$ numbers signify?
Blast output - program to count the number of hits
How did birds become so intelligent?
Founders of Cnidarian colony
Does mung bean nuclease cleave a phosphate group when it&#39;s chewing off 5&#39; or 3&#39; ssDNA ends?
How can I reduce the background gradient in phase contrast microscopy?
Why can&#39;t the human eye focus blue light?
Are there any de-novo genome assembly programs for HADOOP?
Are restriction enzymes active at −20&#160;&#176;C?
Why do some vaccines last longer than others?
Can molecular genetics make a boolean variable from a continuous variable?
Local BLAST Copy Number per Hit
Are unilaterally deaf people able to determine where sound comes from?
What is a pA(2) value?
What triggers the migration of robins?
Edman method to identify peptides with Phenylisothiocyanate (PTH)
Do plant-animal cross races exist?
Why does gaining a hydrogen in biology considered reducing a molecule?
Comparing gene expression levels between control and disease at different time points
When is the second polar body extruded from the egg nucleus?
Explaining natural selection in moth
How well do we notice asynchronicity?
Are sensory receptors neurons?
How fast can a human run?
What determines the perceived pitch (frequency) of tinnitus?
Is the amount of blood that flows through every vein and artery per minute really a constant?
What will happen if a scorpion pierces itself?
Proteins folding
What are the lower and upper hearing limits of the human ear?
Why is Hydrofluoric Acid so dangerous if its a weak acid?
How animals know which is carnivorous and herbivorous?
Why did the sensitive plant (Mimosa pudica) evolve its leaf-closing mechanism?
Are Whales More Intelligent Than Humans?
Expression/Mechanism of ROR1 in healthy tissue
Can humans perceive sounds above 20 kHz?
How is Taq polymerase produced?
What are the positive effects of wrongful antibiotic use on a viral infection?
Barr body Giemsa staining
How and why did mammals go back to the oceans?
Advantage of opponent color?
What are the functions and differences between axons and dendrites?
How can I align more than 2 sequences locally?
What level of cellular radiation is harmful for humans?
How fast do cancer cells divide, compared to normal cells?
What is the explanation for the smaller number of tRNA than codons?
What allows Valonia ventricosa cells to get so big?
Stretching and compressing bones
Why are butterflies drinking blood?
Are both (partial) copies of DNA transcribed in S and G2 phases of cell cycle?
Can reptiles digest grains?
Yeast absorption of different spectra of light
Mechanism by which $lacI^{d}$ is a dominant mutation, impairing the function of normal copies of the Lac Repressor
Is the relationship between terrestrial plants and mychorhizae facultative or obligate?
C. elegans are either male or hermaphrodites, but why aren&#39;t there any females?
Can anti-aging cream work?
What are genome wide functional linkages?
Immediate Early Genes during sleep
What sample sizes are ideal for carrying out Bayesian Skyline Plots?
Why, specifically, does each generation, on average, improve upon the design of the species rather than degrade it?
Do transcription factors bind to both strands of DNA?
Is there a database of known riboswitches?
Do butterflies see behind?
Can someone link me to resources on the efficiency of sticky end ligation?
How does a sperm cell die?
Proteins in Milk, Oat , Eggs and Soy
Book recommendation on population/evolutionary genetics?
Is hands-only CPR as effective as traditional CPR?
By what mechanism does Risperidone swell breast tissue?
Why does a human&#39;s field of view narrow when moving faster?
Reconstruction of wildlife distribution based on poorly-sampled data
What are the ESSs among hawks, doves, retaliators, bully and prober retaliators?
Why is the opposite of plantar flexion called &quot;dorsiflexion&quot;?
Are cell lines potentially dangerous?
What happens to the precursor protein&#39;s signal sequence after it is cleaved?
Do variant callers miss rare variants in reference?
Telomerase as cancer target
Hydrogen peroxide decomposition and catalase uses
Do cows produce milk excessively?
What is the role of RAGEs?
How would you affect bulk DNA gene therapy for a human?
What type of flask should I use to culture NTERA2 embryonic cancer stem cells?
Is (are) there any crucial gene(s) for the formation of flower in flowering plants?
Why are there no known photosynthetic archaea?
Why did life not evolve to use radio?
Choosing appropriate statistical test for ordinal data
Is there a correlation between total neurons and intelligence?
Do DNA repressors exist?
Why do most organisms have negative supercoiled DNA?
&quot;Enhancers&quot; of enhancers?
Do women experience more bonding hormones than men after sex?
books for beginners in research in mathematical biology
Has any research lab done serious work to engineer new bacteria which assemble graphene wafers?
How did bullying arise evolutionarily?
Questions on DNA damage
What happens during kefir fermentation process?
Fixation rate at neutral loci
How much pollen is needed to pollinate a flower?
Balanced vs Maximized Codon Optimization
How to correlate the pattern by which CAP activator from E.coli binds to DNA and its mechanism of action?
Is there a specific mechanism for the delivery of pain medication?
Is there a DNA analogue to ribozymes?
Doubt on genomic code for nucleosome positioning?
Is consuming proteins different vs. consuming amino-acids and how?
What causes the line patterns in the palm of the hand?
Why is E.coli used as a model?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using beta-galactosidase compared to luciferase as a reporter gene?
Incubation time of Antarctic Phosphatase in lab
Name two reasons why it is impossible to determine a gene&#39;s nucleotide sequence from the amino acid sequence of the polypeptide
Do all organisms have to die?
How long the homologous arms of the &quot;repair&quot; sequence must be to do homologous recombination?
Are all mutagens carcinogens?
Why is knowledge of bacterial pathogenesis important?
What is the IC50 exactly?
Why is acid alcohol used as a decorizer in the acid fast stain procedure, as opposed to a neutral alcohol?
Why do contrasts during CT scans make the body feel warm?
DNA sequencing problem
(Why) are polar bears more common in Labrador than in southern Greenland?
Relationship between leaf structure and Photosynthesis rate
How does alternative splicing work?
What are microRNA, siRNA and antisense RNA?
Are gene variants at different loci also called alleles?
Can human mRNA be translated in vitro by prokaryotes?
RNA-Polymerase III transcribed genes
What factors affect the likelihood of auditory stimuli causing arousal during sleep?
How long can Cholera bacteria survive in a dead host?
What&#39;s a protein pulldown assay?
What are the roles of cadherins in epithelial mesenchymal transitions?
Enzyme\Protein amounts in cancer
Introducing novel genes to an adult multicellular organism?
Is Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) isohydric or anisohydric species?
Why do some bacteria have most genes on the leading strand of the genome?
What is the viability of Intelligent Design as a supplement to chemical abiogenesis and Darwinian Evolution?
What, if any, diseases do larder beetles carry?
White/Gold vs Blue/Black dress
Can anyone identify this mystery caterpillar?
Monochromator in fluorescence microscopy
Possible to remove accumulated haze on fluorescence interference filters?
Is it possible to train allergic resistance by exposing yourself to allergens?
Why do insects avoid being on their back?
Which data format for mRNA expression matrix is necessary to run pathway analysis with Paradigm?
What is the control level of activation in Paradigm?
Help needed in fish identification
What is the minimum functional biological light sensor?
Enzymatic error rate
Reasons why living fossils exist?
Do people that don&#39;t feel pain shiver in the cold?
enhancers in cell-type-specific signatures
Why does cucumber skin kill ants?
Is it possible to isolate and analyse intermediates of protein folding?
How do parrots stabilize their field of view without moving their necks while walking?
Effect of steroid hormone on specific cells?
Why do restriction-modification systems work?
Do other animals have different blood types?
Reason for different color perception in left/right eyes?
How big should the human population be, as predicted by body mass?
The meaning of RNA-seq data
How does optogenetics work?
What is the minimum eye?
What do trans-fats do when in human body?
Why is an increase in the amount of oxygen in the atmosphere favorable for life?
Does a mydriatic drug neutralize the action of a miotic?
Why do antidepressants have a delayed onset of action?
What proves that speciation is a pairwise process?
What is NK-cell compartments?
Does CPH4 exists?
Why are there no organisms with metal body parts, like weapons, bones, and armour? (Or are there?)
Why is amyloplast produced by some plant cells but not other cells?
Retina Transplant Difficulties
Protein PTM site prediction
Can all biological processes be understood as computations and studied as such?
How to calculate relatedness in haplodiploid organisms (mainly full sisters and full brothers)?
How can E. coli proliferate so rapidly?
Does the necessary Carbon Dioxide need to be in the atmosphere for mammals?
Can medications or drugs damage oocytes?
Mitochondria variability per tissue in humans?
Divalent cation binding to calmodulin
MTHFR recessive alleles and B-vitamins
Why is leucine amino acid used the most in proteins and tryptophan the least?
Why do people with Down syndrome get fewer cancers?
Two mice heterozygote and black are reproduced. Find the probability of getting the filium dark and heterozygote
Can life forms exist from simple structures not made of the four bases?
How to safely sterilize urea-containing growth medium?
Bacteria can resist topical antibiotics but not compounds?
What worms devour the body?
alternative ways to detach cells other than trypsin
How to explain Genome, Genes, RNA and protein in one figure to non-biologist?
What are host cellular factors?
Are any biology research journals free to publish in?
In which of the following diseases structure of haemoglobin produced is normal but their amount reduced?
Are the irises an exact match in a human&#39;s set of eyes?
Examples of extant animals in a submature morphologically unstable evolutionary state?
How to predict the top microRNAs that bind to 3`UTR of a specific gene
What is the nature of plasmids?
Why vaccines do not cause bacterial resistance?
DNA is charged negative. Where is all the positive charge in my body?
Why mutations in genes involved in general processes like DNA repair increase the risk of developing specific types of cancer?
How to find miRNA binding sites on a specific gene?
explanation of meaning of high-throughput
How can TMS induce enough depolarization to cause an action potential?
Cellular Respiration/Fermentation Problem Leading to Lack of Energy
Can you consider a human as alive, or is it the cells on the body that are alive?
What sort of assay could be used to identify mutants with mutator phenotype?
How does laughing gas (N₂O) work?
How does the value of K determine number of local optima in NK model?
What network motifs or other mechanisms can make the expression of a gene invariable to the environment?
Stable transfection
Are there grass or fiber eating birds?
Sensitivity of eyes to flashing lights
Does DNA have the equivalent of IF-statements, WHILE loops, or function calls? How about GOTO?
Layman definition of genetic polymorphism?
meaning of the &quot;reads&quot; keyword in terms of RNA-seq or next generation sequencing
What&#39;s the maximum pressure inside a bombardier beetle?
Telomere and its effect on aging
Optical density machine name
Time lapse between fresh blood&#39;s exposure to air and that same blood turning darker red-brown
What is the maximal insert length for PCR based homologous recombination in S. cerevisae
Do our ears or brains gradually adapt to noise pollution?
If a gene is located on the X sex chromosome does that mean males are either Homozygous dominant or Homozygous recessive and are never Heterozygous?
Can DNA &amp; RNA be considered as nature&#39;s programming language?
What is our skin made up of?
What mechanisms exist for the excision of specific sequences from DNA?
What is Colloidal biology and does it have any scientific background?
Why do Lapidaria margaretae look like stones?
At what stage of meiosis does &quot;first meiotic arrest of oogenesis&quot; occur?
The Ancient Kingdom of Monera
can the face of a person be accurately predicted from DNA information?
How Do White Blood Cells Learn? Or Do They?
What are the total number of action potentials in the human brain?
Why do eukaryotic organisms have introns in their DNA?
Does malaria have a reservoir host?
Find the probability of Filium (child) that are dark (and) heterozygote
What makes substances allergenic?
Why do human ears have a lower boundary for the lowest energy perceivable signal than eyes?
How to tell if a beverage will hydrate or dehydrate?
Why deoxyribose for DNA and ribose for RNA?
What is the relationship between protein-protein interaction networks and metabolic networks?
Book recommendations for evolutionary models
Degree of dosage compensation in Drosophila melanogaster
Are all dinosaur bones radioactive?
How do I identify the protein with the highest Disulfide bond density? i.e protein with highest ratio of Disulphide bonds per Peptide bond?
Electroporation of one-cell embryo?
How are 23 chromosomes in human sperm chosen?
What is the basic structure of the nuclear lamina
Are there multiple meanings to &quot;clone&quot; as in &quot;clone a gene&quot;?
Can virus resistance be acquired through generational exposure?
Nutritious protein substance for vitamin enhanced crop?
How do you determine if donated, stored blood is viable?
Why do haemophillic females $X^hX^h$ die before birth?
What is the probe that absorbs at 450nm in the presence of NADH in this assay?
Mechanisms of genotype*sex interactions
Chaos theory and population cycles of odd periodicity
Biochemical coupling between two enzymatic reactions - Enzymes physically associated?
Primer design for HLA locus
Life without DNA?
How would i describe a Cladogram as paragraph?
Why AZT is selective towards HIV and doesn&#39;t impair human DNA replication?
if the load is removed from an eccentrically contracting muscle, will it start contracting concentrically?
How we share pain?
Why sigmoid curves appear in quantitative analysis of many biological phenomena?
Do cell membranes have more phospholipids in one layer than in the other?
Are the proteolytic enzymes in syconiums and nettles identical to those in rennet?
Why are there both stop and start codons?
How to select genes before log2 ratio on a RNASeq gene expression matrix, based on signal median
Why do humans need a heart?
Two heterozygote mice for skin color are reproduced. Find the probability that in 3 children 2 will be dark and one white
Are bacteria necessary for an individual&#39;s life, or, how long could a person live without bacteria?
To which negatively charged components of the cell envelopes do the crystal violet complexes bind in gram staining?
interpreting enhancer and promoter regions of a target gene
Detailed mechanism of the cause of diabetes mellitus type 1?
Normal ECG/EKG Measurement?
Why is heart failure treated as more critical than kidney failure?
Are there cats with black skin?
how food moves in horizontal coils of small intestines
Survival of streptococcus after my scarlet fever
Plants and animals ability to survive polypoidy conditions
Protein-Bound Drugs in Kwashiorkor
Are Asians more genetically homogenous than other races?
What (open) software there are for simulating behaviour of human (cortical) neurons?
Are these cats calico?
Complementarity Determining Regions (CDR)
Why does high pH result in the denaturation of DNA?
What&#39;s the (or some of the) minimum(s) amount of atmospheric carbon dioxide needed by plants?
protein with highest affinity to lactose
How do I use BEAST for divergence time estimation in this case?
What is the chemical makeup of mealworm frass?
What is the role of Aspartate Transaminase in gluconeogenesis?
Common properties of herbs in creating anaphrodisiac effect?
How to get chemical structures in PDB format?
Which will produce more oxygen? Less number of (larger) trees or more number of (smaller) plants?
Procedure for doing western blot
What are pseudoknots?
Why is the upper respiratory tract so vulnerable to infections?
Strange Cordeyceps-looking Mushroom in Australia
What is the role pyruvate carboxylase in lipogenesis?
The human organism knows what we have to eat?
Are codons that map to the same amino acids interchangeable?
Are there anyother method under research for curing rabies?
Alternative protocol for evaluating RNA integrity, using a bleach gel
why plants cannot use atmospheric nitrogen?
&quot;Gold standard&quot; for CNV detection methods?
Why is it that heterozygous loci appear as two separate bands during gel electrophoresis while homozygous loci appear as one band?
How does the size of insert affects the rate of Homologous Recombination in yeast?
What is the difference between gene and CDS annotations?
How does ANF increase GFR?
How does HIV mutate into other strains while keeping their virulent phenotype?
How much total RNA can be extracted from Drosophila brain
Does all fungi has has N-Acetyl Glucosamine (Chitin) as the main component of their cell wall?
Why are (some) cats attracted by bleach?
Fish &quot;coming back to life&quot; after being frozen
How does food intake affect medicine? Why pill instructions recommends taking them before (after) meal?
Link between macro lncRNA and DNA looping
How to store vegetables in the refrigerator: In plastic bags or not?
Parasites with both plant and animal hosts?
What are the white spots?
About modern dating techniques
What exactly are computers used for in DNA sequencing?
How is it possible for the absolute fitness to be more than 1?
Examples of how the presence or absence 2&#39;-hydroxyl groups influence physicochemical properties of DNA and RNA
With humans, is being transgender innate, or caused by social factors?
What is this fuzzy, black fungus that grew on my plates in the 4⁰C room?
Using a Sphygmomanometer
Baby birds hair and mammal hair is a convergent evolution?
How did multicellular life evolve?
Can cell exist without Ribosomes?
Why are plasmid genes not already incorporated into bacterial chromosomes if necessary for stressful situations?
Simple Mendelian Genetics Question
Protein Structure Parameters
Can the human brain be reduced to a binary system?
Why crossing over don&#39;t happen in mitosis?
how can bats achieve good resolution with wide beams?
Are there any DNA sequences shared by all/most Viruses?
Can your immune system&#39;s cells destroy you? (Critical thinking and Fictional sense)
Why is carbonylation added as a fixed modification in mass spectrometry peptide analysis?
What are the major causes of mutations in DNA?
Which surfaces contain no epithelial tissues and which epithelial tissues are vascular?
Why people fear GMOs? Can&#39;t we map a plant composition?
Is it possible to process electrical signals from the brain and interpret the results as exact thoughts?
Immediate stroke/seizure Therapy
How does the ideal free distribution work?
What does confluency mean?
Does the use of a Thiazide diuretic affect the ability of a hair follicle to absorb substances?
Can a portion of human skin cells be modified in some way to generate light?
What do we use as baseline to determine what genetic segments are &quot;mutations&quot; (and what are not)
How to differentiate between similar looking carps efficiently?
HMMSearch full output
Why have whales and dolphins not evolved to have gills?
What percentage of human body&#39;s cells are contained in blood?
Can ingesting substances that are produced by the body cause a permanent withering of the organs that produce the substance?
How come all my family have brown eyes and I have blue eyes?
Why is blood removed from meat?
EMBOSS matcher and supermatcher - incongruent results?
Can we harvest energy from plants?
How does toluene inhalation damage the brain?
Why HIS tag is not detected in WB or dot blot?
Should hydrogen peroxide be applied on a bloody nose?
Do men and women have parts of the brain that show different level of activities?
How do Streptococcus thermophilus and Lactobacillus bulgaricus precipitate the curd of swiss cheese?
How far can we go in engineering our own evolution?
How does the Pectoralis Major work when doing a bench press?
Arm at Heart Level when Measuring Blood Pressure
Is any known plant magnetic?
How can we know or measure pain in animals?
What&#39;s keeping living species from rotting?
Authority on Microbiological Definitions
Can I use yogurt to prevent the growth of black mold?
choice of negative stains in general
Effects of lactic acid ingestion
how to extract promoter regions given a TF binding site
Reasons preirradiation of negatively stained and plastic embedded specimens with a low electron dose improve stability to electron irradiation
Do both ends of a muscle contract?
Demultiplexing symmetric PacBio reads
Lyonization vs Genetic Imprinting
Why is oxaloacetate made in the mitochondria?
What does pain look like in wave form?
How to increase contrast with only a top entry specimen holder
What is the purpose of narwals&#39; tusks?
DNA replacement: new species
Pros/cons: linear vs. circular DNA
A good textbook on GMO
Determination of a chemical compound in a non-homogeneous sample
a question about negative stains
Can genetically engineering the DNA of a human zygote, make it a twin of another human in entirety?
Is the six-layer cortex model of the mammalian cortex still the most accepted model?
Do Penicillin based antibiotics affect birth control?
What does it mean to have different &quot;metabolism&quot;?
Superhuman eyesight
If you are God, how would you create an efficient priming reaction?
IPTG and lac operator with e coli for foreign gene question
What creates the feeling of &#39;excess&#39; blood pressure to an area of the body?
Why are there no artificial wombs yet?
What is called the &quot;area size that an animal usually lives in&quot;?
What is an auditory upward sweep?
What is the difference between organelle membranes?
How is the type of genetic manipulation determined in CRISPR-Cas9?
Can siRNA induce DNA methylation in mammalian cells?
Total dark deprivation at day-neutral plants
Genetic abscence of backpain among teen girls?
In cancer, why do cells duplicate themselves?
Why oxLDL accumulate to form foam cells?
mRNA Transcription from Nuclear DNA
Does methanol fixation deform cultured cells?
Perception of distant lights without glasses
Core architecture of the body encoding
Human leukocytes (re)circulation/migration in homeostatic state
Is lemon water an alkalizing agent in the body?
Is there a graph or ontology that maps diseases to its possible causes or causing diseases?
Is a hard slap to the head a medical emergency?
How does aging affect fingerprint?
What happens to the umblical cord inside the mother?
How does one calculate how to dilute a solution to working strength?
why reptiles still stimulate even after the death?
What is the expected number of children that need to be born for every possible point mutation to occur once?
What species is this? Seashell from Indonesia
Chromosome and chromatid numbers during cell cycle phases
How can I classify Breast Cancer if I have incomplete receptor information?
How close to Earth&#39;s core can organisms live?
How does Hemocytoblast constantly get formed into so many blood cells and yet remains there in the bone marrow throughout the lifetime?
What microscope/magnification would I need to observe P. Acnes bacteria?
How does so many replicas of different kinds of blood corpuscles form from different cells in the bone marrow?
How can action potentials be generated through thoughts?
How can we measure cardiac output?
What&#39;s Incomplete atrioventricular heart block (AV)?
What’s the reason for isovolumic contraction and isovolumic relaxation?
What is biological dark matter?
I found these skulls in a old bottle in the woods. Can you tell me what they are?
How does a baby retain a blood group different from it&#39;s mother, in her womb?
Relationship between nerves and axons
Why does a light object appear lighter in your peripheral vision when it&#39;s dark?
Introductory books about evolution
How well does the radius of a tree correlate with its age?
what does Pro→Glu substitution mean?
Do all sources supply all sinks on a plant?
Why does an complete molar pregnancy not result in a clone?
Why sudden stresses cause stuttering and/or other impairs in children?
How does it make thermodynamic sense for photosynthesizers to turn CO₂ into O₂?
Has the protein composition (with identification) in honey and other honeybee byproducts been studied?
Could a sperm be altered to contain a female&#39;s genetics?
Is it possible that weak memory is due to interference between signals in the brain?
Why do plants produce so much more sugar than they use?
Do plants need O₂ to consume energy they&#39;ve stored via sugar?
Is it possible for a human to get rabies from a rabies vaccine meant for dogs?
Is brain transplantation possible?
G&gt;T transversion VS. T&gt;G transversion?
Does coloring affect the perception of depth?
What&#39;s a non-allelic gene?
What are the requirements for a stable carbon cycle in sealed &quot;bottle gardens&quot;`?
Why are there so many medicinal plants?
Could someone entirely absorb smells by smelling?
How much of what we eat ends up in the toilet?
Why didn&#39;t animals evolve wheels for locomotion on land?
Redheads and pain receptors
Proteins: Post translational modification
Biphasic T wave caused by digitalis toxicity
Does Smartphone cause ear pain?
How Many Generation We can Run a Mycelium of Pleurotus ostreatus/Pearl Oyster?
In insects, does the Alanine repeat occur on the homeodomain sequence of the abdomen or does it occur on a different sequence?
Which method would more accurately help to identify the unknown concentration of a protein sample between the A280 and the Bradford methods?
Do trees really get a large share of their mass from the carbon in the air?
Why did the Brain develop in the front in most organisms?
Stem cells and if they can correct a lack of apoptosis
What is the field of view for the human eyes?
Will I grow taller? How can i tell?
Why is pericardium muscle repolarizated earlier than endocardium?
Metabolism of different saccharides
Is there life on other planets and if so how frequent?
Maximum RPM in zero-g before losing consciousness, spinning head-over-heels
Why do human eyes glow red on a photo and dog&#39;s eyes green?
What actually are thoughts?
Why are fingerprints different even in identical twins?
What are the units of Q10 (temperature sensitivity)?
How do scientists decide which version of a polymorphism is the main one?
What is the most condensed form of (stored) energy used in biology?
Do humans perceive temperature or heat-flux? (or both?)
Neural correlates of the function of the cardiovascular system?
Peristaltic pumps in animal perfusion - how important are physiological flow parameters?
What happens to our umbilical cord internally as we age?
Human evolution: Where *exactly* did the first human come from, whose parents were not?
DNA barcoding and real-time PCR
What chemicals and structures control the *direction* of plant growth in leaves, stems and roots?
Why do we experience temperatures below 37 degrees Celsius as &#39;hot&#39;?
What mechanism is responsible for germinating in the right direction (root towards gravity)?
Protein Design - Target Structure Specification
Why aren&#39;t green eyes more prevalent?
Visualising a subset of the tree of life
How and why can cold inflict pain?
Can you Identify this Creature?
Can we artificially increase human growth using HGH?
How can a drone be male?
Why do living organisms replicate itself or procreate
Why is iodine used for metabolic hormones?
Are some virus loads introduced to human cell but never triggered?
Clumping factor test
What advantage does an enzyme serve over catalysis by the addition of heat energy?
Where can I find mutation datasets for cancer (other than TCGA)?
What is a triglyceride?
Western Blot: Fischer ECL substrate 2:1 instead of 1:1?
What is the present tense verb form of apoptosis?
Stockholm format to dot-brackets format?
What is a group of tortoises called?
During famine, does the human body do anything to prioritize which organs receive nutrients?
Do animals exist which have great vision, but see only grayscale?
How can the directionality of a protein structure be defined?
I photographed a couple of butterflies and birds in Argentina but can&#39;t identify them. What are my options?
Weird gelatinous substance in highland bog
Why can&#39;t there be fructification of mycelium in submerged culture?
background extraction in microscope analysis
How to characterise a protein family in a putative genome island?
How does the molecular machinery choose where to cut a chromosome for recombination?
Do these things contain amylase?
Zinc and brewer&#39;s yeast
What is Trypsin?
Open protocol for Ligase Independent Cloning
What are senescent cells doing in our bodies?
Why are the fertility rates of large predators kept low?
How does estrogen influence collagen synthesis?
Is there a stem cell dye for education purposes?
What is the gene regulation behind human adaptation to higher altitudes and therefore higher hemoglobin levels?
Where do the phosphate units come from when EGF units dimerize?
What is overdiagnosis?
Why do endotherms need more food than ectotherms?
What is the best way to orally administer a water insoluble powdered drug to macaque monkeys?
What is the genome size of Saffron (Crocus sativus)?
Why are neutral [sterile] female flowers present in inflorescences when they are reproductively incompatible?
What is the fruit of Caf&#233; marron (Ramosmania rodriguesi) like?
Why does a dog raise leg for urine, whereas for feces wont?
Why are cell lines frozen in vapor phase?
Can anyone identify the worm in this video clip?
Female preference for males who are already in a relationship
Why do we get &#39;bags under our eyes&#39;?
What flower is this blue flower?
How to preserve leaves between sampling (collection) and analysis?
Why does uterus have to be prepared every month for fertilization?
Pedigree Probability of Autosomal Recessive Trait
Why cancer is not a communicable disease?
How do biologists infer correct ORF of a DNA sequence?
Has DNA communication/interaction at a distance been empirically demonstrated?
What is the meaning of dots and dashes in clustalw?
What temperature should mammalian B-Cells be stored at outside of the incubator?
Is there a biological environment that we can we assume glutamate exists as glutamic acid?
How to name such grouping behaviour?
By what method do ants dissect and hold soil
Why animals can move and plants cannot in general?
What is some computer science technology that can help the development of biology?
Does long term use of antibiotics in humans actually lead to a greater risk of infection?
Growing E. coli at room temperature?
Name (and meaning of the absence) of the white semicircle at the base of the fingernail?
Why do eyes water in response to particular emotions?
How do I find a protein from this DNA sequence?
Is fever a disease or not?
How to study the number of herbivores per type of tree and time of day?
How do butterflies defend themselves from other creatures when they don&#39;t have the ability to sting or some other offensive/defensive mechanism?
Why Does Salt Water Help Sore Throats?
Premise of life cycle synchronization between predator and prey
What prevents predator overpopulation?
Is it a medical condition to not able to recall the word in a language while having a conversation
Hot water bath and Infertility
If Evolution Is In Progress, Why Fight Extinction?
What&#39;s the difference between stabilizing selection and balancing selection?
Why do birds move their heads abruptly?
What is topological crossover?
Why does death exist?
How to decide if genes are linked in an unordered mapping problem?
What do &quot;e&quot; &quot;-&quot; &quot;C&quot; and &quot;E&quot; mean in this output?
What determines the autumn leaf color?
Why do the proportion of predators increase at mass extinction events?
How do cats survive falling from great heights?
Why is the resting potential of a neuron so close to the equilibrium potential of K⁺?
Human Species of Males/Females
How can heart disease cause dizziness after eating?
What is it about the housekeeping genes that makes them almost immune to gene regulation?
Why do we age? or Do we have a theory of senescence?
Are there U-rich transcriptional pause sites?
Why aren&#39;t circadian rhythms exactly 24 hours long?
How to engineer chromosomal duplications?
All UniprotIDs of a cancer pathway
How are we able to find the specific sites at which DNA binding proteins bind?
SNPs and locations
Receptors for red and far-red light in plants: Shade avoidance
What evolutionary advantages are provided by ovoviviparity?
Dimensions of an ulcer
Explanation of sequence motif diagram given in wikipedia
Why I have to pee more often in low temperature?
First documented beneficial mutation?
How does menstruation proceed during one period?
How does Pothos grow in only water?
What senses are active while sleeping?
Why did humans become bipedal?
Is there a standard formula/calculation for sexual dimorphism?
How can I isolate live Wolbachia endosymbionts from Drosophila
Blood circulation - How to expand blood capillaries?
Phenotype choice for one of a MZ twin pair in a genetic association study
What makes a gene dominant or recessive
Was Earth&#39;s atmosphere more buoyant in the prehistoric era then today?
How does beta branching stop alpha helices from forming?
How do you convert mtDNA sequences in FASTA to FSTAT format?
Why can white hairs get dark again?
How to get a pdb file of a single atom?
Agony, Hydrophobia and viruses in the light of evolutionary principles
How to measure heat loss in Tardigrades
What fish (and/or shellfish) species with a multi-year life-cycle, besides salmon, die after spawning?
List of dinosaurs synonyms
Thermodynamics of Forming Peptide Bonds
How to retrieve full gene names list and Entrez gene IDs and other annotation information from HUGO gene name list (in R or any)?
Is there anything that is completely non-toxic to humans at any dose?
Why are fly not scared when landing on a monitor with changing graphics?
Human vs animal feces as fertilizer
How does Trifluralin kill newly germinating seeds, with almost no effects on established ones?
Can canines communicate with each other using gaze direction?
Heart Rate being normal when under treatment for the bends
Are abrasions considered closed wounds?
Can memory be improved with mental training?
Alternative plant taxonomies to Linneaus
Do Parasaurolophus have hands with fingers to grab?
Up to date, extensive documentary about dinosaurs?
How does Isoxaben kill newly germinating seeds, with almost no effects on established ones?
Why doesn&#39;t Fenoxaprop-P-ethyl damage cool season lawns?
Why scientific names of animals &amp; plants are made difficult to spell &amp; remember?
Polychromatic Fur considered against Monochromatic Hair
Does increased cell turnover cause cancerous mutations?
Why doesn&#39;t Clopyralid damage cool season lawn grasses?
Why did animals evolve genders?
Why White Blood Cells (WBCs) do not react to foreign bodies like sperm?
Why sperm count matter for pregnancy?
Why are sperm cells not attacked by the female immune system?
Why don&#39;t breast enlargements leave any marks of surgery on breasts?
How does Halosulfuron-methyl kill nutsedge, while leaving lawn grass and most weeds undamaged?
Why not use lactase to aid the break down of lactose when making biofuels?
Diffusion of Hypotonic solution into solution with glucose and starch
Would a plant need light if the chemicals gained by photosynthesis were given through the roots or as a foliar spray?
How to measure Na/K channel activation at the membrane level?
Biological age of grafted plants
Are alleles passed down and shuffled randomly to the offspring during meiosis or fertilization?
How long do zebra fishes remain transparent?
dsRNA and immune response
How to define &quot;Quasifixation&quot; in continuous approximation of finite population?
Cannot conjugate Biotin-labeled DNA to Streptavidin-labeled solid surface
Plasmid in the nucleus and gene expression
Why is high fructose corn syrup unhealthy?
Relation between a compound&#39;s toxicity and it&#39;s concentration level
Which fruit compounds affect the speed of fructose absorption?
What does it mean when a patient suffering from malignant tumor (cancer) has been declared cured?
Why there are two rounds of cytosine de-methylation in mammalian development?
Which biosynthetic pathways take place in the plastid and were are they located?
Gender and age-specific mutation rate in plants
How can a plant become resistant to glufosinate?
What is a positive epitope fragment
What is in the space between neurons in a brain?
Why is hyper pigmentation the common aftermath of skin lesions and abrasions?
What Websites Have Image Libraries for Bacteria and other Microorganisms
What are the differences between a benign tumor and swelling?
Basic Gene/Chromosome/Genome/Protein question.. which comes first?
Is recombination suppressed in the males of all Drosophila species? Any other species?
why male penis not considered as cartilage?
What software/approach to use to build a graph based on microarray gene expression correlation?
Are boat-tailed grackles efficient flyers?
How was the origin of CTVT parasitic cancer determined?
What does units/mg mean for Streptavidin
What kinds of cells does human saliva contain?
Gene expression for mouse feeder cells (inactivated MEFs)
Is there tea allergy?
Blood Pressure: Significance of difference between systolic and diastolic
How does Haloxyfop control young grassy weeds in fields of broadleaved crops?
Speed of effective lymphatic drainage?
Swellings with Variegated consistency
How does MSMA kill crabgrass with only minimal damage to lawn grasses?
How can a plant resist glyphosate (Roundup) herbicide?
Why doesn&#39;t the herbicide 2,4-D damage lawn grass?
Can genetic engineering be performed without a laboratory setting?
What is the most complex biological organism (or precursors) that we have been able to synthesize from raw materials?
Dehydration from caffeine, alcohol and other
Dehydration by a tea, coffee, beer etc
Relationship Between Evolution and the Increase of Entropy of Earth
Transfect Mammalian Cells with Single Stranded DNA?
After how many generations descendant is not more related to ancestor, than to a random individual in an ancestral population?
What are hot spots on human body?
How long does it take to form a peptide bond?
How can we calculate the minimum sustainable number of the panda population?
How do C. elegans manage nutrition?
Is there an organism which has a common English name which overlaps with another organism&#39;s scientific name (or vice versa?)
Can an upper forearm amputee correctly control the Median and Ulnar nerves
eradicating h.pylori naturally
RNA isolation from Drosophila head
Converting fmri data to association matrix
More general usage of the term &#39;congener&#39;
Organism identification, what is this?
Are nutrients absorbed in human esophagus?
How does DNA damage cause ageing in yeast?
Kinetic Vs Potential Energy in Biochemical Contexts
Conversion of glucose to glycogen
Plural of &quot;dibamus&quot;
Mechanism of Decorticate &amp; Decerebrate Posturing? Also why is only Decorticate Rigidity a misnomer?
Repair wrong DNA pair after ending replication?
Why can cones detect color but rods can&#39;t?
How long can a human neuron cell live outside the body in a controlled environment?
What equipment is needed to perform simple plant electrophysiology?
What is the female equivalent of the morning erection that some men experience?
Have there been studies done to test Immortality of Cancer Cells on culture?
Can methylation of a promoter induce gene expression in some rare cases?
Why do moths not die when they fly into a window?
How often does bacterial transformation happen?
Which of the two mitochondorial membranes relate to bacteria according to the endosymbiotic theory?
Does Human Female Meiosis II occur after fertilization with sperm?
Does enzyme Km comparisons make sense?
What&#39;s the meaning of &#39;plasma&#39; in &#39;plasma membrane&#39;?
Calcium levels and nerve hyperexcitation
Why can I breathe true only One nostril
why do some cells in the body prefer necrosis to apoptosis as a means of cell death?
Can people with paralyzed eye muscles see?
What are the differences between cancer and tumour?
If someone were to die on the moon, would their body decay?
What happens when the brain is no longer capable of co-ordinating or regulating the heart and breathing rates?
Trying to differentiate between the three muscle tissues with small pictures
Does Pseudomonas aeruginosa have any common name at all?
What specific sensory nerves act as receptors for &quot;pins and needles&quot; (neuropathy)?
How and where do nerves share pathways to the brain?
Why does a tumour&#39;s genome change depending on the environment?
Does the metabolic rate determine how fast the telomeres shorten?
Why are nausea and dizziness such common side effects from medication?
Why is sarcoma more prevalent and common in right heart?
Largest direct ancestor of humans
Why aren&#39;t animals diverse in phenotype?
Why draw blood from veins rather than arteries?
Is this a grass cell?
Which came first in hominid evolution: language or bipedalism?
On the genetics behind caste marriages
What would happen to a body in an astronaut suit over time if floating free?
Cockroaches and magnetic fields
Mode of Enzymatic Inhibition via R-Allele
Why do humans have eyebrows?
Why are particular laser-related skin products not recommended for darker skin tones?
How to determine if this blood disorder is recessive or dominant?
How did people who were living far from the sea obtain iodine during the Middle Ages?
The damage of cancer cells
Species ID: Cape Town mystery insect
Is it possible to estimate how much variation in common phenotypes is predicted by genetics?
Cell evolution: immortality vs reproduction
Identification of unknown bagworm (Singapore)
Statistics on energy consumption breakdown per biological functions across organisms?
Gradualism vs. Punctuationalism
Question about clusters and populations
Evolutionary reasons why you cannot tickle yourself but masturbate
How can a brainless Cnidarian hunt and defend itself?
Plant tissue culture
Why do skin and nail go blue in cyanosis?
How much mass does a person lose in a day through breathing and perspiration?
How to measure chemical elements in soil?
Why are riboswitches mostly present in bacteria and not in eukaryotes?
Is there any tree or other plant that produces a new crop in fast cycles?
Can protein sample be made 2% Triton X-100 free?
True or false &amp; fill in the blanks
What is the limit of time resolution in fMRI?
How to measure metabolic rates of microscopically small animals?
What has to duplicate before cell enters M phase?
What species of Cerapoda lived during the Jurassic?
Assessing probability from a pedigree
What are the biological mechanisms of candy causing nausea?
Model for fluctuating selection
Could we engineer humans to behave like insects?
Is there a known glucosepane cross-link breaker?
What is Mendelian Segregation and how is it related to the Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium?
How does vasoconstriction/vasodilation change blood pressure?
How to maximize lung oxygen intake?
What is the name of the condition where no pacemaker cells are active in the heart for a short-time?
Almost philosophical question about controlling a pest/plague
Are there any generic (not dependent on symptoms) ways to find parasite infections?
Why don&#39;t stem cell therapies use viruses?
Which of these components has C-H and COOH groups
What are the effects of long-term liquid breathing?
How do we look inside the cell?
Pituitary giants - is the fusing of growth plates dependent on amount of growth hormone in blood?
Known ways to modify the genetic structure of the 13 loci used in CODIS
How can succinylcholine cause myorelaxation?
Factors for sensitivity to electric shock
Why can&#39;t ciliary muscles in the human eye relax like other muscles?
What is the biological basis for tiredness after eating?
What were the first neural systems like?
How to prevent e coli from clumping (for FACS)?
Hamilton&#39;s inclusive fitness approach
Literature about putative epigenetic state changes in mammal sequences after cloning steps in Escherichia coli
Why do adults lose hearing at high frequencies?
Is the eyes&#39; movement discrete?
Parallels between pixelized image and the human retina
If we change our breathing rate so easily, then what is the point of measuring it?
Death Psychology
What are the advantages of blood&#39;s redness?
What shows how healthy someone is by their heart rate?
Glycerol 3-phosphate nomenclature
Incestual Reproduction in Animals
What triggers programmed cell death in humans (from outside the cell)?
why is DNA antiparallel? Can it be parallel?
Why is ATP the main nucleoside triphosphate used to exchange energy?
What is the state-of-the-art algorithm for multiple sequence alignment?
In a typical population, what might the percentage of plants be to predators and everything inbetween?
Does the size or mass of a body affect the time it takes for rigor mortis to sets in?
What&#39;s the minimum distance of focus for the lens of a human eye to reach maximum flatness?
Multi-modal distribution for gene expression data
Why is water a polar molecule?
how do macrophages have the capacity to digest pathogen in opsonization
Is there any disadvantage to having a really low adipocyte count in our times?
How to do whole genome sequence alignment in R or Ruby/C++, any good language?
What are the buoyancy control mechanisms of Chambered nautilus?
How many different kinds of polypeptides, each composed of 12 amino acids, could be synthesized using the 20 common amino acids?
How do you call that part of the muscle that connects directly to the bone?
How semi-synthetic cell with artificial DNA works
Mutation Rate in Multicellular Eukaryotes
Is it dangerous to rub closed eyes?
Sporophyte and gametophyte
Why after physical activity I see flickering concentric circles?
Do apes and humans share 99% of DNA or 99% of genes? What is the difference?
What does to &quot;evolve&quot; exactly mean?
How to build gene interaction network based on correlation between gene expression values using software like Cytoscape and R?
Is it true that some organs &quot;sleep&quot; at certain times of the day and does this affect dieting or when to take medicine?
What is the name of this plant? (found in a rock)
Is the function of adjacent genes correlated?
What effects does being cryogenically frozen have on a person&#39;s body?
What effect does the Barr body have, in relation to female Turner syndrome?
How much of the human body is processed sunlight?
Does a man contain all the genes needed to make a woman?
What is the most effective way to eliminate silverfish (g. Thysanura) from walls and floorboards?
Can iGEM distribution parts be directly PCR&#39;d?
What does x in &quot;Miscanthus &#215; giganteus&quot; name stand for?
Are there any viruses that have infected all humans in the past or present?
Are there any viruses that are part of all land animals?
Expression of an ancestral gene
Breaking a gene during recombination
Expression of plasmid genes
What is happening physically when I get sleepy and when I wake up?
Do bacteria with multiple flagella move faster than bacteria with a single flagella?
How is the reflectance spectrum of solids measured?
Why do some animals try to imitate other animals?
Which Papaya (Lechosa) plant (male or female) bears fruit?
Chickens roosting, is it sleep or torpor?
What is the human ear&#39;s temporal resolution?
Mutation-Selection-Drift Equilibrium
How long can the brain survive during ongoing cardiac arrest?
Are large depth changes ever a barrier to gene flow in elasmobranchs?
Is this description of etiology of celiac disease correct?
Father with mutated gene for mtDNA- why isn&#39;t his offspring at risk?
How much of the weight of yoghurt is due to bacteria?
How much energy does a lion contain?
What log transformation and normalization functions are most commonly used for microarray and how to select them?
What to do if microarray t-test, ANOVA, SAM and LImma show various selected significant genes?
Why can&#39;t we defibrillate the heart within 1 minute after ventricular fibrillation by electroshock?
Does the nervous system have &quot;routers&quot;?
Why do the size of the phase 1 notch vary among cardiac cells?
Why do ion concentrations change with different secretion rates in pancreatic juice?
Do all species have asymmetric female meiosis?
Immunomic Microarray
Is there any conclusive study relating the food consumed and the occurrence of acne?
Gene Therapy for Cystic Fibrosis
Why don&#39;t myopic people see the world upside-down?
What does the gene name &quot;lexA&quot; stand for?
Safety of using industrial water for hand washing
Mean and standard deviation of human bone density?
Relation between trigeminal and facial nerve in sympathetic response
If higher levels of atmospheric oxygen can lead to larger animals, can it also lead to larger plants?
Why do some cells like myofibrils have multiple nuclei?
Is the molecule nitric oxide responsible for healing blood vessels?
Can one die from pain?
Why doesn&#39;t HDL cause diseases like LDL?
Safety of cobalt-chromium and nickel-chromium dental implants
How does trees know to balance themselves so that they never fall down
Why don&#39;t we see turbulence in the aorta even in normal situations?
About artificially induced processes that would normally cause a cell to self-destruct
What does irregular heartbeat mean in simple language?
Is a raised baseline between T and QRS normal in any ECG lead?
DNA extraction from oil-containing seeds
Fe(II) and Fe(III) transport from rhizosphere across plasma membrane
Hypothalamic breakdown and effect of temperature on membrane lipids
Do people grow shorter as they age, how common is it, and what triggers it?
Circulating factors affecting human health/longevity
Pasteurisation of orange juice and Vitamin C
Is it biologically possible for an adult&#39;s eye color to change?
Eye strain using 3D screens
Are there ways to speed up the growth of plants?
Why can&#39;t neurons undergo cell division?
Why does our voice change when we get affected by cold or cough?
Why isn&#39;t Rh disease present in other mammals?
What&#39;s the smallest size a human eye can see?
What virus transforms full grown plants?
Does antibody staining / immunolabeling block or inhibit protein function?
Does repolarization of muscle fibers mean that the muscle bundle is relaxed?
Well to well variation in thermal cycler fluorescence?
Do electromagnetic waves outside the visible spectrum have any role in photosynthesis?
A colony of humans are sent to an alien world, at what point would the descendants evolve to be genetically incompatible with Earth humans?
Ancestral Allele explanation
Estimating RPM to RCF in Methods from Older Papers
Real Time PCR Test Chemistry
Do humans have enough biological differences to be grouped into races or subspecies?
Using perceptual adaptation for enhancing realism of VR/other entertainment
How does sodium in one&#39;s diet affect blood pressure?
Which sex of trees bears fruit?
Plant dependence on CO₂ levels
Why do dog&#39;s eyes glow green on a photo?
Why are most transcription factors enhancing the expression rather than repressing?
Typical in-vivo protein concentration
How to do a whole genome analysis of Multidrug-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis
What&#39;s the meaning of this notation?
Can humans live without their right atrium?
Why can blood group O be given to all blood groups?
Why are some genes dominant over others? What is the mechanism behind it?
How to calculate the effective population size ($N_e$) with overlapping generations?
Why do we have more male infant born?
Can concentration of a protein be determined from a gel quantitatively (rough estimation)?
Why can&#39;t we call dog breeds different species?
Is there any knowledge of physics can be applied in to evolution?
Why didn&#39;t we develop senses that allow us to sense radiation, magnetism or any other thing?
What is Pan for in pan-caspase?
Can you answer Ray Comfort&#39;s question on Biological Evolution?
Why does human hair grow and behave differently depending on its location?
What is this plant ...?
How does most of lymph get back into the blood stream? (I don&#39;t mean the lymphatic system)
Is a Ginkgo tree a conifer?
What are the requirements for a spectrometer to be used in biological research?
negatively charged albumin as major carrier of acidic/negative charged drugs in blood
If body temperature is 37&#176;C (98.6&#176;F), why are most people more comfortable at around 21&#176;C (70&#176;F)?
Why is an allele dominant or recessive?
Voltage-gated Potassium channels in the action potential of cardiomyocyte?
Why do flies &quot;rub&quot; their front legs when resting?
Double stranded is more &#39;durable&#39; than single stranded stuff?
Can a woman give birth to twins with different fathers?
What&#39;s the maximum and minimum temperature a human can survive?
What is atrial fibrillation?
Why does hair grow after trimming but remains at a constant length after a while?
Why is the Trendelenburg position used when placing and removing Central Venous Line catheters in the sub-clavian vein?
Is there any scientific evidence that a human has ever grown a third set of teeth?
Retinal eccentricity to colour sensitivity
Hydrogen Peroxide on Open Wounds
Could the proteome of E. coli be fluorescently labelled?
Why can blood vessel contraction be described as a second order system?
How far can birds see?
What&#39;s the worst that can happen from too much sleep deprivation? Can you die?
If what we eat can be seen in our hair, then to what degree can our food affect the &quot;look and feel&quot; of our hair?
How is oxygen and carbon dioxide exchange mediated by hemoglobin?
Whole genome sequence analysis software
Chemical reactions at the synapse
Which organs do cats not eat on their prey?
Aligning multiple sequences in heterogeneous group
Can someone identify this flowering bush from the US?
Coniferous trees in temperare rain forests
What controls leaf senescence in deciduous tree species, and how can I predict it?
Why does the stomach ache if you take a brisk walk after lunch or dinner
Do males of all sexual species have Y chromosomes?
spinal cord lesion and result in somatic sensation
Why are some fungi poisonous?
Hill&#39;s function for translational regulation
Single long axon vs serial neurons
Why do we find some things disgusting and others delicious?
Identifying whether ELISA kits are authentic or fake
Do species other than humans have distinct daily feeding patterns?
Vitamin and mineral contents of common fruits
Grafting vegetables onto fruit-bearing trees
Human disease and associated phenotype database?
Why is dimethyltryptamine (DMT) being released during death?
What do biologists mean when they use the term &quot;biological distance&quot;?
When should endocytosis inhibitors be used in cell binding assays?
Facultative Cannibalism?
Using the IMGT/GENE-DB service to find RSS
Is it possible to move your arms above your head when handcuffed in the back?
Does transplanted heart have full sympaticus without medication?
Does sample buffer require EDTA for protein separation on SDS PAGE?
What physics knowledge can be applied to biology of organisms and ecosystems?
Protocol for checking pipette calibrations using absorbance readings of a dye in solution?
Formation of Life
Prevent biofilm formation on moist surfaces
Phylogenetics and the Tree of Life
How to determine whether a newly discovered dinosaur is not a young one and not an entirely different species?
Does the cellular response to every receptor work the same way?
How does the population fitness changes after a change in mutation rate
What is the importance of urea in mass spectrometry?
Hair loss in a nuclear submarine?
How do humans perceive time?
How does the genetic material differ between dizygotic twins and ordinary siblings?
Specificity of Protein Kinases in Signaling Pathways..?
Are pulp cells (in oranges) normal plant cells?
Why do we have butt hair?
Are small CO₂ concentrations devastating to certain cognitive tasks?
How many mosquitoes would it take to &quot;drain&quot; enough blood to put a person into shock?
Kinetic binding / unbinding constants of protein + mRNA ⇌ mRNP
DNA content in plant seeds vs. fruit flesh
How much does sleeping correlate with daily activity?
Hamilton&#39;s derivation of direct fitness from his 1970 paper
Do the right-handed people tend to use the right side teeth of their jaw to chew food more often than the left-handed people?
C1q attachment to antibodies
Autoimmunity and central tolerance
What is this vinca like vine?
How many cells does the smallest animal have?
Intuitive explanation for Kin- and Group- selection
Blood cells penetration
Species Identification (Insect)
Why do we have five fingers?
Why don&#39;t we breathe nitrogen when it makes most of the air?
Are there known examples where an evolved mechanism &quot;echoes&quot; one originally provided by the environment?
What is the second phase of photosynthesis?
How did giraffes develop their rete mirabile failsafe?
Does photosynthesis require only direct sunlight
Do snakes get dizzy?
How would real-time blood glucose monitoring work?
Is there any way the food industry can benefit from biofilms?
Medium for Pseudomonas?
Do the eggs for larger litters come from the same meiosis events, or different ones?
Neuroendocrinal mechanism of parturition
Are There Rules for How Proteins Are Formed?
What controls Fructose regulation in plants?
Do we know if RHEB is more sensitive to some amino acids than other amino acids?
Is there a consensus on whether or not race exists on a biological level?
Exclusive microtubule minus-end labeling
Miseq loading with low concentration library
How does steroid dependence occur?
Can I force evolution in a group of cells by removing all the smaller cells?
Evolutionary history: did any organs start out as autonomous organisms?
Why does rabies cause hydrophobia?
When do the spindle fibers attach to the chromosome
Production of processed Insulin in bacteria
Can cfDNA testing distinguish results in the case of twins?
Fab fragments of antibodies to fight viral infections
Miscarriage in early humans
How does mutation cause natural selection? and is it common in protists or prokaryotes?
What term describes insects that must eat protein to reproduce?
How fallible are DNA paternity tests?
What is SDS PAGE gel polymerization time?
What species of eagle pushes their young to teach them flying?
Dopamine and other neurotransmitter release during music listening
Supercomputer and undergraduates
How can homosexuality evolve despite natural selection?
Are there more true codes found in biology besides the central dogma?
Why does renal artery stenosis lead to activation of Renin-Angiotensin system?
What is the most recent well-attested common ancestor of chimpanzees and humans?
Survival curve in early humans
Fecundity per woman in early humans
IgA complement activation
Chromosome 2 fusion?
Limb polarity such as writing handedness, golf handedness and natural football foot
Identifying a tree with an image
What is the evolutionary cause for various finger lengths?
How come most animals never seem to evolve over millenia?
basic programming and bioinformatics
Are there any known health benefits / risks from milliampere current (0.1-2 mA) on forehead?
How to measure concentrations of different metals from the environment?
Taste of salt water
Duplicity Vs. Singularity of Mammals Organs
Molecular Cloning- Blunt end restriction endonucleases
Why do we get runny noses in the cold?
What is the evidence that australopithecines were bipedal?
Can white eggs be considered as non-vegetarian?
Distance matrix with different length sequences
awakening effects of light
Is there already discovered non-carbon form of life?
What makes teeth feel sticky after drinking Coca-Cola?
Dreadnoughtus: Why are new taxa named using Dog Latin?
How many eukaryotes are there on Earth?
Can the eye distinguish between pure and composite colours and how do we measure this?
How do CO₂ and carbonic acid (H₂CO₃) work in buffering the blood?
How is the growth of benign tumors suppressed?
Terminology question: the scope of an allele in an organism
Are There Exceptions to Animal Cells not Having Cell Walls?
Are spiders part of the study of entomology?
Advantages of bisexual reproduction over asexual one toward species promotion?
Why do parasites sometimes kill their hosts?
What if rB=C in hamilton&#39;s rule?
Why would a single celled organism evolve to be multi-celled?
Does one parent transmit more DNA to the offspring than the other one?
Can excessive carbonated drink consumption lead to elevated red blood cell levels?
Relative sweetness
What is an operon?
Why don&#39;t we have hair on palms?
Why isn&#39;t the insertion of a single nucleotide destructive for DNA?
Besides hemoglobin, what proteins are present in red blood cells?
The origin of molecular machines
Why is mRNA needed in the Protein translation?
Can any other animal choke on food?
Concentration of degenerate primers should you dilute to?
Cloning and Telomeres
Is there a risk of localised die-off when plants bud too early?
how to reconcile PDB structures&#39; sequences via Uniprot references?
Can plants grow under extreme (&gt;1%) carbon dioxide concentrations?
Poisonous plants, animals, mushrooms: is this always a kind of defense?
Why are canines not nauseated by similar foodstuffs/state of decay as human beings?
What is the physiological difference between cortisone and cortisol?
What genetic distance model should be used when calculating genetic differences in Arelquin?
Organ cloning - possible to make a non-antigenic organ?
what&#39;s the vascular cambium?
Why do people feel extreme cold at different temperatures compared to other people of same body structure?
The skin color of bonobos
What is difference between breed, variant, subspecies and species?
How organized is the inside of a cell?
Superpatients for Cancer resistance
Is funnel web spider venom poisonous?
About the apoptosis mechanisms in a cell
Can you hold your breath longer when scubadiving deep under water?
Can someone help me analyze this article?
Are we more/less resistant to infectious diseases during an allergic reaction?
How does salinity affect the bonds of an enzyme?
If ants have an antibiotic gland, how can they spread hospital infections?
How do trees manage to grow equally in all directions?
Is there an &#39;anti-virus&#39;?
How much difference in genome is enough to prevent interbreeding?
Elevated position effect on recovery times from upper respiratory infections at rest?
What can cause the bloating in high protein diet of Whey proteins?
Parallel Autonomic regulation of Cough and Runny Nose
Hypersensitivity Simultaneously in Ear canals
What are the mechanisms of disabling extrinsic control of heart?
Can Omega 3 Fatty Acids prevent chest pain in periodic Atrial Fibrillation?
What is the nature of action potentials in autonomic nervous system?
Can non-carbonated energy drinks boost alcohol intoxication?
What is the quality rate of intrinsic autoregulation in the heart?
Are Purkinje Action Potentials Neuronal and Cardiac?
How is Calcium regulated in myocardic AP and plateau phase?
The Origin of Mitochondria
What are some places where biofilms could develop?
Can brain cells move?
How are lesions in the RNA corrected?
In what sense is the &quot;histone code&quot; a code?
Need help in codon optimization
How do catalase and other antioxidants neutralize free radicals?
How does the body &quot;know&quot; how to metabolize foreign substances
I brought a hibernating yellow jacket queen into my house accidentally. What will happen?
Anatomy of nervous system&#39;s sensory pathways
Specific location where nerves converge
Cytochalasin B in cell movement
When did our ancestors switch to a menstrual cycle instead of the estrous cycle?
How much mechanical stress can a skeletal muscle bear?
Why do we have two of some organs, but not all?
Patch-Clamping Neurons Resources
Circular mRNA to produce long proteins
Where can I get numerical data for the PAR (photosynthetically active radiation) curve?
How important is the womb&#39;s environment?
Color perception vs shade perception demo
Downloading specific yeast genes in an automated manner?
About radiation therapy
Why doesn&#39;t Sanger (fluorescent) DNA sequencing double count nucleotides?
Download FunCat Database for Programmatic Access
What are the main principles of the Bacteriological Code?
Clustal Omega - convert from distance into # of substitutions
Are there viruses that affect cells across different species?
If two people look alike, is there probability that somewhere in their ancestry there was inter-breeding?
Speciation and Phylogeny of Lactobacillus
How does anxiety cause chest pain?
Why do some internal organs regenerate?
What does the empty space in the bamboo stem do?
B cell receptor editing
Double use of ATP in relaxing myosin &amp; active transportation of calcium?
What causes muscles to generate heat on contraction?
When are a female&#39;s eggs created?
How to Design an siRNA Experiment?
Why were dinosaurs not as smart as we are?
Does pupil size affect image focus in persons with no lens?
Potential to destroy viruses using prions?
Why should a tumor look like a crab?
Do blind people learn Braille equally fast as the sighted?
Blood type frequency given probability
How is DNA Read
Why are some vegetables/fruits seasonal?
Evolutionary chronology - if any, which species have evolved in the last 100 years
Action of Ebola Viruses
Do gibbons have a monogamous sexuality?
Are domesticated animals really &quot;more intelligent,&quot; or is that a myth/misunderstanding?
Mass spectrometry versus western blotting for validation
Why do humans hear better between 2kHz and 5kHz?
Sequencing rtPCR product
Is there a rule for the annotation of the basepair or gene locus origin in bacterial genomes?
Can dolphins actually communicate linguistically?
Can anyone identify this chrysalis? (Identified)
Hot water and bacteria
Alternatives to commercially available flow cytometric analysis software for use in cell cycle analysis?
Will gene mutations give rise to a protein that is shorter than the full length protein?
What is the name of this plant (see pic)?
Why do some people find vegetables so repellent when evolutionarily they should find them an attractive and thus tasty food?
What kind of microscope for ML/biological research?
Specialist evaluation for people aged under 40 years with stage 1 hypertension
positive and negative feedback
Skin porosity in glans penis when erect
How is membrane capacitance related to the increased speed of saltatory conduction?
Long term storage of agarose-ethidium bromide gels that have already been cast
fastq-dump using mkfifo to stream data
Did Darwin ever reach the conclusion that selection will remove variation?
Action potential changes in low sodium concentrations but constant osmotic pressure
Evolution: One big population vs. many small populations
How do I import FASTA files into Haploview?
Can human brain memory be removed by EMP?
Deciduous trees in tropical rainforest
What is the purpose of segments in citrus fruit?
Ni-NTA purification, problem with the chaperone protein
What is the science behind the inaccurate perception of colors?
Persistency of botulinum toxin in environment
Is there any evolutionary advantage of selection of L-amino acid over D-amino acid?
RNA seq and using of Poly(A) or non-Poly(A) based amplification of RNA
What is the biggest facultative anaerobic metazoan known to science?
How do PER/CRY complexes accumulate in the cytoplasm?
Are the Chromosomes organized in any meaningful way?
STRING ID - allelic differences and splice variants
Are there baby drinks closer to breast-milk?
Are transgenders born physically different from others?
What percentage of the (additive or not) genetic variance is explained by the &#39;n&#39;- most important loci?
Additive genetic variance components from LMER in R
Satisfication with irrelevant things
Spironolactone&#39;s role with adrenergic agents in heart failure?
Can a tumor produce something not currently found in our own bodies?
Is it possible for any animals today to have more than one brain?
On which strand does the promoter sit?
Why are irises unique?
Regarding tumors and their developement
Names of nerves in hands, shins and face
Can a single axon propagate multiple simultaneous action potentials?
Is our color vision calibrated to sky, vegetation, and blood?
Spinal cord injury bypass
What&#39;s the difference between Ki and IC50?
What&#39;s the biggest obligate anaerobic organism discovered till now?
Regarding cellular self-destruction
Binding of Multivalent Antibody to mutiple epitopes?
Software for counting fly eggs
What are the common methods to estimate additive genetic variance?
How do I get recombinant proteins into the nucleus of mammal cells?
Can I drink warm/hot tap water?
How does an axon &quot;know&quot; it&#39;s not connecting to its own neuron?
Nerves, Neurons, Axons and Dendrites by Example
How can I purify RNA after gel electrophoresis to remove residual acrylamide?
Why are urban birds still scared of humans?
How could be the &quot;Eurasian magpie&quot; bird won the &quot;Mirror Test&quot; where Gorillas failed
Why not use non-visual self-recognition to test for consciousness in an organism?
How does anadromous fish physiology &quot;know&quot; to switch from salt to freshwater and back?
How to validate the regulatory interactions inferred from gene expression data?
Physiologically, how can stress/anxiety cause neuropathy?
What is the evolutionary purpose of white spots in nails and how can they be characterised due to Leukonychia?
Is it possible to dock multiple ligands with the target?
What is the definition of a stringent/relaxed plasmid?
Can signals travel &quot;backwards&quot; in the sensory pathway?
X chromosome &quot;weight&quot;?
Do distinctions between dry, tickly and chesty coughs have any medical basis?
Use cases of RNA secondary structure prediction
Cells scatter light in solution. Do they refract?
Western blotting with multiple antibodies
What is Environmental Robustness? Is it different from plasticity?
What does &#39;pedigree information&#39; mean?
Why do the major and minor groove exist in DNA?
Would humans eventually evolve to fight off fatal diseases if we didn&#39;t treat/vaccinate for them?
Why don&#39;t McDonald&#39;s fries decompose?
Would blue light be effective to help average people when sunsets come much earlier in the day?
Statistical method for characterizing the relationship between body mass and metabolic rate
Native vs Immigrant plants
Why does anxiety cause diarrhea or constipation?
How is evolution possible in contemporary humans?
Why does weight loss lower blood pressure?
Why is the Krebs cycle considered a part of aerobic metabolism if molecular oxygen is not involved in any of the reactions in the cycle
How many cells are there in the apical meristematic tissue?
Mammal body density
5,6-dihydrouracil and 5,6-dihydroxyuracil - how they arise in DNA?
Do plants have preference for the form of nitrogen as nutrient?
How to search for organisms by criteria such as growth substrate and overflow metabolites?
Speciation of humans?
Extreme examples of protein translation/use coupling/decoupling?
Number of transcription factor genes in the human genome
Long-term effects of antihistamines on mind and CNS
How are bones growing, if bones are not connected to the brain?
What causes feeling of feet falling asleep to be delayed?
Why do we still have genetic disorders that show anticipation?
How are arms different than legs?
Body size, what are the evolutionary trade-offs?
What governs the size of animal bodies?
Studying effects of alcohol on cells
What evolutionary adaptations cause trees to grow tall?
Can plants directly use sulfuric acid?
Does DNA analysis allow determining amount of chromosomes?
Why do small fonts strain the eyes?
Bug Identification: Is this small tubular, black bug a bed bug?
Maximum heart rate increase/decrease while physically active
Can rapid eye blinking induce epileptic seizures?
Do T-cells express MHC molecules?
Is there a PSI-BLAST for nucleotide sequences?
Why is fructose not glucose the main energy source of sperm?
More variation in proteins than genes. Why?
How can site-directed mutagenesis be used to suppress the production of anti-antibodies?
Anti-antibodies for preventing transplant rejection
How was the cama&#39;s life expectancy computed?
Differential Scanning Calorimetry for bacterial membranes
What is the cause of muscle cramps?
Fatty Acid Synthesis of Fats Longs than 16 C
How to attract spiders to my house?
Inbreeding depression and dominance
Resource for finding Repressive/Inhibitory factors for a given gene?
Effect of Western chicken and GH
How can fresh cavities form at the margins of sliver amalgam fillings on teeth?
Can juice have a higher sugar content after packaging?
How is satiety measured?
Can swallowed fingermails, hair, or skin get caught in your appendix?
Western blot alternatives
DIY extraction and long term storage of human DNA sample?
Are there specific features of birds that cats/small predators are attracted to?
Why does K+ have more concentration inside of the cell compared to outside of the cell? Why is Na+ and Cl- the opposite?
Why estimate linear and full (linear, quadratic, and correlational) selection coefficients separately?
Can an influenza virus carry other infectors with it?
Would my hands sweat this much if I wasn&#39;t wearing gloves?
What is the difference between &quot;lineage restriction&quot; and &quot;differentiated&quot; in terms of stem cell biology
Can cats use ketone bodies as only source of energy?
Why does DNA have its name?
Do voltage-gated calcium channels affect neuronal conduction speeds?
Why is uracil used in RNA rather than thymine?
Would biotechnology in agriculture actually decrease biodiversity, as many people say? Does it have to?
How to inhibit formation of specific antibodies (to antisera)?
What is the efficacy of Pertussis booster vaccine among different age groups?
Is there any kind of immortality in plants?
Does our brain really &quot;flip&quot; images perceived by our eyes?
Public Pacemaker database online?
Hydrophobia Outside of Rabies?
Should I dilute DNA with water or elution buffer?
Why do we have to exhale (or inhale) in order to speak?
Why does the stability of YAC increase with size?
sex limited genome transmission
What is meant by &quot;genes involved in the stress response&quot;?
Cigarette consumption dose-response function WRT health outcomes
Are there any examples where &#39;magic bullet&#39; drugs have worked in cancer treatment?
How does air-liquid interface (ALI) culture work?
Terrestrial Vertebrate Limbs
Why don&#39;t mammals have more than 4 limbs?
Reformulation of Hamilton&#39;s rule
What is the appropriate blender speed to maximize nutrition and digestion of fruits and vegetables?
Are more animal species edible than plants?
How does Natural Selection shape Genetic Variation?
Is sexual selection evolutionarily advantageous?
Amphibian blood circulation
Does a presence of ants on a plant mean that the plant has been infested by aphids?
How was the resemblance between apes and humans explained in pre-Darwinian biology?
What&#39;s the more abundant biopolymer: chitin or (ligno)cellulose?
Deeper Learning in Physiology?
What percent of the population has some form of synesthesia?
Does physical exercise following lack of sleep increase the risk of sudden cardiac death (SCD)?
Is this a carpenter ant?
NaCl role in CTAB - DNA complex in DNA extraction
Does Blood Loss Shorten Telomeres?
Can a human acquire a memory of an animal?
Increasing/decreasing signal intensity in Western blotting
How long does it take for a cricket to die at subzero temperatures?
PCR cycle problem
Neuron Growth and Regeneration
Why Is The Toughness Of Skin Different On Different Parts Of The Body?
To measure potentials of peripheral nervous system
Can a cell culture insert plate be used with a vacuum manifold?
Why does the &#39;Positive-inside Rule&#39; exist?
What&#39;s the mechanism of action of Levomepromazine&#39;s analgesic effects?
Differences in Karr cell model and E-Cell
How to make sure a stem cell culture is cancer free?
How does the cornea breathe during sleep?
Is &quot;Cisternal Twins&quot; an actual classification of twin types and if so, describe it
Do memories have mass?
Why should plants transform glucose into sucrose before transporting it to other parts?
Carrying or packaging capacity of SAD B19 dG rabies virus
Glutamine analysis
Which classes of drugs (filed by their pharmacology) induce a release of β-endorphin?
What is phenotyping of blood during transfusion process?
Does a bird know it&#39;s different?
Rosetta strain with chaperones for protein expression?
Which three functional groups are found in the general structure of amino acids?
Biopython error
how to re-sequence a few Mb of genomic sequences?
Effect of closed eyes on balance?
What&#39;s up with all the vague protocols?
Ebola immunosupression and infection
Can a rotten egg actually hatches to a real life?
PCR directly on DNA binds to Ampure XP
What is the best way to perform ultra-deep targeted sequencing of few samples?
How does the eye know whether to focus further out or nearer in order to bring a blurry object into focus?
Examples of genes involved in plastic responses
how to get truseq&#39;s gel size selection when preparing libraries for exome enrichment?
Like size and colour constancy, why does the brain not maintain focus constancy?
Separation of closely-sized isoforms
Domains in cell membrane
Are there any online resources one can use to access raw clinical trial data without having to contact those involved in the study?
Intro Bio question: dihybrid punnet square
General time reversible model of evolution and Felsenstein model
Is eating cooked food an evolved behavior or rather an intelligent one, passed down via culture?
How does a multicellular, eukaryotic body treat heat-resistant pathogenic bacteria?
Why does some skin hold perfume longer than others
Is a single x-ray photon capable of doing enough damage to the DNA of a cell to kill that cell?
Why can&#39;t people talk while inhaling?
What makes DNA sticky-ends sticky?
What is the scientific opinion on plus lens therapy?
To define the total Resistance of Systemic Blood Circulation
Clonidine&#39;s adrenonergic nature?
Fast standing and the heart&#39;s insufficient accommodation of the increased venous return
Why does methylation not occur in viral DNA?
Possibility of Human cloning
What causes a polypeptide to fold into an Alpha helix over a Beta pleated sheet
Do invasive species survive in the long run?
Modified Mendelian Ratios Problem
What is the distance between the 3&#39; 18s rRNA (the Kozak consensus sequence) and the A-site of eukaryotic ribosomes during protein translation?
How significant is RNA degradation with removal of cap/polyA&#39;s in eukaryotes, or UTR&#39;s in prokaryotes?
Degenerate primer design for DIG in situ hybridization
A few questions regarding immunology
To understand synthesis of e-NOS and n-NOS with respect to Ca and calmodulin
Low copy numbers of plasmids
Does amylolysis occur in vegetables if stored below 0⁰ Celsius?
Energy flow in an ecosystem
Fusion of neuron with a S phase cell
Duration of selection and survival of the fittest
If my brain lost all of its activity for a moment, would my memory be gone too?
Anesthetics, specifically inhaled anesthetics
What roles do cyclooxygenase, lipoxygenase, and epoxygenase have in signal transduction?
What are limitations on the number of objects the eye determine at a glance?
(how) is it possible to choose the biological sex of a child?
How do you accurately measure anguiliform (eel) locomotion?
If gene differs between chromosome pair does individual get a mixture of protein shapes?
Purifying a linear plasmid after restriction digest?
Are ipratropium and tolterodine parasympatholytic?
PSI-BLAST website algorithm parameters
What does &quot;chlorophyll photosynthesis peak&quot; mean in relation to photon wavelength?
How to evolutionary explain menstrural cycles synchronization?
Can the human eye distinguish colors in the periphery?
Differentiation of norepinephrine and epinephrine in indications
Is human vision sensitive to frequency or wavelength?
How many centrioles/basal bodies are there in multi-ciliated cells throughout the cell cycle?
Theranos blood test&#39;s Specificity and Accuracy?
Molds and fungi usually found on book pages: identifying and preventing further spread
Determining break/border of movement
How was birth control realized in ancient days?
Is there an online gene library?
Presence of MHC on red blood cells
Is there a stem cell/ biogel method exist for muscle and tendon lengthening?
How does Humira work when injected into patients with rheumatoid arthritis?
Amino acid characteristics that determine their chemical properties?
How can Pyridostigmine have the indication of Myasthenia?
Identical twins&#39; biological sexes
allogeneic organ transplant and the immune response
Sodium levels and blood pressure
Do human cells contain only one copy of the genome?
Classification of degree of infested areas by pine processionary moth on regions
Ribosomal Turing Machines, DNA/RNA computation
Why do physicians try to match HLA complexes for organ transplant?
Where can I upload non-human Genotype data?
Kinesin-5 / cytoplasmic dynein spatial density distribution in neurons
How does anger relate to blood pressure?
What is the difference between tonic and phasic firing?
What mechanism prevent Colchicum Autumnale from being affected by Colchicine
Reusable microarray chips
Cloning a gene of an organism with an nonsequenced genome
Problem on number of amino acids that an alien can use
How is incomplete dominance different from codominance?
List of Asymmetric Animals
Suggestions for self-studying experimental techniques
human anti-mouse antibody
How to visualize the ECM?
What causes fingerprints to form and why is the pattern formed unique?
Why only female mammals have well developed mammary glands?
What is the charge on oligonucleotide 5&#39; pGpGpApCpT 3&#39; at pH 7.00?
To understand side-effects for nebivolol&#39;s beta1 selective pathway in PubChem?
How to manage fat-gluten oxidation in celiac disease?
More vectors for inducing neurodegeneration (reduction in synaptic plasticity) in D.melanogaster
How common is complete heterochromia?
Do any birds beside the family Columbidae (or any reptile or mammal) feed their young &quot;Crop Milk&quot;
Modeling intracellular interactions between sender and receiver bacteria
Has anyone used Crispr/Cas to induce a knock-in in MEF cells?
Mouse meta-globin mRNA problem
Are there any mammals whose males can feed with milk?
Flicker fusion threshold for insect eyes
Can the same protein be represented by primary,secondary,tertiary structure?
Why do humans have only two nipples?
Change in synthesis rate of a molecule changes equilibrium concentration
T-cells Question
What is the mechanism of action of lithium-induced polyuria?
What initiates primase to add an RNA primer to a DNA strand and what makes it stop?
Applying Constraint Programming to sequence alignment/analysis
Does THC excretion increase if urine volume increases?
Why are cats attracted to catnip?
Crude oil contamination hazard
After vasectomy, where does the sperm go?
How do gory images lead to nausea?
Why the scent of mouth gets dirty after not eating for a long time?
Why does hair thicken and become more rough after a razor shave but not after one using a trimmer?
Is there any research on how accurately people can follow a beat?
Henrietta Lacks and HeLa cells
What is actually systematics? What is the difference between it &amp; taxonomy?
How are lysosomes formed?
Optimization of E. coli growth in D₂O (heavy water)
How Circumcision could reduce the chance for a HIV infection?
Ways to measure effectiveness of a gene therapy trial?
Is recognizing one&#39;s own mirror reflection a valid test of animal intelligence/self awareness?
Viral Mutation Mechanism
Mechanism of Muscle Growth
Regarding the apoptosis mechanisms in cells and cancer
What is the exact chemical composition of human body?
What can myelination tell you about the evolution of sensory receptors?
What is different between the pigment of giraffes and the pigment of flowers?
Restriction Mapping - Homework question
How to do an alanine scan using Rosetta?
Do SSRIs downregulate or upregulate the 5-HT3 receptor?
To Study Interactions of two molecules in PubChem
Are there any similarities in the DNA of a humans and animals?
Why do Sorghum Bicolor leaves roll up?
Has it been enough time for evolution through simple natural selection?
Why merkel cells are innervated by axon and not by dendrite end?
What is it called when one human eye is seeing brighter color than the other?
PCR processes number of amplicons produced
Bigger animals needs bigger amount of oxygen?
Is Norepinephrine beta2 adrenomimetic?
Salbutamol&#39;s Pathways of Interaction and Classification
How can oxygen production during photosynthesis be measured?
What are possible reasons for a DNA template not giving amplification?
What makes the amide bond the lowest energy pathway?
Can different strains of Rhizobium share an infection thread or symbiosome?
What&#39;s the composition of Actinobacteria&#39;s hyphae?
How can natural selection occur at species level whilst not occuring at the individual level?
In males, why it is difficult to control orgasm?
RNAs arising from intergenic regions
Ephedrine or pseudoephedrine indirectly central alpha2 mimetic?
Can an organism process H₂O into H₂O₂?
To what extent is immature eggs in insects (beetles) a good approximation for maximum fecundity?
Why do the ants eat cockroaches&#39; head first?
DNA polymerase I exonuclease activity
MHC-I presentation during infection
Any benefit to low dose radiation?
Sensory adaptation regarding smell and hearing
Do &quot;Giraffe Weevil&quot; males build Nests
Interpretation of graph from evolutionary biology
What is &#39;independent assortment&#39;?
Why cytotoxic T cells don&#39;t kill dendritic cells when they present antigen?
Providing small molecules to cells on a filter plate
Is Zeiss Primo Start microscope worth the price for student use?
Among xerophyte plants, which one grow faster and consume water the least?
What is the difference between rheobase and threshold?
Why does A pair with T and G with C?
Exact location of E. coli in human body
Large scale reverse transcription?
Plotting metabolic networks?
Substrate specificities of GPPS, FPPS and GGPPS (isoprenoid biosynthesis enzymes)
Why is it better to drink room temperature water instead of cold water?
Like other animals, why humans don&#39;t have species &amp; breeds?
Bird identification
Could we transmit smells electronically?
Is there an association between environmental and mutational robustness?
ECG of heart transplant patients
Counting the number of hydrogen bonds of multiple PDB files
What is possibly wrong in my gel electrophoresis when I didn&#39;t see bands of DNA ladder on gel?
Function of Vermiform Appendix
How to compare a camera and an eye
Ants eating bark
Looking for a gene in my raw genetic data. What are the possible causes for this?
If human eyes watch an area, what&#39;s the shape of its capturing shape? Rectangular? Half spherical?
Cross section of actin network in neurites
Linkage disequilibrium with multiple alleles and loci
Why are there no tree-like plants that grow in lakes?
Quetiapine tolerance
Why do people and animals stretch out their bodies and what is causing this behaviour?
Publicly available resources for learning metagenomics
Are bees positively phototropic
C.elegans and antioxidants
Testing monophyly from per site log-likelihoods without optimising branch lengths
What&#39;s the max speed that humans could run?
Why we do not use RNAi to control ebola?
Time for rigor mortis to set in
Why is the DNA codon table &quot;equal&quot; to the RNA codon table
Do the phage repressors CI and Mnt exhibit crosstalk?
What are parental antagonism &amp; parental conflict?
Why do chameleons move back and forth?
What type of insect is this?
What is this insect I found in Russia?
Why do humans have irregular teeth and impacting wisdom teeth?
Why do plants fruit?
Why can you not tickle yourself?
Is excessive hydration a risk factor for cancer in humans?
Why does a cockroach not die even after decapitation?
Pollinator mating system in orchids
Phage base Biosensor
What are some difficulties animals had to overcome to reproduce on land?
What are the &quot;stars&quot; we see after a bump on the head?
Why does sex last so long?
Does prolonged exposure to low pitch but low volume noise affect hearing or stress?
Can Anyone Identify This Bug
Safe level of chlorine in water
Which virus capsids consist of only one type of capsid protein?
Are there organisms that have incorporated plastic into their lives?
Are there any known mutual symbiotic relationships that has more than two agents?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of being ambidextrous?
Calculating number of amino acids in mRNA
During bridge amplification of DNA sequences, why aren&#39;t sequences amplified in both orientations?
Why did many odd-toed ungulates become extinct?
The suspended cat clavicle
Any relevant knowledge/studies about voluntary goose bumps
How did birds survive the KT impact?
Does the Peptide bond produce water in our organism?
Is pork poisonous?
How to identify genes required for biofilm formation
Effect of recombination on the rate of loss of genetic variation
Can human organs be transplanted indefinitely?
Identify the pink mold infecting refrigerated lemons
Can we determine a person&#39;s age by dating methods or other means?
Human longevity interventions ranked by effectiveness
small RNA bioanalyzer traces showing miRNA enrichment for sRNA-seq
Will genetically modified food affect our health?
Why are there no marine birds?
Predictive Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms (SNPs) for Bipolar Disorder
How does rate of evolution/innovation scale with population size?
What proportion of salt in water would make it not dehydrate nor hydrate someone?
What is the biological basis of &quot;energy&quot; that extraverted humans draw from social engagements and introverts expend?
At which temperature is the Tick-Borne Encephalitis Virus destroyed?
Are fatty acids and glycerol lipids?
what the best E-value cutoff in the miRNA homology search
Do all Gram negative bacteria cause septic shock?
Can we directly stimulate M cones in retina with current technology?
How to determine externally that a whale is a mammal?
What are the disadvantages of forbidding flights to and from the African Ebola region?
which exact mechanism triggers the first cell differentiation after n divisions?
Why do mammalian red blood cells lack a nucleus?
Rosemary room temperature at winter
Why was the Davson-Danielli model rejected?
Do wolves bury food like dogs?
Is there a command line molecular cloning tool?
How does proximal centriole of human sperm function?
Why do we need red blood cells?
Which sex has higher variance of reproductive rate in modern societies - male or females?
Loss in DNA band size extracted from polyacrylamide gel
When writing about past research should I use the species name they employed or the modern version?
Are brain cells replaced over time?
Why are different lengths of nucleotides taken for structure prediction from an miRNA match area after BLAST analysis?
How to inactivate trypsin permanently by boiling?
Does myopia tend to decrease the risk for later hyperopia?
regarding genetic disorders related to protein production
Can inverted microscope also be phase contrast microscope?
What are the physiological roles of Hydrogen sulfide?
Can human survive falling from 30,000 ft without a chute?
Does sour food cause sweating?
How can eyeglasses improve vision beyond 100%?
Why is drug clearance not affected by blood flow in case of low extraction ratios?
Can one use a hemocytometer on a compound upright microscope?
How to prepare sample for SDS PAGE?
How does the body really react to exposure to the vacuum of space?
Do mosquito repellent sprays work on all insects?
What is this bizarre in-growth in this red bell pepper?
What&#39;s the duration between the binding of adrenaline to β-AR and the first translated protein?
When birds fly in V-formation, how is it decided which bird gets to be the &#39;lead bird&#39;?
Basic question about multiplex PCR
Why would an Eadie-Hofstee Plot be non-linear?
How hot can a beverage get without burning the tongue?
Why does a pacemaker have a negative pulse?
Resource for finding what proteins bind?
Which agricultural crops attract rodents?
Find protein homologs with BLASTp
Apoptosis vs necroptosis
Clarification on BMI formula
Difference between thylakoids and lamellae in a chloroplast?
Book Recommendations: GRE Subject Test In Biochemistry, Cell And Molecular Biology
What are the features on a microscope one needs in order to do lab work?
What is the most common way of administering loop diuretics and what is their time course of action?
What are some of the general characteristics of the DH5 alpha strain?
Pink E.coli cell pellet. Reasons?
Is it possible to genetically modify a plant at home?
Gene Sequencing and Plasmapper
Is genetic drift necessarily deleterious?
Will eukaryotic RNA fold in the same way in prokaryotes?
enzymes that stabilize DNA loops
Need to make a library of mammalian coding sequences
Recombination frequency as a function of genomic location in E coli?
Paralogous genes in genome-wide association studies?
Does muscle get bigger by increase in size of individual cells or increase in number?
How small does a nanobot have to be to &quot;swim through the brain&quot; and access any neuron it wants to?
Slicing cell cultures frozen in vitrified ice with a laser for CryoEM
Centriole genes Knock-out Experiment in Common experimental animals?
Ripening bananas artificially: What is the biological reason
How does a person get AIDS?
Where do I purchase a fly with the collagen tagged?
Do human visual functions degenerate due to genetic factors or by external factors?
Is the nuclear envelope present in G1 of interphase?
Confusion over role of current/potential in Nervous system?
How to translate a blood type used in Eastern Europe?
human immune system
Comparative leg sizes
What is the fastest way to build an alanine scanning library?
poor RNA quality from zebrafish embryos
Does vitamin D form crystals in the blood with calcium and magnesium?
Why was it so hard to decode the corn genome?
Pancretic Acinar Cell - ATP, calcium concentration data
Is there a difference between polarity and hydrophobicity?
How does the cell regulate different metabolic pathways?
Need of X or Y chromosome protein after meiosis
How to separate peptide on SDS PAGE?
Do hairs in the ear respond to things like shampoo?
Was the mitochondrion or chloroplast first?
How can I get brighter DNA bands?
Ambidexterity Advantages and Disadvantages?
Which is better against genetic mutations? Asexual or Sexual Reproduction?
Do ants feel pain?
Confusion regarding niches in evolution theory
What kind of animal can do this?
Why don&#39;t fish groom each other?
What is the mechanism responsible for the &#39;delay&#39; in delayed rectifier potassium channels?
How do fish communicate?
Importance of Double Helix DNA Structure
Why vivipary is not found in all mangrove plants?
Why does the oxygen produced in the photosynthesis come from water and not CO$_2$?
(Updated question) Problem with Fold-change mean compared to absolute data (in qPCR)
What to look for when buying a light microscope?
Will an 11W UVC lamp kill bacteria?
Endemic plant families on islands?
Regarding cancer cells and telomeres
Word denoting genetic state
Searching for comprehensive textbook
What are the rules for plasmid names?
Do metastatic cells still have their parent&#39;s identity?
How are amino acids neutral at physiological pH?
Photosynthesis: Splitting Water
Question about what the liver does NOT do
Can cracking fingers cause Arthritis?
Tumour resistance: single-cell or population effect?
How do insects survive the winter?
Parazoa as part of sewage plant
Hoechst or DAPI for nuclear staining?
How do marine mammals control buoyancy?
A website for identifying birds
Why is the threshold between human embryo and human fetus defined as 8 weeks after fertilization?
What does it mean for the signals for transcription and translation to be &quot;conserved&quot;?
How does protein denaturation work?
Is the poison from Stink Bugs dangerous?
Where does crop biomass come from?
Relieving pain by massage
What could live inside a pillow?
Does eating bananas help digestion?
Imperfect dosage compensation
Animal swimming styles
What is the common diet of food-related IBS patients? Besides most patients being lactose intolerant, what other intolerances do they face?
What are the costs associated with carrying lots of genetic material
Insects or Birds covering least distance but most wing moves
Results of a complete DNA sequencing - are they 100% reusable?
What are the psychedelic effects of (stellar) anise and how many people are affected?
A subtle test for color-blindness
Why is LH level much higher than FSH level at ovulation?
Is there a period after you have had a cold when you cannot get a cold again?
Need for two oxygen sensors in E. coli
How do diving marine mammals avoid decompression sickness?
Double mutant analysis with null mutants
Drake&#39;s Law. What is the genome-wide mutation rate and what are the estimates?
Why is there a difference in the rotation of the tail fin in fish compared to marine mammals?
Why does caffeine give you so much energy, while being so low on calories?
Can you build muscles from watching point of view videos of people weightlifting?
What is the difference between embryology and developmental biology?
Is there biological evidence for self-awareness in animals?
Food allergen-related skin reactions and intestinal inflammation?
Cells with no apoptosis mechanism and their &#39;byproducts&#39;
Why did humans lose their fur?
Is there are practical lower limit to gene length in E. coli?
Heterochromatin production limitations
What are differences between formation of embryonic disc in chick and mammal embryo?
Are all single-celled organisms Bacteria?
Tracking of oxygen molecules in glucose oxidation
Why are the genomes of some trees so large?
What is the mechanism behind ventilatory acclimatization?
Evidence &amp; discussions of hard polytomy
Fermentation to acetic acid
Ultra Pasteurization and Pasteurization
What information can Uniprot give me about phosphorylated forms of proteins?
Do the eyes play any role in producing the visual experiences you have during dreaming?
Would constant light or fading light be registered as more wakefulness promoting by the Supra Chiasmatic Nucleus?
Does the tannin level in plants go down or up after they die? Or does the tannin level stay the same regardless?
Why is mammal coloration so dull?
Hardy Weinberg problem help!
Book suggestion on computational molecular evolution
How do I calculate the change in allele frequency in a haploid population under selection?
What is the minimum population size that Hardy-Weinberg calculations can be applied to?
Hill-Roberston effects and effective population size
Do men have a higher genetic variance than women?
Why is the strength of genetic drift inversely proportional to the population size?
How do prokaryotes perform cellular respiration without membrane-bound organelles?
Can forensic DNA analysis be used to generate a visual approximation of a suspect?
Can a carnivorous animal consume plants with no adverse effects?
How is photosynthesis observed?
Why the name coined for MARKUP LANGUAGE for SBML?
Dawn simulation - does color change affect waking up?
Synthesis of immunoglobulin Fab fragments: Where can I learn about Fab?
How reversible is DAT upregulation from long-term ADHD medication use?
Phospholipid movement in cell membranes
Reasons why people say that AIDS/HIV doesn&#39;t exist
Effect of flask position in shaking incubator affects growth kinetics
Does sociality evolved before or after the ability of motility?
Does our nose detect only if there is change in odor?
How the conjunctivitis virus spread just by seeing a person&#39;s eye who is infected
Physiological function of CFTR gene product?
What bird species is this? (Heron-like waterfowl from China)
Any databases with AAMI ECG and ECHO?
Which came first: The Chicken or the Egg?
Connect the inner and outer space of cell with a wire, will there be electricity?
Are there any effects of elevated Cysteine levels on cognitive function?
In which way would the yeast cell cope with the excess amount of methionine in the growth media? 
What is the reaction mechanism of dopamine hydroxylase converting dopamine to norepinephrine?
What is the length of anaerobic biodigestion stages?
What is a coupled reaction and why do cells couple reactions?
Is wiping with RNAse Zap enough to destroy RNAse activity?
Why do grapes not shrink when placed in strong sugar solution?
Pathway mediates nitroglycerin-induced relief from angina pectoris
Why 22 amino acids instead of 64?
NMR spectroscopy detection methods for proteins
How do kidney cells excrete their own wastes?
Why haven&#39;t land animals evolved beyond urination?
What Biology topics are linked to the Nitrogen Cycle?
Ill effects of urea and NH₃ on metabolism
Why is Cysteine and Tyrosine used to calculate a sequence isoelectric point?
Is this a valid definition of independent assortment?
How can histidine be classified both as positively charged and hydrophobic?
What are non-heritable changes to genomes?
What impacts penetrance of Huntington&#39;s disease?
Cells &quot;grown in LB broth to an OD600nm&quot;
Does eating antacid (such as Magnesia) before meal have any impact on digestion?
Why do I feel funny in my tummy when riding a virtual roller coaster?
What is the progressive evolutionary advantage that leads to flying?
What is the difference between a phosphotransferase, a phosphatase, a phosphorylase and a kinase?
XXY (Klinefelter&#39;s) &amp; Trisomy 21 &amp; X-inactivation
What are the structual differences between DNA and RNA?
Book recommended for neurobiology
The gender of offspring of Twins?
Does &quot;Garbage Enzyme cleaner&quot; contain cleaning enzymes?
Does too much Genetical Modification leads to formation of new species?
Mechanisms of extracellular stimulation of neurons
Could transfusion of a different blood type cure blood-based cancers?
what is the role of ctab in plant dna extraction
Why are there species instead of a continuum of various animals?
Functions of the CFTR gene?
What is the H+ gradient in mitochondria?
What accounts for diversity in species?
Are fish and reptilian scales homologous?
Bacterial Cell Problem
For how long can a raven stay airborne (a week or more)?
Which part of the brain needs to be shut down to lose conciousness?
How are our senses dimmed during sleep?
Why would yeast grow but not produce alcohol?
Is the Hypothalamus part of the Central Nervous System or Endocrine System
How exactly can dsRNA be introduced to a cell?
Where do migratory birds go when it rains?
If hermaphrodite C. elegans can reproduce with females?
Hamming distance between two DNA strings
Is it possible to simulate the effects of high altitudes for plants?
Why does replication require primers while transcription does not?
What does 5&#39; and 3&#39; mean in DNA and RNA strands?
Epitope annotated protein
How do the quantities of ATP formed during aerobic and anaerobic respiration compare?
Redundancy of the genetic code
Does trypsin strip flask coating?
Can connections between neurons be weakened?
Are neural connections one-way?
How can I label cryotubes in a way that eliminates the problem of legible hand-writing?
Why Do Nerve Signals Get Crossed?
Earliest and latest onset of Huntington&#39;s Disease(Chorea)?
Sequencing a specific region of a genome
DNA methylation on the forward vs reverse strand?
How is it possible to even hope for an ebola epidemic of this current size to remain contained to a relatively small part of Africa?
To what extent is Ebola airborne? (aerosols)
How long does the Ebola virus remain infectious on contaminated items or surfaces?
Is ebola non-contagious until symptoms appear? Why?
How does the ebola virus attack?
What are the reactions in the body that triggers dizziness after cigar(nicotine) smoking in non-smokers?
The biology behind tree pruning and hedge trimming
Is the quality of sleep dependent on sleep duration?
Fate of erythrocytes after splenectomy
Nature Scientific Reports vs. BMC Genomics
What controls gut motility?
Gastroenteritis virus causing mutation of the Enterochromaffin cells
Please help me to identify this red worm
Hardy Weinberg Equilibrium after 5 Generations
How did aquatic dinosaurs go extinct?
What are the risks of elevating the legs too regularly and when tired?
Can a human cell live indefinetely in a controlled environment?
Are added yogurt cultures harmful to the gut?
How is Microenvironment strictly defined?
Do male animals visually perceive females as more/less attractive?
What about a bat&#39;s immune system protects them from Ebola?
Are all functions of a human cell known?
What does the root &quot;phyllum&quot; mean used botanical binomial nomenclature
Can the negative afterimage appear only if there is light or is it possible in darkness?
Is viral protein expression important for peptide vaccine?
What kind of technology is required for plant seed DNA printing?
Ideal lab glassware cleaner for molecular biologist
What enables azacitidine to incorporate into both DNA and RNA?
Concentration of caffeine in physiologically relevant setting
What is the name of this plant with many purple blooms with orange inner parts?
How prominent is the gene-centric view of evolution among professional researchers?
How do ants transport water?
More extreme phenotypes when parents are from diverged populations
Physiology of benign eye twitching?
How non-invasive blood glucose concentration measurement work?
How non-invasive blood glucose concentration measurement work?
Pipetting damage on cells
Is there any complex organism that is both autotroph and heterotroph?
Found a larva in my broccoli, is it a Small White (Pieris rapae)?
Can Hepatitis be caused by Bacteria?
Niche differentiation in birds of prey
Do you produce more sperm after 1 week of abstinence vs 1 year of abstinence
What are the sources of energy that alcohol provides?
Are there birds with knees instead of elbows?
Using Canonical Correspondence Analysis on matrices with missing data
Can you find malaria parasites in saliva?
What is this beetle? Found in heather in snowdonia
What is the difference between eugenics and evolution by natural selection?
Difference between medicinal caffeine and regular caffeine
HIV and effectiveness of inhibitor cocktail over single inhibitor
Forum on synthetic biology and hypothetical biology?
Shortest strings not present in the human genome
Can &quot;human exclusion zones&quot; in national parks for preserving Wolves and Grizzlies be a good idea?
How reactive are reduced antioxidant molecules?
Why are the largest land/air animals today smaller than in the Mesozoic?
Burning fat transferred from one part of the body to another
Is there any research paper which identifies left and right brained behavior?
Alkaline Phosphatase
What could cause hairs to gray at the tips but not the roots?
Are there any scientifically based predictions or theories of future human evolution?
Are there any strictly chloroplast/mitochondrion-residing ribozymes?
Is there a maximum size for an insect?
Dead skin cell decomposition
What is the difference between the basal membrane and the basal lamina?
How can I compare the STRIDE and DSSP output files of a particular pdb file?
Is the activity of enzymes in the human body affected by the outer temperature?
Why is the vermis of the cerebellum associated with speech?
Are triglycerides fat?
Help me understand my membrane potential assignment
Which organs in the body are responsible for measuring temperature?
How do you increase eumelanin but not pheomelanin?
What determines the thickness of Cornea?
Vaccination and population dynamics of an epidemic
How to convert nanogram to picomole?
What is the mechanism of reflex arcs?
How does high-fidelity of DNA replication depend on the formation of hydrogen bonds?
What is the name of the critter depicted in the attached image?
Lateral corticospinal tract and termination
What kind of fly is this?
Are there multicellular isogamous species?
Simulating substitution rate of neutral mutations
Does adding milk to cereal make it harder for our body to absorb the vitamins and minerals from the cereal?
Why do we like salt?
Alternatives to trypsin for cell detachment?
Which immunosuppression caused by long-term usage of these antibiotics in untreated celiac disease?
How does non-homologous end joining (NHEJ) work?
About the plight of Elephants and efforts to conserve them?
Why isn&#39;t vomit corrosive?
How are chickens affected by light?
A good introductory book to histology?
What are the genus and species name of different breeds of dog?
Problems understanding membrane potential
How do the pharmacodynamics of the NSAIDs differ and are there &quot;resistant&quot; COX phenotypes?
Nystagmus drug FDA approval?
peptide MHC microarray
Regarding benign tumors and what &#39;stops&#39; them
Does cooking or ripening reduce the concentration of solanine in nightshade?
Why is gynodioecy common and androdioecy rare?
The evolutionary process in bird wings, especially with regard to winglets
Why do humans bury their dead?
Somatic Mutations in meristem tissue in plants
Ancestral states of sex determination system
Are there any multicellular forms of life which exist without consuming other forms of life in some manner?
Understanding the meaning of $s$ and $t$ in a population genetics equation
Does DNA replication in 5&#39; to 3&#39; (leading strand) need RNA primase?
Are Asian people shorter than Europeans?
Book-recommendation: Biochemistry
Exon skipping in mammals
Understanding intra and extracelullar concentrations (membrane potential)
What insect is this on the photos?
Ebola: cleaning of protective suit
Why do different pain killers have different effects on people?
Does the Jungian notion of collective unconsciousness have any legitimacy in the light of modern neurobiology and epigenetics?
NADH inhibits gluconeogenesis?
Localization of Protein Kinase-A
Cardiac Excitation Threshold - in C++ modelling
What (if anything) about tuberculosis makes producing a highly effective vaccine difficult?
Why can&#39;t we smell our own bad breath?
How can ingesting a prion &quot;infect&quot; someone?
Do plants absorb toxins from the soil?
How isolated are different areas of the brain?
Why is it called &quot;Ebola virus disease&quot;, not just &quot;Ebola&quot; or &quot;Ebola disease&quot;?
How does the brain avoid feedback loops?
Do you know of any disease where HLA / MHC association discovery has led to better treatment or management?
Gene duplication and subfunctionalization
What species is this large-ish spider?
Why did abiogenesis only happen once?
Why is the ebola virus so intense now?
Is the brain functionally symmetrical?
Why is coconut oil healthier when it has so much saturated fat?
NADH vs. NADPH: Where is each one used and why that instead of the other?
Can sealed epiphyseal growth plates theoretically be restored via epigenetic or genetic methods?
How do colds and flu not infinitely recur?
Is it possible for a child to grow taller than their tallest parent?
Gibson assembly - primer design with A and T rich regions
Why do I only breathe out of one nostril?
How many times did life emerge from the ocean?
Is there a reason why human eyesight and plants make use of the same wavelength of light?
Why is uracil used in RNA rather than thymine?
Do bacteria die of old age?
Why did the process of sleep evolve in many animals? What is its evolutionary advantage?
Does DNA have the equivalent of IF-statements, WHILE loops, or function calls? How about GOTO?
Why 22 amino acids instead of 64?
Can humans survive without consuming life?
Why do plants have green leaves and not red?
Is there any evidence that sexual selection may lead to extinction of species?
Life without DNA?
How does the brain&#39;s energy consumption depend on mental activity?
Why do Humans not produce Vitamin C like other mammals?
Death because of distilled water consumption
Why are there no wheeled animals?
Do ants or other insects sleep, and if so why?
Can a woman give birth to twins with different fathers?
Why Does Salt Water Help Sore Throats?
Human perception of time depending on age
Can scientists create totally synthetic life?
Why is polyploidy lethal for some organisms while for others is not?
How do cockroaches resist the effects of ionizing radiation?
How does the sensitive plant detect vibrations?
What exactly are computers used for in DNA sequencing?
Why don&#39;t teeth glow?
Why does cracking a joint make noise?
Is there evidence that some non-human species perform sexual selection based primarily on intelligence? How do they do this?
Why do men have nipples?
Is the &quot;Great Pacific Garbage Patch&quot; beneficial for marine wildlife?
Why do we age? or Do we have a theory of senescence?
What&#39;s the maximum and minimum temperature a human can survive?
What is itching?
Do plants produce any heat?
Why are amino acids in biology homochiral?
Why does evolution not make our life longer?
What is the advantage of circular DNA in bacteria? 
How does a cell know its size?
Why do eukaryotic organisms have introns in their DNA?
What causes morning wood?
Can humans perceive sounds above 20 kHz?
Is telomere length a reliable measure of health/lifespan?
Has there been any observation of species adapting the evolution process?
Is there any advantage to one blood type over another?
What are the trajectories of flying insects?
How long will a vegetable live for after being harvested?
How does laughing gas (N₂O) work?
Can brain cells move?
Why draw blood from veins rather than arteries?
How long does antibiotic-dosed LB maintain good selection?
How should I ship plasmids?
How do biological communities at deep-ocean hydrothermal vents migrate between vents?
Why did life not evolve to use radio?
Is humans&#39; height ideal?
Where do migratory birds go when it rains?
Ripening bananas artificially: What is the biological reason
How are the boundaries of a gene determined?
What does the human body use oxygen for besides the final electron acceptor in the electron transport chain?
What actually happens when my leg &#39;falls asleep&#39;?
Are there any substance that are more dangerous at low dose than at higher dose?
Why are there no organisms with metal body parts, like weapons, bones, and armour? (Or are there?)
Why was disease transfer to the Americas one-way?
Why don&#39;t mammals have more than 4 limbs?
Smallest viable reproducing population
How did viruses come to be?
Do trees really get a large share of their mass from the carbon in the air?
Why do cockroaches flip over when they die?
If the brain has no pain receptors, how come you can get a headache?
Why is cold water more refreshing than warm water?
What limits our healing speed?
Is there anything that is completely non-toxic to humans at any dose?
How many times did endosymbiosis occur?
How, on a physical level, does ATP confer energy?
If a human takes antibiotics are all bacteria in the body killed?
What causes fingerprints to form and why is the pattern formed unique?
Phagemid display
How do trees manage to grow equally in all directions?
How long do your eyes need to adapt to darkness and reach full contrast?
Why isn&#39;t a virus &quot;alive&quot;?
Extremely rare occurence of Heart cancer?
Why are there species instead of a continuum of various animals?
How many mosquitoes would it take to &quot;drain&quot; enough blood to put a person into shock?
What is the criticality of the ribosome binding site relative to the start codon in prokaryotic translation?
Are lymphocyte sizes clustered in two groups?
How does cerebrospinal fluid circulate in the central nervous system?
How is temperature sensed?
Is it necessary to conduct a power analysis before beginning an experiment?
Regulation of chromatin structure
How many genes do we share with our mother?
Why do stars disappear when I look at them?
Does red light preserve your night vision?
Hot water and bacteria
Do all organisms have to die?
How is RNAse contamination in RNA based experiments prevented?
Good source that explains the evolution of single-celled organisms &quot;from scratch&quot;
How is duration of efficacy estimated for vaccines?
How and where, in the human brain, are memories stored?
Why do mammalian red blood cells lack a nucleus?
Evolutionary origin and exogenous cues of ~28 day infradian rhythm?
How crowded is the bacterial cell?
Why do I only breathe out of one nostril?
How many times did life emerge from the ocean?
Is there a reason why human eyesight and plants make use of the same wavelength of light?
Why is uracil used in RNA rather than thymine?
Do bacteria die of old age?
Why did the process of sleep evolve in many animals? What is its evolutionary advantage?
Does DNA have the equivalent of IF-statements, WHILE loops, or function calls? How about GOTO?
Why 22 amino acids instead of 64?
Can humans survive without consuming life?
Why do plants have green leaves and not red?
Is there any evidence that sexual selection may lead to extinction of species?
Life without DNA?
How does the brain&#39;s energy consumption depend on mental activity?
Why do Humans not produce Vitamin C like other mammals?
Death because of distilled water consumption
Why are there no wheeled animals?
Do ants or other insects sleep, and if so why?
Can a woman give birth to twins with different fathers?
Why Does Salt Water Help Sore Throats?
Human perception of time depending on age
Can scientists create totally synthetic life?
Why is polyploidy lethal for some organisms while for others is not?
How do cockroaches resist the effects of ionizing radiation?
How does the sensitive plant detect vibrations?
What exactly are computers used for in DNA sequencing?
Why don&#39;t teeth glow?
Why does cracking a joint make noise?
Is there evidence that some non-human species perform sexual selection based primarily on intelligence? How do they do this?
Why do men have nipples?
Is the &quot;Great Pacific Garbage Patch&quot; beneficial for marine wildlife?
Why do we age? or Do we have a theory of senescence?
What&#39;s the maximum and minimum temperature a human can survive?
What is itching?
Do plants produce any heat?
Why are amino acids in biology homochiral?
Why does evolution not make our life longer?
What is the advantage of circular DNA in bacteria? 
How does a cell know its size?
Why do eukaryotic organisms have introns in their DNA?
What causes morning wood?
Can humans perceive sounds above 20 kHz?
Is telomere length a reliable measure of health/lifespan?
Has there been any observation of species adapting the evolution process?
Is there any advantage to one blood type over another?
What are the trajectories of flying insects?
How long will a vegetable live for after being harvested?
How does laughing gas (N₂O) work?
Can brain cells move?
Why draw blood from veins rather than arteries?
How long does antibiotic-dosed LB maintain good selection?
How should I ship plasmids?
How do biological communities at deep-ocean hydrothermal vents migrate between vents?
Why did life not evolve to use radio?
Is humans&#39; height ideal?
Where do migratory birds go when it rains?
Ripening bananas artificially: What is the biological reason
How are the boundaries of a gene determined?
What does the human body use oxygen for besides the final electron acceptor in the electron transport chain?
What actually happens when my leg &#39;falls asleep&#39;?
Are there any substance that are more dangerous at low dose than at higher dose?
Why are there no organisms with metal body parts, like weapons, bones, and armour? (Or are there?)
Why was disease transfer to the Americas one-way?
Why don&#39;t mammals have more than 4 limbs?
Smallest viable reproducing population
How did viruses come to be?
Do trees really get a large share of their mass from the carbon in the air?
Why do cockroaches flip over when they die?
If the brain has no pain receptors, how come you can get a headache?
Why is cold water more refreshing than warm water?
What limits our healing speed?
Is there anything that is completely non-toxic to humans at any dose?
How many times did endosymbiosis occur?
How, on a physical level, does ATP confer energy?
If a human takes antibiotics are all bacteria in the body killed?
What causes fingerprints to form and why is the pattern formed unique?
Phagemid display
How do trees manage to grow equally in all directions?
How long do your eyes need to adapt to darkness and reach full contrast?
Why isn&#39;t a virus &quot;alive&quot;?
Extremely rare occurence of Heart cancer?
Why are there species instead of a continuum of various animals?
How many mosquitoes would it take to &quot;drain&quot; enough blood to put a person into shock?
What is the criticality of the ribosome binding site relative to the start codon in prokaryotic translation?
Are lymphocyte sizes clustered in two groups?
How does cerebrospinal fluid circulate in the central nervous system?
How is temperature sensed?
Is it necessary to conduct a power analysis before beginning an experiment?
Regulation of chromatin structure
How many genes do we share with our mother?
Why do stars disappear when I look at them?
Does red light preserve your night vision?
Hot water and bacteria
Do all organisms have to die?
How is RNAse contamination in RNA based experiments prevented?
Good source that explains the evolution of single-celled organisms &quot;from scratch&quot;
How is duration of efficacy estimated for vaccines?
How and where, in the human brain, are memories stored?
Why do mammalian red blood cells lack a nucleus?
Evolutionary origin and exogenous cues of ~28 day infradian rhythm?
How crowded is the bacterial cell?
Why is rabies incurable?
Why do ants live so long?
Is &quot;computational biology&quot; different from &quot;bioinformatics&quot;?
Where does the &#39;C&#39; in exhaled CO₂ mostly come from?
Why Is Most Life Symmetrical Externally But Not Internally?
Why do adults lose hearing at high frequencies?
How to understand influenza strain designations?
What is the difference between HPLC and FPLC and why is FPLC preferable for protein purification?
Which organism has the smallest genome length?
Why is coffee a laxative?
Can rats pass on memories of a maze to their offspring?
Why do the two hemispheres of the brain control the opposite sides of the body?
How is evolution possible in contemporary humans?
Is there any use of CO₂ in human body?
Natural examples of XOR functions at the cellular level
Can humans eat grass?
Why do we have five fingers?
Is there any convincing evidence for the existence of nanobacteria?
How do fairy rings propagate?
Can an adult without genetic lactase persistence still develop a tolerance for dairy foods?
What are the major evolutionary pressures for Bioluminescence?
How does the microbial environment in your gut initiate?
Are human fetuses more likely to be male?
How does the immune system &quot;learn&quot; from a vaccine?
Harmless virus?
Do cows produce milk excessively?
Do trees age on a microscopic level?
Do gene expression levels necessarily correspond to levels of protein activation?
Is kissing a natural human activity?
Why are there exactly four nucleobases in DNA?
What is the difference between orthologs, paralogs and homologs?
Do humans have enough biological differences to be grouped into races or subspecies?
Were there any flying dinosaurs?
How is menstruation not suicide in the wild?
Why do we need red blood cells?
Is exon order always preserved in splicing?
What is the reason behind choosing the reporter gene when experimenting on your gene of interest?
What is the optimal frame size for protein secondary structure prediction methods?
Can siRNA induce DNA methylation in mammalian cells?
Are there dextral/sinistral higher animals?
Why would diffusion be faster across a non-specialised tissue?
What is the mechanism behind &quot;acquired&quot; alcohol tolerance?
Do insects&#39; muscles become stronger with exercise?
How long can I store extracted RNA?
ATP cost for gene expression
What is the lowest pressure at which plants can survive?
How is the blood volume of a living organism measured without killing it?
Pipetting damage on cells
Why can white hairs get dark again?
Why is the Krebs cycle considered a part of aerobic metabolism if molecular oxygen is not involved in any of the reactions in the cycle
Why is there now only one Salmonella species?
How do the brain and nerves create electrical pulses?
Are single-celled organisms capable of learning?
Why does regular exercise increase brain volume?
Are there any examples of sudden leaps in evolution?
Why is &#39;Grudger&#39; an evolutionary stable strategy?
Why does the cold make us sick?
Do plant-animal cross races exist?
Do marine deep sea life forms exhibit circadian rhythms? If so, what entrains them?
Do animals exist with an uneven total number of digits?
How many humans have been in my lineage? Is it almost the same for every human currently living?
Is any known plant magnetic?
Transmission of epigenetic regulation through surrogate mother
Do large animals often evolve into smaller animals?
Defining paper(s) in epigenetics
What is the most difficult feature to explain evolutionarily?
Could Junk DNA be used as a Turing Machine by nature?
Height and natural selection in humans?
Is it correct that the body only responds to the most painful stimulus?
Why have humans evolved much more quickly than other animals?
How do porcupines keep from pricking each other while mating?
Can methylation from DNA get copied to RNA during transcription?
Origin, or source, of rhesus negative in human blood
Do probiotics survive digestion?
Why do some trees have a life span, while some don&#39;t?
How fast does the rotor in ATP synthase spin?
Impact of Alan Turing&#39;s approach to morphogenesis
Why is glucose our primary source of energy?
Human evolution: Where *exactly* did the first human come from, whose parents were not?
Is there an advantage to linear chromosomes?
Why are not all species hermaphrodites?
Can parts of a human brain be asleep independently of each other, or vary in the times required for them to fall asleep?
Haidinger&#39;s brush: Is this a by-product of the eye&#39;s physics, or are there any evolutionary grounds for it?
Why is high fructose corn syrup unhealthy?
How and why did mammals go back to the oceans?
What is the mechanism responsible for the periodicity of hiccups?
Why didn&#39;t the polar bear change its color from white to black during evolution to absorb heat?
Are there cats with black skin?
What are the main mechanisms of interaction between the nervous and immune systems?
When does BLAST fail to align 2 DNA sequences?
Are there animal models for Clostridium difficile that better replicate human infection than hamsters?
How many people&#39;s DNA were involved in the compilation of the reference human genome?
Online Molecular and Cellular Biology Video Lectures?
What implications has the missing 2&#39;-OH on the capability of DNA to form 3D structures?
Why was it so hard to decode the corn genome?
What causes REM atonia to be lost in sleepwalking?
Why do we get runny noses in the cold?
What causes the development of antibiotic-resistant strains of bacteria?
Why do some mammals not have testes in a scrotum?
What is the smallest number of amino acids required for life?
How Do Galls Form?
Can two humans with 44 chromosomes produce viable offspring?
What evolutionary explanations are there for death?
What causes a &#39;stuffy&#39; or &#39;runny&#39; nose when you have a cold?
How fast will cells lyse under hypotonic conditions?
Possible? When a pregnant woman suffers an organ damage, fetus would send stem cells to the damage organ to help repair it?
Relationship between our microbiome and personalized nutrition
What is a coupled reaction and why do cells couple reactions?
Why does looking at bright light trigger sneezing in some people?
Could we transmit smells electronically?
Why do we grow so much hair on our heads compared to our bodies?
Paralogous genes in genome-wide association studies?
How does evolution produce complex organs
Given ATP synthase&#39;s structure, how can 3.33 protons ultimately synthesize one and only one ATP?
Has the human 7-day week had any impact on the evolution of species?
How many people are required to maintain genetic diversity?
Why do people have antibodies against other blood types?
Why is the Hydra Biologically Immortal?
Fibonacci sequence in nature, truth or just wishful thinking?
How many organisms have ever lived on Earth?
Why is yawning contagious?
Why would a single celled organism evolve to be multi-celled?
What do viruses do during incubation period?
Why isn&#39;t vomit corrosive?
Why doesn&#39;t water enter my body through my anus or genitals when swimming?
What do you see when your eyes are closed?
What is the most condensed form of (stored) energy used in biology?
How Do White Blood Cells Learn? Or Do They?
What&#39;s the difference between male and female?
How do birds deal with their eyes drying out at high speeds?
Is it known how the first viruses formed?
What is the morphological difference between Leydig cell in human and pig?
How many human proteins have a solved 3D structure?
What effect has changing pH and salt concentration on protein complexes?
Why is DNA replication  performed in the 5&#39; to 3&#39; direction?
Intrinsically disordered proteins as potential drug targets
What is the prehistory of amino acids in cells?
How will rising carbon dioxide levels in the troposphere affect photosynthetic producers?
Are there neurons that can sense light shining in your ears?
How do members of cryptic species know who to mate with?
Looking for a cancer drug target database to guide sequencing of patient tumor DNA
How does a plant grow before photosynthesis is possible?
Do the majority of fish lack scales on their heads?
Which is more important for protein expression mRNA structure or codon optimization?
Why do restriction enzymes tend to have an even number of bases in their recognition site?
Can any protein be phosphorylated?
Percentage of genome devoted to regulating gene expression
Why are some genes dominant over others? What is the mechanism behind it?
How do insects breathe?
How does herpes (HSV) infection suppress HIV?
How does the human body metabolize gasoline?
What effect does vortexing have on a fluid sample that simple mechanical shaking does not?
Does testosterone increase female sexual behavior?
Why does Penicillin only affect bacterial cell walls
Do men have more extreme variations than women?
Why is there a difference in the rotation of the tail fin in fish compared to marine mammals?
Organ cloning - possible to make a non-antigenic organ?
How straightforward is in vitro compartmentalization?
Can species back-evolve?
How does a tree trunk sprout and grow after being cut?
Why are there N&#39;s after Sanger sequencing?
Does a theory exist for the formation of thylakoid structure?
Human disease and associated phenotype database?
Are mosquitoes repelled by high frequency sound?
What is the contribution of viruses to the evolution of mankind?
Why do we like salt?
Are there any examples of proteins with no or minimal sequence identity, but highly similar structure?
When has an organism evolved enough to be called a new species?
Are human bodies programmed to die?
Is the EC50 of an activating protein for an enzyme a good indicator for the binding affinity Kd?
What did Richard Feynman contribute to molecular biology?
What kind of fruit is this?
What is the armpit hair for?
What light intensity starts melatonin release in humans?
Evolution in 37 years, is it possible?
Can plants get cancer?
The Origin of Mitochondria
Are there issues with filling PCR tubes to capacity?
Supercomputer Vs Human Brain
Machine learning for light microscopy -- problems to solve?
Effect of pupil responses on the electroretinogram
Why do we experience temperatures below 37 degrees Celsius as &#39;hot&#39;?
Why I have to pee more often in low temperature?
What are limiting factors for intron length?
How is Taq polymerase produced?
Online repositories of scanning electron microscope photographs?
Abiogenesis: Beyond the research journals as a lead in to discussions on evolution
Why is the  microbial ecosystem of the gut so susceptible to disruption by pathogens?
Are there viruses that affect cells across different species?
How does a brain distinguish stimuli?
A good book for history of biology/biotechnology for lay people
Can a color-deficient person be made to visualize the missing colors?
Are there any plants that fix their own nitrogen?
Did researchers evolve multicellular yeast or did they just turn on multicellularity?
When did vision evolve for the first time?
Could an &quot;overactive&quot; brain increase the chances of Alzheimer&#39;s Disease?
Do mitochondria simply automatically convert glucose to ATP?
How do you design a drug to be delivered to the CNS?
NADH vs. NADPH: Where is each one used and why that instead of the other?
Is it the case that all changes in phenotype during life are not inheritable?
Is Behe&#39;s experiment (evolving the bacterial flagellum) plausible in the lab?
Why does scar tissue change color?
How does Golgi&#39;s neural histological stain work?
What is the tRNA gene copy variation between different yeast strains?
How did the huge dinosaurs cope with gravity and loads on bones, etc.?
Is there any reason for the variation in mitochondrial DNA size?
Sequencing the genomes of polyploid organisms
Can DNA produce ribozyme-like structures?
Questions to ask to a panel of people that will be sequenced
When are population dynamics models useful?
Do white Australians have a distinct look?
How to decide which is the correct scientific name for a particular species
What is Curved DNA?
Is the appendix a vestigial structure in all vertebrates?
Is the &#39;fluttering feeling&#39; when under stress neurological or physical?
Quantum mechanics in biology
Why do people dying of immune deficiency diseases appear sick?
Why do some fruits have a much wider range of acceptable sizes than others?
Fish &quot;coming back to life&quot; after being frozen
How do we know that dinosaurs were related to lizards and/or birds?
What is the significance and method behind Ramachandran plots?
Why is Hydrofluoric Acid so dangerous if its a weak acid?
How many agarose gel bands are typical for circularised DNA
Will humans and animals be harmed by frequencies outside their hearing range? 
Have any mutations or genetic loci been associated with exceptional longevity in humans?
Why do neurons die so quickly (relative to other cells) when deprived of oxygen?
Modularity of transcription factors
Why did high A+T content create problems for the Plasmodium falciparum genome project?
Do men have significant hormonal cycles?
Why does hair turn grey or white, and why does it happen later for some?
If body temperature is 37&#176;C (98.6&#176;F), why are most people more comfortable at around 21&#176;C (70&#176;F)?
Evolution of long necks in giraffes
How many human cells are there in our body, on average?
Why do most breast cancers occur in women?
How are long time periods measured in biological systems?
Can DNA act as a translation substrate?
Why do neurons have only one axon?
How are epigenetic marks transmitted during cell division?
How much energy does human body fat contain?
Why do we feel tired if we sleep excessively?
Do fake wasp nests actually fool wasps?
In Japan, the official average body temperature is 36.0 &#176;C. Why so different from that of Europe?
Do we actually get more sick (flu/cold) during winter?
Do any organisms recycle their own waste internally?
Book recommendation on population/evolutionary genetics?
Why are fly not scared when landing on a monitor with changing graphics?
Is there any relationship between heartbeat rate and life span of an animal?
Is there a biological mechanism for evolution encoded into our DNA?
Biological age of grafted plants
How was birth control realized in ancient days?
Do species other than humans have distinct daily feeding patterns?
Do electromagnetic waves outside the visible spectrum have any role in photosynthesis?
Why does hair grow after trimming but remains at a constant length after a while?
Average dimensions of the human back (anthropometry)
What are the requirements for a stable carbon cycle in sealed &quot;bottle gardens&quot;`?
Superhuman eyesight
Do transcription factors bind to both strands of DNA?
Help identifying what this is in Crayfish gills?
Under what conditions do dendritic spines form?
How to reduce edge effects in cell-based high-throughput experiments?
What are the mechanism binding histone code with alternative splicing?
What limits the maximum spacing of Nodes of Ranvier and which organisms tend to have the widest gaps?
What histological stain can I use for beta-keratin?
Examples of animals that co-opt toxins?
Is there an equivalent to &quot;Fields Virology&quot; for Bacteria?
Are there any pre-Holocene venomous animals?
Is Batesian Mimicry a form a parasitism? To what extent is the species with real defenses harmed by the defenceless species?
How do CpG islands remain unmethylated?
Does bioluminescence occur in humans too?
Why doesn&#39;t a substance like loperamide promote analgesia?
How do I get the current &quot;camera position&quot; in PyMol so I can reuse it in scripts?
Does current evidence support the use of resveratrol as an anti-ageing drug?
Why is a lack of oxygen fatal to cells?
Where is the line between Anaerobic and Aerobic?
What is meant in biology by the term &quot;evolved&quot;?
Does the genetic expression of specific physical traits ever correlate to behaviour?
How would one calculate the availability of nucleotides to an enzyme?
What are the limitations to current nucleotide sequencing technologies?
Does an annealing temp higher than primer&#39;s Tm contribute to primer dimer?
How do I clean phenol contaminated RNA without losing any of the sample?
Does electricity cause damage on a cellular level?
Antibacterial hand soaps (and related products); what are they good for?
What can you tell about a person, having only their whole genome as information?
How long can E. coli stocks be stored at -20&#176;C?
What is the mechanism that directs myosin walking?
Why do pandas have a high probability of giving birth to twins?
What are the evolutionary niches differentiating an apple from a pear?
To which distinctions does the term &quot;hymenoptera&quot; refer?
Why is the 3&#39;UTR region highly methylated in most of the human genes?
Alternatives to TBE buffer for denaturing polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of DNA and RNA?
protocol for pulldown of DNA breakpoints?
What was the reason for some plant and animals to become giant in course of evolution?
On the genetics behind caste marriages
How do baby animals that primarily subsist on cellulose get their initial gut flora?
Has there ever been an attempt to create nutritionally tailored food for adult human consumption?
In which order did the cells of the immune system evolve?
What happens to dextrorotatory amino acids in humans?
Is there an evolutionary advantage to crying when sad?
How did the human brain evolve?
determining genome-wide exogenous binding of pathogens to host genome?
Number of beneficial mutations cataloged?
How does translational coupling work in prokaryotes?
How to store vegetables in the refrigerator: In plastic bags or not?
Databases for gene regulatory network graphs?
How do antioxidants affect human metabolism?
Deletion errors with Phusion Polymerase?
Do single crossovers occur in circular polynucleotides?
Why do only only two sexes exist for animals?
How deep in the soil can a seed be placed and still develop into a plant/tree?
Most suitable biodiversity index
How does a jumping spider manage to &quot;jump&quot; on the ceiling?
How did the nucleobases in the Murchison meteorite form?
What is the difference between naive and adjusted p-values in a GWAS study?
Salmon returning to lay eggs
Do fish break a water molecule to absorb oxygen?
What elements are a possible basis for life?
Does sleep in humans re-structure based on the expected sleep time?
Are the inverse problems of Systems Biology impossible to solve?
Vaccination and population dynamics of an epidemic
Have any genetically altered organisms actually become abundant in a natural environment?
Why do red blood cells contain haemoglobin and not myoglobin?
What nutrients can humans absorb in the mouth?
Why Do Most Humans &amp; Cats Have Blue/Bluish Eyes At Birth?
Why does oxygen bind to hemoglobin in an specific angle?
Is there any other function of DNA?
Why do parasites sometimes kill their hosts?
Are there specific conditions that allow humans to see ultraviolet wavelengths
Beginning of the urogenital system
How does a person get AIDS?
How does an axon &quot;know&quot; it&#39;s not connecting to its own neuron?
What does irregular heartbeat mean in simple language?
Can butterflies still fly after their wings are touched?
Why don&#39;t we develop immunity against common cold?
How long does the Ebola virus remain infectious on contaminated items or surfaces?
How fast can a human run?
Is there a period after you have had a cold when you cannot get a cold again?
What is the use of eye banks, if eyeball transplants do not exist at present?
Why should a tumor look like a crab?
Non-harmful bacterial invasion of cells
Are codons that map to the same amino acids interchangeable?
Can you Identify this Creature?
Do humans perceive temperature or heat-flux? (or both?)
Does taking a shower have the same effect on muscles as warming up?
Why reference genome is a reference?
Why do mushrooms grow in rings (sometimes called &quot;Fairy Rings&quot;)?
Do human beings have pheromone receptors?
Which sequence characteristics influence the transcription efficiency of T7 polymerase?
How can you identify if a person is homozygous for a certain allele?
Can I elute my GFP-tagged protein off anti-GFP antibody using a peptide?
What are the olfactory chemicals in whiteboard/permanent markers and what do they bind to in the nose, lungs, and brain?
Why are restriction enzymes not frozen?
Is trembling an advantageous response during periods of anxiety?
Are these Gram stain substitutions acceptable?
What would be the conduction speed of A-alpha fibers, were they unmyelinated?
What is the functional and structural distinction between core (H2A, H2B, H3,H4) and linker(H1/H5) histones?
How does the stem-loop cause intrinsic transcription termination?
What portions of the brain have drastic changes in activation when we &quot;sense&quot; someone is there?
Overlapping genetic information in eukaryotes
How is eye color in humans inherited?
Do taller people have larger somatosensory cortices than short people?
What is Peter&#39;s rule in neuroscience?
Can Naegleria fowleri enter through wounds into the bloodstream?
Is there a correlation between muscle fibers and body types?
DNA synthesis companies: cost per base, turn-around time, codon-optimization algorithms
Why would taking antibiotics increase stamina and energy?
How reversible is DAT upregulation from long-term ADHD medication use?
Why should I degas my gel solution for polyacrylamide gels?
Why do cucurbits produce so much fluid when their stems are cut?
Why do we add salt when precipitating DNA?
Are homozygous carriers of the CCR5-Δ32 allele fully immune to all known strains of HIV?
Is there are evolutionary explanation for why humans and primates are ticklish? How might it have evolved?
Why does cyanide inhibit CuZnSOD, but not MnSOD or FeSOD?
How many mice are on the Earth?
Do insects with compound eyes have depth perception?
Is the minicolumn the unit of the neocortex?
What is the most heat-tolerant organism?
What is the least costly method to generate sequential amino acid deletions?
What&#39;s the name of this bird?
Why can cones detect color but rods can&#39;t?
(How) does coppicing fundamentally alter tree growth?
Why don&#39;t dragonflies wings collapse?
Do larger multicellular organisms have an increased risk of mutation and thus cancer?
Why do people say that trans fatty acids are bad for your health?
What is the advantage of using starter cultures for growing bacteria?
Species with reproduction barriers that can both reproduce with a third species
Effects of beer on muscle recovery after exercise
Were dinosaurs &#39;hot-blooded&#39; or &#39;cold-blooded&#39;?
What determines when a virus becomes a &quot;new strain&quot;?
Foveal ganglion cell density (Tay-Sachs Disease)
What is the highest competency possible for E coli?
What advantage would the initial &#39;donor&#39; in horizontal gene transfer by conjugation have received?
What can the timing of human urination tell about the human&#39;s physical condition and circadian rhythms?
Resources for finding all drugs of a certain class
Could hydrogen replace oxygen in cellular respiration?
Below which temperature human muscles don&#39;t work?
Did we first have swimming birds or flying birds?
How to DIY preserve pet DNA today so that it can be used in 20 years
What makes E. coli yellowish?
Is the eukaryotic nucleus composed of a single or double membrane?
How old does a baby have to be before it can retain memories?
Do we get 1/4 of our genes from each grandparent?
Hoechst or DAPI for nuclear staining?
Is the function of adjacent genes correlated?
How did the first self replicating organism come into existence?
Protein data bank syntax: Can two protein secondary structures &quot;overlap&quot;?
Is there an &quot;evolutionary species similarity calculator&quot;?
Are rods/cones rejuvenated periodically?
Does stress physically age our body?
How would I explain different properties of the same protein in different species?
Shortest strings not present in the human genome
Athletes: nature vs. nurture?
What is the Edward O. Wilson fuss about?
Why is it sometimes difficult to resuspend E. coli in P1?
How can an albatross stay airborne for months?
Is there life on other planets and if so how frequent?
Is there any evidence that a virus can modify human evolution
Does pheomelanin have a useful biological function?
What are the &quot;stars&quot; we see after a bump on the head?
Could a fetus properly develop in micro/zero-gravity?
When running a gel, what could cause a standard to run &quot;faster&quot; than usual?
Mathematical Modelling of Natural Selection
Can a person really die quickly from biting their tongue?
What causes random long white body hairs?
What is the gas inside a Capsicum pepper, and how does it get there?
What is the evolutionary reason behind the fragility of teeth?
How are our senses dimmed during sleep?
What are the functions of magnetic bacteria?
Do apes and humans share 99% of DNA or 99% of genes? What is the difference?
How does the genetic code evolve?
Why, specifically, does each generation, on average, improve upon the design of the species rather than degrade it?
How long can a bee surive in a jar?
E coli cotransformation efficiency
Was the mitochondrion or chloroplast first?
How best to count bees entering and leaving a hive to measure hive activity?
Have we ever observed two drosophila lineages that evolved reproductive isolation in labs?
Is it possible to combine live attenuated and non-live vaccines?
Are all mutagens carcinogens?
How do we know the presence of light when our eyes are closed?
How does a woodpecker not give itself concussions?
What happens once a brain is full?
Is it possible to genetically modify a plant at home?
&quot;Same&quot; DNA vs genes
What kind of skull is this?
What is the smallest scale at which blood vessels, nerves and other structures are deterministic?
Did Darwin ever reach the conclusion that selection will remove variation?
The evolutionary process in bird wings, especially with regard to winglets
How does isopropyl alcohol disinfect less in higher concentration?
What are the effects of long-term liquid breathing?
Are there birds with knees instead of elbows?
If human eyes watch an area, what&#39;s the shape of its capturing shape? Rectangular? Half spherical?
Do human cells contain only one copy of the genome?
Why don&#39;t McDonald&#39;s fries decompose?
Is there any evolutionary advantage of selection of L-amino acid over D-amino acid?
How is DNA Read
Cloning and Telomeres
Dreadnoughtus: Why are new taxa named using Dog Latin?
Formation of Life
Species ID: Cape Town mystery insect
Can canines communicate with each other using gaze direction?
Why cancer is not a communicable disease?
Why do we urinate more when we are nervous?
What is the explanation for the smaller number of tRNA than codons?
Why are fruits so large compared to their seeds?
Is there a significant difference in sedentary calorie-burn between a thinker and non-thinker?
How can I avoid digesting protein-bound DNA?
bi-directional transcription experiment
What are the clotting factors&#39; effect on avascular necrosis development?
Why is there an extended delay before G.M. liver cells are attacked by the immune system?
What determines a successful protein expression in E. coli?
What is causing my problem with very low yields when isolating a 42kb yeast plasmid?
Recommended applications for commercial antibodies
What are the criteria for determining the influence of epigenetic factors?
Last-ditch efforts to maintain thermal homeostasis
Time from stimulus to gene expression
Why are there nail growth differences  between humans and other mammals?
What is the base cancer rate for an arbitrary carcinogen?
Are Schwann cells the sole source of myelination in PNS?
What is the modern state of the theory of evolution?
Acknowledging differentiation of species, in historical times
How does laser surgery correct accommodation problems?
Absorption ratios 260/280 and 260/230 for RNA
Which patterns do I have to avoid when modifying the 3&#39;-UTR?
Which brain regions are D1 dopamine receptors expressed, and which brain regions are D2 dopamine receptors expressed?
Is it correct to regard archeaic humans (i.e.n Neanderthals and Denisovans) as distinct species to Homo sapiens?
Why do some plant species have lobed leaves, while similar species in the same habitat don&#39;t?
Chicken Genome what are the LGE &#39;chromosomes&#39;?
How do I clean and calibrate pipettes, and how often should I do it?
Have there been any positive public health effects due to UV lights?
Are human chromosomes connected or separate molecules?
Which organism has the sharpest vision?
How is the number of mitochondria in a cell regulated?
Why can you graft two unrelated cacti successfully, but you cannot do this on garden trees?
If I graft two trees together while young, will they grow as one plant?
Are prions an important driver in evolution?
What is the closest species to humans in animal kingdom?
Is bootstrapping an acceptable way to determine standard error for binding constants?
How is the sequenced genome of a person useful to him in practice, now?
Why can hair grow without limit while eyebrow cannot?
How would a warm winter affect maple sap production?
Does arterial blood always flow away from the heart?
What are the effects of caffeine on the mammalian circulatory system?
Why do animal teeth get darker if exposed?
How do the lungs act as a sieve to trap blood clots?
What does &quot;nesting failure&quot; mean?
What&#39;s the effect of oxygen deficit on plants?
Can fruit tissue be cultured and grown independent from the plant?
How can I pare down a PDB file in Python to only include specific residues?
What is a inhibitory tone when talking about neurons?
Why is SOC medium recommended for transformations?
How are there alternative initiation codons?
Does GFAJ-1 use Adenosine triarsenate as its energy currency?
Is there a biophysical causation from local field potential (LFP) to spikes?
Are there differences in DNA between humans of today and humans from 2000 years ago?
Will the &quot;frog in boiling water not jumping out&quot; work on warm blooded animals
How does population stability evolve?
Source of DNA sequences
During famine, does the human body do anything to prioritize which organs receive nutrients?
Using the IMGT/GENE-DB service to find RSS
Does the use of &quot;var&quot;, &quot;x&quot;, and/or &quot;ssp&quot; in a scientific name provide specific information?
Why is PEG important for efficient yeast transformation?
What are the frequency ranges of most marine mammal vocalizations?
Why is selfishness the &#39;obvious&#39; strategy?
Are there any structures in mammals that are used only by males?
Is there any difference in terms of personal healthcare between complete DNA sequencing and SNPs genotyping?
Finding and Comparing Homologous Genes
How is human biological clock modelled in modern science?
Healing process in mouth wounds
Is it possible for any animals today to have more than one brain?
How many gigabytes of DNA are there on earth?
Is there a consensus on whether or not race exists on a biological level?
Relative Property of Alleles
Why does the butterfly have a cocoon stage in its life cycle?
Is there any recent evidence for the aquatic ape theory of human evolution?
Is it possible to lose synapses over time?
How does this illusion work?
When running gels what is the difference between constant volts or constant amps?
Which bacteria have the highest mutation rate?
Does artificial high intensity light damage permanently dark ecosystems?
What role does a protein&#39;s size have on protein-protein interactions?
Why does this illusion work?
Black bumps on the cut surface of an avocado
Is there any biological reason that professional swimming is dominated by white people?
Plumage as indicator of health in birds
Why is GTP gamma S non hydrolyzable?
What would need to be discovered to prove there is extraterrestrial life?
E. coli values for [enzymes], [metabolites] and kinetic rates
Do twins &quot;run in the family&quot;?
Difference between genetic engineering and synthetic biology
Why are some berries poisonous?
What determines testosterone exposure in womb, baby&#39;s genetics or mom&#39;s body?
Why do vaccines cause your arm to hurt?
Do humans sneeze or cough in their sleep?
Adipocyte Density
Does DNA react in all of the ways most other acids do?
Why can&#39;t a human regenerate limbs like some other species?
Which shades/hues of color are easiest to distinguish for humans?
What&#39;s the name of the fibrous strands that hold the seeds in a pumpkin?
Can cancer grow forever if supplied with unlimited resources?
How does sodium in one&#39;s diet affect blood pressure?
Do memories have mass?
Does the DNA sequence of a butterfly match that of the caterpillar it used to be?
What vegetation would thrive in the Martian atmosphere?
Why does human facial and head hair continue to grow?
Do hormone drugs affect whether a person feels sexual attraction to males or females?
Birds placing sticks on train tracks?
Does Sansevieria trifasciata really absorb Carbon Dioxide at night?
Which sex has higher variance of reproductive rate in modern societies - male or females?
Systems identification in small neural network
What is the difference between SOLiD, 454, and Illumina next-gen sequencing?
Can we disambiguate competing molecular mechanisms of learning and plasticity by measuring electrical activity of neurons?
Are there grass or fiber eating birds?
What makes a gene dominant or recessive
When does weak selection produce qualitatively different results from strong selection?
Why can all animals swim in water without learning to swim but humans cannot?
Chiral (a)symmetry of curly hair (and fur)
What is the cause of muscle cramps?
Structure of fitness landscapes in the NK model
How are new people created from the DNA of an aged person. i.e. Why are we young?
Why is saltatory conduction faster than continuous conduction?
How do pineapples and lemongrass grow?
Can life subsist on anything else but water?
Doesn&#39;t osmosis violate the law of conservation of energy?
Is there any evidence that humans have faced extinction before?
Standard letter for 5-methylcytosine
Why is venom more common in fish and snakes than other vertebrates?
Can one die from pain?
How do small animals make loud sounds?
Why is mammal coloration so dull?
Why we have no enzyme to digest cellulose?
Is it possible for a brown eyed parent to have blue eyed child?
Blood Pressure: Significance of difference between systolic and diastolic
How do trees lift water higher than 10 meters?
Deciding between chi square and t test
Why did abiogenesis only happen once?
How are viruses weakened to be suitable for vaccination?
What prevents predator overpopulation?
Are there specific features of birds that cats/small predators are attracted to?
Comment on the introduction to a bioinformatics paper
Do tall people have more cells?
Did the eugenics program in Nazi Germany have a measurable effect?
What are the costs associated with carrying lots of genetic material
If all B cells are present at birth, why should the primary response to an infection take longer than the secondary response?
Seeing strange things in light
Why do so many people have group O blood?
How is the fluoride in toothpaste absorbed?
Is there an &#39;anti-virus&#39;?
Why does Hunger lead to the aggressive behavior?
Why doesn&#39;t Clopyralid damage cool season lawn grasses?
Do identical twins have the same fingerprint?
Can you identify this bird?
Can anyone identify this bird?
When did CRISPR/Cas9 evolve and what is the likelihood that a superior system for live cell genome editing has already evolved on earth since then?
Is mammalian vision processed as a sequence of frames?
What would happen if one eats silica gel?
Why doesn&#39;t the cell membrane just... break apart?
Why is green fur not a thing?
What is the evolutionary explanation for bat&#39;s echolocation
What percent of your blood can you lose before you need a transfusion
Why can&#39;t neurons undergo cell division?
Horned Mohawk looking insect. What is it?
How can I label cryotubes in a way that eliminates the problem of legible hand-writing?
Why can you not tickle yourself?
To what extent is Ebola airborne? (aerosols)
When writing about past research should I use the species name they employed or the modern version?
How Circumcision could reduce the chance for a HIV infection?
Is our color vision calibrated to sky, vegetation, and blood?
How big should the human population be, as predicted by body mass?
What causes feeling of feet falling asleep to be delayed?
Do snakes get dizzy?
Why did humans become bipedal?
Why doesn&#39;t HDL cause diseases like LDL?
Why do dog&#39;s eyes glow green on a photo?
How much energy does a lion contain?
Does the nervous system have &quot;routers&quot;?
Does a man contain all the genes needed to make a woman?
How are we able to find the specific sites at which DNA binding proteins bind?
How can action potentials be generated through thoughts?
Is there a fundamental reason that plants cannot fix their own nitrogen?
RNA migrating slower than DNA on Formaldehyde Gel?
Why are butterflies drinking blood?
How can I align more than 2 sequences locally?
Why does polyploidy give an evolutionary advantage?
Why gluconeogenesis?
Has anyone tried Gibson Assembly Optimizations?
What are the limiting factors for gene length and number of exons?
How can rooted and unrooted (phylogenetic) trees be distinguished from one another
How much time do INS1-E and MIN6 cells need after splitting?
What is the effect of exendin on beta-cells
Does the oxygen concentration equilibrate between red blood cells in the liver sinusoids?
Which aspects of renal physiology are standing in the way of an artificial (mechanical) kidney?
Effects of Polyphasic vs Monophasic sleep in humans
Coincidence that navel is near the womb?
What are the variables that control/influence the color of oranges(Citrus sinensis)?
Alternatives to ethidium bromide for staining small nucleic acids?
Do antigens protrude through the capsule/slime layer in prokaryotic organisms where these features are present?
What triggers meiosis in gonadal cells?
How does a veggie-less diet affect the human body?
Is the squid giant axon the fastest conducting unmyelinated axon known?
Can elements of one&#39;s environment act directly as hormones?
How can a monocot get so massive?
How many human proteins are very well characterized?
How is the effective dose calculated when only part of the body is irradiated?
How does the NAD+/NADH ratio affect lifespan in vertebrates?
Did human hairs actually evolve from scales?
Why do dendritic cells have CD4/CD8 on their surface?
What hydrolyses aspirin within the digestive tract and blood stream?
Are there any motile plants?
Does extracted DNA degrade after a certain time period?
What are the biochemical processes occurring when food spoils?
Taxonomy for plasmids
Is it possible to add a new sequence to a blast database without recreating it from scratch?
Long-term-potentiation and memory. Where do we stand?
How strong is spider silk?
How does one calculate the resolution of a crystal structure?
Pancretic Acinar Cell - ATP, calcium concentration data
Which human body hormonal systems exhibit 24 hour diurnal cyclical activity?
How are antibiotic resistant bacterial infections treated?
What influences the timing of human bowel movements in the morning?
Why is propanoic acid often added to the diet of C. elegans?
How fast is the blood flow in various vessels?
What type of CCD system is required to take photos of luciferase
What is the maximum potential sucrose concentration of plant sap? What keeps plants below this potential?
Why is methylcellulose used in pharmaceuticals?
Why is blood pressure higher the more distal an artery is?
If the xylem of a woody plant is composed of dead tissue, how does sapwood become heartwood?
Why does Rigor Mortis occur after death?
How long does it take for E. coli to shift feedstocks?
What do we know about LUCA?
What conditions are necessary for HPL (human pancreatic lipase) to activate?
How to clone and sequence a gene transcript of unknown sequence?
Where do the bacteria within the vagina originate from?
Why are goosebumps so ineffective at keeping us warm?
Spatial resolutions in optical microscopy
Electricity generated by the body and its applications?
Why is maintaining a circadian rhythm important?
Why are some bodily fluids more of an infection risk than others?
Glomerular Filtration Rate
What&#39;s the aim of genetically modifying of foods/organisms?
Is it the sphincter that flexes when a human pushes a bowel movement?
Is there a dominant gene for right-handedness?
Solution based measurement of Solvent-Accessible Surface Area of macromolecules
Do any animals other than humans undergo menopause?
Difference between strand-specific and not strand-specific RNA-seq data
Why are melodies/harmonies perceived as pleasurable by humans?
Downloadable worldwide database of disease statistics?
What data / tools exist for mapping of disease trends?
Is it possible to live without health problems sleeping one day and not the other?
Under what circumstances and why is terrific broth preferred to LB broth for E.coli growth?
Finding DNA from Amino Acid sequence problem
Why can&#39;t we breed watermelons without any remaining seeds in the flesh?
Is it plausible that eukaryotic organelles like flagella and cilia are the result of endosymbiosis with spirochetes?
Did animals evolve from plants?
Why doesn&#39;t yearly screening for lung cancer decrease mortality rates?
Primary function of the enzyme lipoprotein lipase
What is the effective relatedness of inbreeding?
Is there a maximum amount of antibodies your body can keep?
Is it better to take a half dose of paracetamol and a half dose of ibuprofen together rather than a full dose of either?
Is there a Reverse Transcription optimization for long, 9kb, transcripts?
What causes knuckle &quot;popping&quot; and the feeling of relief that comes from it?
Are there dog breeds that are so far apart genetically that they can&#39;t produce viable offspring?
What would be the best dredging/trawling tools to collect macrofaunal priapulids?
Is there a comprehensive database of fossils (with images) online?
Why are we using upper teeth and lower lip on labiodental sounds?
Is sexual reproduction outside the same biological family possible? Has it ever occured successfully?
How do the pharmacodynamics of the NSAIDs differ and are there &quot;resistant&quot; COX phenotypes?
Why can&#39;t the brain and red blood cells use fuels other than glucose?
A timeline of the odds for survival for fertilized eggs and fetuses
Do drugs always degrade after they have passed their expiration date?
Why does the gender of the parent species determines the species of a hybrid offspring
Is there a program that simulates biology on a molecular level?
What is the life cycle of a wart?
How much energy does a cell expend maintaining its contents?
Why aren&#39;t mitochondria and plastids considered symbiotes of eukaryotic cells?
What is the concentration of ATP in an average cell?
How realistic is to use DNA for long term storage?
Disadvantages of unihemispheric sleep
Does every mitochondrion in a cell contain the same DNA?
Predators faking to be not hungry?
Do antibiotics attenuate immune response on subsequent exposure to same bacteria?
Is there any documented evidence for suicide among vertebrates other than humans?
Does human digestive system benefit from eating same kind of food consistently?
How to prevent protein precipitation?
Digital Genomic Footprinting for ENCODE
How well does it actually work to surgically reroute the optical nerve?
Does DNA contain information beyond protein synthesis?
How are antibodies designed?
What is the difference between an antibiotic and an antibacterial?
Use of amino-acid sequences versus use of nucleotide sequences in phylogenetic analysis
Scoring sequence against position weight matrix
Why can&#39;t humans drink sea water?
Should we be looking for extra-terrestrial life on comets?
Can Bioluminescence drive photosynthesis?
What hair do aquatic mammals have?
Preferred Aspect Ratio for Human Eyes
Why is Galapagos island so special?
Do crocodiles age?
Would exposure to a strong magnetic field have deleterious effect on the human?
How much weight/volume do microbes occupy within the human body?
How do prokaryotes perform cellular respiration without membrane-bound organelles?
What kind of event would cause the current Mitochondrial Eve to be replaced by a new one?
What is the composition of human feces?
Has any large-scale origin-of-life simulation/experiment been done?
Why people like to see pornographic scenes, but do not feel the same about eating scenes?
What prevents a pregnant woman&#39;s immune system from recognizing her fetus as nonself (and attacking)?
How can a three-base codon evolve from a two-base codon?
Can you consider a human as alive, or is it the cells on the body that are alive?
How do Benzodiazepines induce Rewarding (Euphoric) effects?
Why can ATP not be stored in excess?
Why doesn&#39;t recombination occur in male Drosophila?
Are animals that live in areas where avalanches happen equipped to deal with that?
Agarose vs agar? Why do DNA gels use agarose only and how do you obtain agarose from agar?
How is instinctual information encoded?
Where can I find historical data on world-wide ecology parameters?
What would cause E. coli to change from filamentous growth to normal growth?
What is the smallest molecule that can present as an antigen to the immune system in the context of allergies?
BLAST DNA Sequences Reversed
How do ants sense imminent rainfall?
Is it true that oral sex exists in non-human animals?
Organism identification, what is this?
Could humans and chimpanzees hybridize?
Why must a planet be in a star&#39;s &quot;habitable zone&quot; to have life?
Reasons why people say that AIDS/HIV doesn&#39;t exist
Why pouring salt in the wounds is painful?
Model for fluctuating selection
What does the evidence suggest about how Neanderthals became extinct?
why is AUG the initiation codon?
Genetic Drift: Models, assumptions and empirical observations
Which part of the brain needs to be shut down to lose conciousness?
Is it a limitation of the eyes, or the brain, that we can&#39;t see a moving bullet?
Does the Petri dish lid orientation on workbench affect aseptic technique?
how to close a severed artery/vein?
Why do humans find baby animals cute?
What does fitness really mean?
Do men have a higher genetic variance than women?
Why does the chance of having a baby with Down&#39;s syndrome increase with the age of the mother?
More variation in proteins than genes. Why?
Can humans transdermally absorb minerals from ocean water, and if so how much?
Dogs bark at familiar person in Santa costume. Why? Don&#39;t dogs trust smell over vision?
Neuroendocrinal mechanism of parturition
Why is the number of PCR cycles limited?
Gloves for Cell Culture?
Why do I need a flu shot every year, while many other vaccinations last years or even a lifetime?
Why don&#39;t birds in flocks fly into each other?
Is there a protein in the eye that gets kinked by photons and shipped down to the liver to get un-kinked?
Can a neuron make a synapse onto itself?
How does the ebola virus attack?
How can antibiotics damage the ear?
How does yeast dissolve in sugar?
How long does it take for memory to disperse after death?
What&#39;s the worst that can happen from eating too many spicy peppers? Can you die?
A question about the intersection of evolution and thermodynamics
What are the ecological effects of moderately high and prolonged concentrations of nitrogen deposition on an ecosystem?
First RNA polymerase-mRNA
How should I feed and keep an ant queen?
Do ants feel acceleration?
Perspiration after drinking water
How did these apples grow together?
What is the female equivalent of the morning erection that some men experience?
How can flies sense mirrors?
How does Halosulfuron-methyl kill nutsedge, while leaving lawn grass and most weeds undamaged?
Is there any completely Computation Drug ever launched in market?
Can a bacteriophage be used to treat bacterial diseases?
Why do fat people tire quickly?
What happens to bones that do not heal?
Why is the current Ebola outbreak different from previous outbreaks?
What is this microscopic image from Peter Gabriel&#39;s New Blood album cover?
Does a bigger breast give creamier milk?
How can I find a complete human genome file
What&#39;s the difference between growing cells in culture and cloning them?
How do I put on a labcoat?
Additive genetic variance components from LMER in R
Hill&#39;s function for translational regulation
What is this beetle? Found in heather in snowdonia
Fate of erythrocytes after splenectomy
Can a human cell live indefinetely in a controlled environment?
How to find miRNA binding sites on a specific gene?
If my brain lost all of its activity for a moment, would my memory be gone too?
Do the right-handed people tend to use the right side teeth of their jaw to chew food more often than the left-handed people?
How to validate the regulatory interactions inferred from gene expression data?
Single long axon vs serial neurons
Evolution: One big population vs. many small populations
Mass spectrometry versus western blotting for validation
Why do humans hear better between 2kHz and 5kHz?
What&#39;s the smallest size a human eye can see?
Why don&#39;t we see turbulence in the aorta even in normal situations?
What is the human ear&#39;s temporal resolution?
Have there been studies done to test Immortality of Cancer Cells on culture?
Why don&#39;t breast enlargements leave any marks of surgery on breasts?
How does the molecular machinery choose where to cut a chromosome for recombination?
How to name such grouping behaviour?
What senses are active while sleeping?
All UniprotIDs of a cancer pathway
What is it about the housekeeping genes that makes them almost immune to gene regulation?
What is a group of tortoises called?
Why are cell lines frozen in vapor phase?
Why aren&#39;t green eyes more prevalent?
Why is iodine used for metabolic hormones?
What is the difference between organelle membranes?
Why vaccines do not cause bacterial resistance?
How long can Cholera bacteria survive in a dead host?
What will happen if a scorpion pierces itself?
Why do people with Down syndrome get fewer cancers?
What sample sizes are ideal for carrying out Bayesian Skyline Plots?
Where is the aneurysm in this picture?
Is there any way a human could whistle and be unable to speak?
Should we induce fever to assist healing?
Splice in with CRISPR/Cas
What is this pink-flowering plant found in Shanghai, China in March?
Why did humans evolved the scratch reflex?
Why are people unable to develop lasting immunity against Norovirus?
What specific membrane adaptations do cells have for saline-rich environs?
How can I produce milligram quantities of an isotope-labeled DNA oligomer?
How do I prepare and clone from E. coli DNA?
How can I keep HEK cells alive while expressing NMDA receptors?
Are cerebellar basket and stellate neurons actually different cell types?
Where does vasoconstriction occur in limbs?
Mechanism of syndesmophyte growth in AS
Alternate genetic codes in newly sequenced organisms
How can I measure bacterial alkaline phosphatase activity?
What do the variants on the PolyT sequence mean?
To understand why satellite cells are genetically inactive in Barr body
Can oxygen diffuse out through the lungs?
Is &quot;exhaustion&quot; of the Hodgkin-Huxley membrane at constant stimulation a real phenomenon?
What is the mechanism of transgene integration (from expression vector to the host genome)?
Which human cell lines do not express the GLP-1 receptor?
What are the function(s) of Alu elements in the cell?
The effect of the start codon GTG on translation in E. coli
What is the origin of &quot;melting&quot; in molecular genetics?
Is it possible to trace of the ancestry of a person by only using his/her genetic information?
How do you knockout an E. coli gene without disrupting the rest of the gene cluster?
How are whole Haplotypes for Sequencing isolated?
How exactly does long-term tension (over months) build up in the ligaments, tendons, muscles?
What effect does ambient temperature have on the cardiovascular system?
Does cooking ginger reduce its anti-nausea effect?
If I put a cup over a spider, and leave it there for a day, will the spider survive?
Can a living organism run on electricity?
Does consuming sodium benzoate (preservative E211) cause problems during pregnancy?
Does Human Female Meiosis II occur after fertilization with sperm?
What is the eye muscle status when you stare at distant view through a glass wall?
Why do people look different after a long sleep?
Can protein structure be determined by X-Ray Diffraction in a single image?
Mitosis in human body
When do most mammals mate?
X chromosome &quot;weight&quot;?
How do plants &#39;tell time&#39; for circadian rhythms based on a ~24 cycle?
Can any other animal choke on food?
Determining potential protease sites within a recombinant protein
PDB Mining: Why Do I Find Atoms Less than 1 Angstrom Apart?
Why does RNA adopt an A-form helix?
Is there a binding affinity metric for interactions not in equilibria?
Compare and contrast &quot;Rubisco activity&quot; and &quot;assimilation rate&quot; (is there a difference, and if so, what is it)?
Is there a standard format for plant community composition data?
Single hormone opposite effects
Free Radicals for aging
What causes light to be brighter in the corner of the eyes?
Is there a biological basis for different accents?
How do white Caladiums perform enough photosynthesis to support their mass?
How does &quot;be altruist to those who are similar to you&quot; evolve?
What is the number of cells in a line of a fingerprint?
Could an animal with an open circulatory system survive in a near-zero gravity environment?
Can any plant regenerate missing tissue?
How do fungi react to being grown in a tissue culture?
Providing small molecules to cells on a filter plate
Which factors besides the thermodynamic stability are important for the hairpin in intrinsic transcription termination?
What is the difference between &quot;dikaryotic&quot; and &quot;heterokaryotic&quot; states in the sexual lifecyles of fungi?
Does the MS2 RNA binding protein have any translational repression effects?
How does Iota-Carrageenan achieve an antiviral effect?
How do we know the brain flips images projected on the retina back around?
Soma-soma paired neurons
How do Proteins migrate in MES vs. MOPS
When collecting cell lysates for a Western blot, how do I induce di-sulfide bonds?
What is the difference between copy number changes with and without allelic imbalance?
What is the fastest way to build an alanine scanning library?
Altering the human genome
Protein Biology Cheat Sheet
Weighing 2 vertical halves of the human body
Can one dendrite pass through another?
How was the guided daily amount (GDA) calculated?
What is the biology behind a skin &quot;mole&quot;?
Linkage and LD: quantitative or qualitative?
Which functional annotations could be useful?
How can I normalize mRNA samples for sequencing?
What are key factors when evaluating and comparing miniprep columns?
Why is the Patellar reflex not triggered when the tendon is extended slowly?
obesity risk and single gene polymorphisms
How do nuclear receptors locate each other to form a DNA loop?
Protein construct design
The evolution of dogs through domestication and artificial selection
How Does Green Tea Increase Metabolism?
Why animals can move and plants cannot in general?
Does becoming martyr have an evolutionary advantage?
Skeletal muscle without antagonist
Why are some menstrual cycles irregular?
What makes a wet dog so stinky?
ChIP-seq vs ChIP-exo
Does the word &quot;polymorphism&quot; refer to the gene, the phenotype, or both?
How fast do different organs turn over cells?
Introductory literature for synthetic / systems biology?
What are the consequences of voluntary total celibacy?
Why do people have darker skin in sunnier climates?
Can I estimate leaf temperature from air temperature? What other information would be required?
Genetic Models for Natural Selection?
Do any plants exhibit hormonal changes similar to puberty?
How does one measure the length of telomeres?
Why is the Kakapo more attracted to humans than its own kind?
Can I image Coomassie and GFP in gels at the same time with a fluorescence scanner?
Does a mydriatic drug neutralize the action of a miotic?
How does Yeast-two-hybrid detect interactions between several proteins in one experiment?
Why is the human body able to repair a broken bone and not a heart muscle?
Sequence of ribosomal RNA
How to compute properties of peptides ?
Do egg laying animals experience a pregnancy?
Why don&#39;t all ants have wings?
Exactly which amino acids are phosphorylated in higher plants during state transitions?
What alternatives are there to the amyloid hypothesis?
Can an organism obtaining a part of its genome via horizontal gene transfer be called a &quot;hybrid&quot;?
Do mosquitoes need to pump blood out of the host?
Is it possible for parasitic wasp to alter the behaviour of it&#39;s host after emerging from it?
Making penicillin using animals - specifically, a goat
Why do stranded marine mammals die so quickly?
Rosetta ab initio prediction and protein-protein interaction fitness help
What distinguishes &quot;coding&quot; and &quot;noncoding&quot; DNA from each other?
Pharmacologically, can tricyclic antidepressants have a side-effect profile similar to neuroleptics?
Which poison makes seastars inedible to possible predators?
What is this crow eating, and is it a common part of the corvid diet?
When giving blood, what is the specific Iron measurement they take?
circulating microRNAs are functional?
Why do I smell flowers after sneezing?
What really happens when a body is tired?
Do goldfish really have a 5 second memory span?
Does drinking coffee have negative effects?
Do antisense transcripts have different names than their sense strand transcripts?
Are there any solitary species of ant or termite?
What determines the colors and patterns of a clam shell?
A mathematician&#39;s confusion regarding parametric $t$ tests for gene expression data
How does one maintain balance sleepwalking?
What preceded ATP synthase?
Is there such thing as &quot;meters per calorie&quot; for living organisms?
Recombinant protein fraction in E. coli
What is the benefit of near-emptying the bloodstream in the mammalian kidney?
What measures are commonly used for the complexity of an organism?
How does a single-stranded RNA bind to a double-stranded DNA to form a &quot;triplex structure&quot;?
How does the body measure dehydration?
Is nicotine toxic to humans?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using beta-galactosidase compared to luciferase as a reporter gene?
What happens when we know that there is something that we forgot but we can&#39;t remember what it was?
Can a human smell through the ears?
Gene &amp; Protein nomenclature: N-Myc, c-Myc, et. al
Bacterial cell lysis - what solution to use?
How do warm-blooded animals keep their temperatures constant?
HIV Rapid Tests
Why Can&#39;t A Male Mule Have Offspring?
Can allelopathy succesfully be used against algal blooms?
How can you test what color different people perceive?
At what age do babies begin to synthesize their own antibodies?
Why does having cold hands hurt?
Why are 3 nucleotides used as codons for amino-acid mapping in DNA?
Finding proteins in DNA sequence
Cell Respiration and Oxidative Phosphorylation
Does every human eye see the same visible spectrum?
Are there examples of encryption in nature?
Can spider silk be synthesized for 3D printing with spider silk?
Can forensic DNA analysis be used to generate a visual approximation of a suspect?
What causes XYY Syndrome?
What is the difference between a circular and a cat&#39;s-eye pupil?
In humans what is the last metabolic process to cease after death?
How is the exogenous DNA protected from degradation during bacterial transformation?
Why do dogs try to cover their poop?
Does darker skin color make it easier to live under sun?
Why do many fruit trees have five-petaled flowers?
Does the human ear adapt to noise levels?
If Evolution Is In Progress, Why Fight Extinction?
Why aren&#39;t organelles considered alive?
Why does it hurt more when you touch a nerve directly?
Can sexual reproduction create new genetic information?
Do non-human animals suffer from insomnia?
How do animals perform detailed active camouflage?
Excretion of monovalent and divalent ions in sharks
Intracellular lipid transport
Same 185th million grandfather?
How do people who have lost both of their legs produce red blood cells?
Do teeth have the capacity to heal?
What is the name of the appendage that mantis shrimp use to rub their eyes?
What is the limit of time resolution in fMRI?
Suitable introductory book on Bioinformatics for a computer scientist?
How to obtain bacteria samples at home?
What biological processes cause leaves to change colours in Autumn?
Any food crops that could grow in a desert provided that they get fertilizer and water
Are there any scientifically based predictions or theories of future human evolution?
Do invasive species cause long-term damage to ecosystems they invade?
What exactly happens if during translation, an amino acid is not present?
How significant is RNA degradation with removal of cap/polyA&#39;s in eukaryotes, or UTR&#39;s in prokaryotes?
Free software for measuring parts of an image?
How to reduce/eliminate cell clumping in suspension CHO cells, without using an anti clumping agent?
What is the potential function of ultra-conserved elements in the genome?
On average how many genes / alleles do people share?
RNA seq and using of Poly(A) or non-Poly(A) based amplification of RNA
Are there echolocating insects?
Does our DNA change during our lives?
Yellow/Orange Fungus on Oak Tree
Cytoplasmic determinants - protostomes and deuterostomes
Why is ATP the preferred choice for energy carriers?
Difference in length of Okazaki fragments
Why is fructose not glucose the main energy source of sperm?
Organisms as potential Bio-Weapons?
How much does a biological experiment to validate a gene function cost?
Can cancer cells in the same person, organ, and origin have different DNA?
How should I put a large phylogeny into a scientific paper?
The Assumption of Weak Selection?
is it possible to completely reconstruct a family tree by DNA comparison alone?
What causes skewed lanes in a DNA gel electrophoresis experiment?
Are recessive, deleterious alleles less common on the X chromosome than the autosomes in humans?
Looking for a DNA sequence
Selection on linked loci in a diploid population
Can a carnivorous animal consume plants with no adverse effects?
How can highly virulent but uncommon diseases (like ebola) maintain a stable equilibrium?
List of np-hard problems in biology/bioinformatics
Crusty eyes in the morning
Can oncogenesis happen without apoptosis pathway being affected?
What species is this mammal?
What is the normal duration of human sexual intercourse?
Identification of species found in fly lab
Why is there no way to remove an immune response?
Help with the Price equation
Does a walk after a meal help with digestion?
How are Maggots Sterilized (Disinfected)?
Identify a bird
Is the number of legs in myriapoda determined entirely by the genome?
Does urine therapy really work?
How tolerant are ants to cold?
Can HIV be transmitted via breastfeeding?
What is the best file format to store gel images?
Why do flies fly in circles?
Is there a correlation between total neurons and intelligence?
Which phylum appeared most recently
How does Sodium Valproate cause neural plasticity
Dark veil when getting up too fast
What limits the speed of human perception?
Why do Mangoes have a single large seed, and not multiple small ones?
Facultative Cannibalism?
How do I read a sequence logo?
Books for biology,popular but rigorous?
Where does extra blood come from to fill your muscles during exercise?
Extinction of species
Why Did 6 Great Ape Species Survive But Only 1 Hominid Species?
Possible reasons for DNA getting stuck in well
What are the effects of sleep deprivation?
(How) can a pink grasshopper exist?
What is this creature?
What is this fuzzy, black fungus that grew on my plates in the 4⁰C room?
What about a bat&#39;s immune system protects them from Ebola?
How does Natural Selection shape Genetic Variation?
Can a single axon propagate multiple simultaneous action potentials?
Why do birds move their heads abruptly?
RNA-Seq library construction challenges: the biases of RNA fragmentation vs cDNA fragmentation
How long does a mosquito take to land on a host, bite, and fly off?
Where do lost membrane proteins go after exocytosis?
How fast do cancer cells divide, compared to normal cells?
Fisher&#39;s Geometric Model for Dummies
Why does botulinum toxin seem to be more dangerous to humans than to other mammals?
What is the biological reason for a burst appendix being potentially lethal?
Can you get enough water by eating only fish?
How does an embryo know where to grow limbs etc
HIV and effectiveness of inhibitor cocktail over single inhibitor
Why does sex last so long?
How many eukaryotes are there on Earth?
Evidence &amp; discussions of hard polytomy
B cell receptor editing
Why do plants fruit?
Can human organs be transplanted indefinitely?
Can we determine a person&#39;s age by dating methods or other means?
Does one parent transmit more DNA to the offspring than the other one?
Does THC excretion increase if urine volume increases?
Can rapid eye blinking induce epileptic seizures?
Can a human acquire a memory of an animal?
How does the cornea breathe during sleep?
Why deoxyribose for DNA and ribose for RNA?
How are bones growing, if bones are not connected to the brain?
Use cases of RNA secondary structure prediction
What is the science behind the inaccurate perception of colors?
Can the eye distinguish between pure and composite colours and how do we measure this?
Hamilton&#39;s derivation of direct fitness from his 1970 paper
Are pulp cells (in oranges) normal plant cells?
Can humans live without their right atrium?
Why is an allele dominant or recessive?
Why do we have more male infant born?
Can people with paralyzed eye muscles see?
What evolutionary advantages are provided by ovoviviparity?
Why do human eyes glow red on a photo and dog&#39;s eyes green?
How well does the radius of a tree correlate with its age?
What creates the feeling of &#39;excess&#39; blood pressure to an area of the body?
Why can good music raise goosebumps?
Can the human brain be reduced to a binary system?
A good textbook on GMO
Are bacteria necessary for an individual&#39;s life, or, how long could a person live without bacteria?
Why do some vaccines last longer than others?
Do other animals have different blood types?
What triggers the migration of robins?
Mechanism by which $lacI^{d}$ is a dominant mutation, impairing the function of normal copies of the Lac Repressor
Do DNA repressors exist?
Do butterflies see behind?
Naming convention of miRNAs
Behavioral change in dolphins during different hemispheres activity periods?
Is it possible for a human to wake up in a wrong way?
Reasons for the HIV-1 epidemic
Identifying an insect looking like a crumle
Why do people feel pleasure when using roller coasters / centrifuges?
What conditions should I use for Gel Red staining?
What are good resources for self-learning modern molecular biology concepts?
Latency to audition in human beings?
How Do Large Ocean Viruses Form Their Own Organelles?
Where can I find the common names for the zoology taxonomy?
In C. elegans, why does knock-down of cco-1 in some tissues increase lifespan, and knock-down of cco-1 in other tissues decrease lifespan?
Why would stablising selection ever happen?
Reverse transcription PCR optimization
First discovery of long-term depression?
Could someone recommend a book for surveying species?
How are chromatids correctly segregated during mitosis?
How are the gene sequences of individual sperm and egg cells &quot;randomized&quot;?
How does an inhibitory synapse communicate to the cell body of a neuron?
Why are beta-galactosidase proteins overexpressed in senescent cells?
What is a good Non Fluorescent DNA Dye?
What cells would have the CD3 marker on them (other than T-cells)
What&#39;s a good reference for choosing histological staining chemicals?
Why does so much variation exist within species?
What is the average Leg-to-Foot Length/Width Ratio?
What is the total number of rounds of cleavage during mammalian embryonic development?
Which organisms have the neuroanatomy Roger Penrose supposes play a role in consciousness?
What is the main general difference between Mitosis and Meiosis?
How does water move throughout plants?
Is there a term for tool use in animals?
Density of neurons/cells in the mouse brain
What forms the human amniotic sac?
Which cryogenic vials and caps are ideal for storing glycerol stocks?
PCR amplification and error propagation
Stabbing muscles when flexed and when relaxed
Ideal low-protein binding membranes
Why do glial cells of the retina become more abundant the closer they are to the optic nerve?
How do ribosomes contribute to their own synthesis?
Human sleep cycles and dream times, what influences the timing and intensity? Sleep history included
Is there an enzyme for the transformation of the hydroxyl group?
What would cause bands to appear lower on a nonreduced SDS-PAGE gel?
Is there a tool to find the action of an enzyme in a metabolic pathway?
Basic Amino Acid Residue Binding Mechanism to DNA
Are there any other animals that become attached to a non-living object?
On which date did the official name change of Lactobacillus sanfranciscensis change?
Why does the T7 RNA Polymerase require a reducing environment ie. DTT
Do immature fruits perform photosynthesis?
For how long and how cold should I perform ethanol/isopropanol precipitations of RNA or DNA?
Brain + ethanol experiment suggestions needed
Effect of spaying on the female cat organism and health
Effect of histidine on the binding affinity of HisP
Are cells really the basic unit of all life?
What temperature should mammalian B-Cells be stored at outside of the incubator?
Mechanics of going from DNA sequence to metabolic network
Compressing structural information in PDB files
What&#39;s the use of DNA sequencing results?
What happens to snakes that swallow rodents as a whole?
number of RNA pol II molecules in a given human nucleus?
Purpose of poly(A)+ RNA?
What happens to a human body once a sugary snack is consumed?
Is there such thing as a generic &quot;metabolic type&quot;?
Genetic effects on personality
Why do the brains of cocaine-users shrink faster than the brains of non-cocaine users?
Does anyone have any TOPO directional cloning tips?
Does muscle growth trigger angiogenesis?
How Do Adherent Cells In Culture Attach To A Plastic Dish?
Is it true that newborn babies don&#39;t produce tears while crying? Why?
Molecularly, why can you straighten or perm hair?
If a non-mammal is starved of oxygen for some time, how long would it take the animal&#39;s neurons to die?
How similar are Circulating Tumor Cells and Cancer Stem Cells?
How long is DNA stable in a freezer?
Is it purely the nervous system causing vaginal lubrication (arousal)?
Decreasing the alcohol proof and faster in hangover, why?
Question: Annotation search in scientific literature
Modern Whales with Vestigial legs Myth?
Bicoid regulation of hunchback
Macrophage pathogen fixation
harvesting fertilized eggs from Tetraodontidae species?
Reproduction and defecation
Can I compare Shannon indices of metagenome gene data?
phylogenetic analysis of gene enrichment?
How can I predict DNA binding affinities from a protein sequence?
What is the correct model for enzyme-substrate complementarity?
Are the cytosol and extracellular fluids electrically neutral?
Understanding Membrane / Resting Potential from the perspective of ions?
Is there a relationship between efficiency of cellular metabolism and warm-blooded-ness?
Effect of single-gene overexpression in the cell&#39;s response
Can NSAIDs impact negatively the healing of tendons?
How and why did mouth and nasal cavity evolve separate?
Finding the number of chromosomes of an organism
Are there any DNA base sequences that are fully conserved between the genomes of all humans?
Designing genes with DNAWorks: Maximum nonzero score?
What is the relative power of GWAS studies in different species?
Alternatives to fittest-win and Moran processes as simple mathematical models of selection
How do archaea relate to eukaryotes and bacteria?
DNA methylation and genome size
Examples of intracellular parasites of medical or economic importance?
What&#39;s the state of the art in designing and creating your own life forms?
How do I deal with sticky and viscous samples from cell lysates?
What is the relationship between migraines and histamine?
Photosynthetic Pigments vs. Chloroplasts
Is there a detectable amount of bacterial DNA in the blood of infected persons?
Intrinsic apoptosis in erythrocytes
Genetic Diversity and Adaptation
How and when did a dedicated immune system evolve?
What are the white dots on the tree in this photo?
Computational/mathematical models for predicting phenotype from genotype
DNA modifications other than 5-mC/5-hmC/5-fC/5-caC in vertebrate genomes?
Macromolecule levels in daughter cells after fission
On the effect of polluted air on health. Is it more gradual, or more immediate?
How is hibernation/aestivation different from anesthesia?
What is the biological mechanism linking temperature and probability to be infected with a virus?
Is there a biological basis to physical attraction?
How are synaptic vesicles brought to the synapse?
Why are pilots under the illusion of gaining altitude without doing so?
What gaseous substances do humans emit?
What is Mendelian Randomization, and how is it used to infer causality in epidemiology?
(Rough) Model for DNA evolution in E. coli genes
Why do DNA and RNA have the functions they have?
Are there any effects of elevated Cysteine levels on cognitive function?
Have there been attempts to identify Chomsky&#39;s &quot;language mutation&quot; in humans?
Predicting and identifying microbes and enzymes DNA sequence with metabolic prediction
Why are some viruses not communicable person-to-person?
How exactly are game theoretical evolutionary models described during implementation for computer simulations?
Models of quorum sensing for multi-agent systems
Methods of nuclear transfection - nuclear transport
Influence of alcohol on brain cells
What reasons allow for women to outlive men?
laboratory mice, nutrition, and humans
What is the life-span of the various organs in the human body?
What is the effect of garlic on intestinal flora?
Why is membrane potential not zero at equilibrium?
Can female Drosophila melanogaster lay eggs without males?
Why are antibiotics prescribed with a viral infection like a cold?
How are babies born without a brain?
What causes the characteristic &#39;gleam&#39; in the eye of a living being?
Why do grapes not shrink when placed in strong sugar solution?
How do cells &quot;know&quot; what &quot;type&quot; to differentiate into?
Is it possible to increase lifespan through controlled evolution?
Number of spindle fibres during Metaphase?
What is the oldest example of DNA identified?
Why do the feet of the Gecko Lizard not stick to Teflon surfaces?
Do other male mammals except for humans have nipples?
Do diurnal birds of prey recognize each other by their appearance?
Do all mushrooms have the same multicellular ancestor?
Are there genes in humans from the common ancestor of all organisms?
How are Genetic Circuits Modelled?
$S_{0.5}$ vs $K_m$ values in enzyme kinetics
Do omnivore mammals vary food preferences based on dietary needs?
Does artificial heat (shower/tea) affect diurnal rhythms in humans?
How did giraffes develop their rete mirabile failsafe?
How to Design an siRNA Experiment?
HDL- and LDL-cholesterol
Determining if a specific proline is cis or trans in the protein?
What is the difference between xDNA and yDNA?
DAM enzyme distances move along the genome
What mechanisms tell temperate trees when to drop leaves?
What are the biological mechanisms behind the increase in cancer risk and alcohol consumption?
Will a bone marrow transplant change one&#39;s blood type?
How efficient is the sodium-potassium pump ?
How do neurons form new connections in brain plasticity?
Why does getting certain chemicals in cuts hurt?
What is the function of the RNA primer in DNA replication?
How to map the Gene name to its Gene Symbol?
Proteins that are strongly overproduced in E. coli and S. cerevisiae?
Is warmth/temperature sensed linearly or on a different scale?
Is there a normal human melatonin concentration to light level curve?
How do infectious bacteria know when their numbers are high enough to attack a host?
If re-boiling does not curdle the milk, can that be taken as an indicator that the milk hasn&#39;t developed the bacteria (and their toxins)?
Why do people feel extreme cold at different temperatures compared to other people of same body structure?
Does body temperature affect human lifespan?
Why does not the host produce any immune response to antiserum antibodies?
How long will norovirus live?
Can jellyfish improve Black Sea environment?
Do animal cells have vacuoles?
Is the eyes&#39; movement discrete?
Can positive and negative blood type of a couple lead to miscarriage?
Can a tumor produce something not currently found in our own bodies?
Cooking with sawdust
Do adjacent axons in a nerve influence each other?
Are all chromosomes equally susceptible to mutation?
Long term effects of &quot;brain freeze&quot; on the cerebral vasculature
Do mammals develop tolerance to anticholinergics?
Why do antidepressants have a delayed onset of action?
Is there any kind of immortality in plants?
What&#39;s the difference between a plant and an animal?
How does skin healing work?
What kind of bird species is this?
Excretion of small kangaroos while in the pouch
Why is absorbance at 280 nm for protein solution going up when I measure repeatedly?
How selfish is Dictyostelium slug formation?
Does GTP-γS (GTP gamma S) bind all GTP-binding proteins?
Is there a comprehensive life science techniques/methods database?
How does Topoisomerase II inhibition affect cancer cells?
Primary cilia: what cell types have non-motile cilia that migrate?
Very high 260/230 absorbance ratio of an RNA sample
How does plant grafting work?
How was the first ribosome theorized to have been made?
Why did the urinary bladder evolve?
How long can I store autoclaved disposables and reagents?
Chromosomes are of different size but why do all chromosomes have similar GC percentage?
Exercise causes number of cell divisions to approach Hayflick limit faster? And hence shorten life expectancy?
What is the minimum population size that Hardy-Weinberg calculations can be applied to?
Why do neurons die so fast without oxygen and nutrients?
Why does sexual selection evolve beautiful features?
Why human cannot stand still in one place?
What could cause hairs to gray at the tips but not the roots?
What causes adenosine build up in the brain when awake?
What is the best way to express two proteins in a mammalian cell?
If life is discovered on another planet, will it likely be classified using the current domain/kingdom/phylum system?
What percentage of protein isoforms have different functions?
Why does plucking nose hair cause tears in the eyes?
What controls the southern range of willows?
Differences Between Protein Motifs and Protein Domains?
Would muscle fatigue still occur if aerobic conditions for a working muscle is maintained?
Is local equilibrium a reasonable assumption for evolutionary processes?
Why dogs move their noses when smelling?
What is the distinction between chemokines, cytokines, interferons and interleukins?
Do immortal organisms exist?
How many species did Carl Linnaeus classify?
How long can a naked human survive on Mars?
How does a pinched nerve cause pain (at the molecular level)?
Cat purring: What are some possible underlying mechanisms behind purring and bone remodeling and formation?
What happens to an ant colony when the queen dies?
Can any species be bred selectively/engineered to become as diverse looking as dogs?
Why are males more likely than females to have autism spectrum disorder?
Why do neurons have a negative resting potential?
Can breathing in helium (from balloons for example) cause damage to the throat in the long term?
Why does ostrich meat look and taste more like beef than chicken?
Why can cats interpret things on a monitor/tv, but dogs cannot?
What causes the colors we see in eyes?
Why do we squint when tasting very sour things?
What is the viability of Intelligent Design as a supplement to chemical abiogenesis and Darwinian Evolution?
Mitochondrial DNA and recombination
Can two hammerhead ribozymes simultaneously cleave each other?
Why do toenails grow much slower than fingernails?
Goats are so fearless but sheep are not. Is there any genetic difference responsible?
Species Identification - small insect: is this a bed bug?
Is there a preferred sleeping position for humans?
Do animals get sick from eating dirty food or eating off the floor?
Why do people sleep with their eyes open?
How do lilies sense day and night and open and close their flowers?
Why are diabetic people often overweight?
How to search for organisms by criteria such as growth substrate and overflow metabolites?
Why are women more susceptible to radiation?
Examples of references for mathematical approaches in bioinformatics that are applicable to linguistics?
Does RNA polymerase move around DNA or does DNA rotate benath the polymerase?
Does a blood transfusion cure disease?
evolutionary reason behind sharing the same path for food and air?
Why does the heart use lipids (and not glucose)?
What evolutionary adaptations cause trees to grow tall?
Why does radiation sickness cause hair to fall out?
What did we learn with Nazi human experimentation?
Is there a website that shows population sizes?
If I built a concrete pool, would it ever contain fish?
Puffball mushroom species ID?
Is telomere shortening consistant over consecutive cell divisions from zygote to a differentiated cell?
Why do most mammals have long snouts?
The real definition of carbohydrates
Why do different bacteria have different shapes?
When designing primers how important is the GC clamp?
Why are humans and almost every species on earth symmetrical?
How to measure bacterial content
Whole genome amino acid composition tool?
What determines if a gene is dominant or recessive?
Does knowing the sex of each of a couple’s first N children have any marginal value in predicting the sex of child N+1?
Probability of Extinction under Genetic Drift
How well supported is the hypothesis that aging is mainly caused by the number of mutations in tissues?
What does it mean for a distribution to be &quot;consistent with a two rate-limiting stochastic steps&quot;?
What is the difference between local and global sequence alignments?
Alternatives to CFU plating for measuring number of viable cells?
Reformulation of Hamilton&#39;s rule
Does Lucid Dreaming decrease the regenerative effect of sleep?
How predictably will RNA polymerase not transcribe repetitive sequences?
Has Colony Collapse Disorder (or its equivalent) been noted in other species?
Why don&#39;t we have hair on palms?
How is color information transmitted from the eye to the brain?
How much DNA of mitochondrial origin is incorporated in main cell&#39;s DNA?
How would constantly growing nails have aided early human?
Regulation in plants bearing cleistogamous and chasmogamous flowers
What features cause mechano sensory adaptation?
Disproportion in cranial nerve innervation?
What are the lifetimes of cellular components on organelle or molecular level?
Is there a hypothesis that attempts to explain patterns of species richness along all three energy-related environmental gradients?
Refractory period in action potential
What is meant by &quot;neurotransmitters flooding the brain&quot;?
Why aren&#39;t we ambidextrous?
What type of force holds my body rigid &amp; doesn&#39;t make it collapse?
What percentage of the (additive or not) genetic variance is explained by the &#39;n&#39;- most important loci?
Healing rate of cut while suffering from a cold
Hill-Roberston effects and effective population size
How do scientists create specific mutations?
How can promoter binding sites be determined?
Gap junction turnover
Circular mRNA to produce long proteins
Visualisation of phylogeography
How many transcription factors are there?
Absorption rate of Infrequently eating animals?
How much does the distance between a transcription factor binding site and a promoter influence transcription?
How to determine whether a newly discovered dinosaur is not a young one and not an entirely different species?
What causes Paresthesia (Pins and Needles) at a cellular level?
Why did women historically have such a high mortality rate during birth?
Why are there ecosystems?
Task-dependent &quot;reversed&quot; handedness: why use left hand for some tasks? How is it controlled by the brain?
What exactly makes bananas go brown?
Evolution of Chromosome Numbers
Book suggestion on computational molecular evolution
How would the human body adjust to sleep times if we were to live in a place with different day lengths?
How Sex Evolved ? and when?
Hebbian theory &quot;fire together&quot; clarification
Why do Bee stings cause swelling?
Do birds have navels?
Have there been any theories put forward as to the reasons behind Temperature-Dependant Sex Determination in reptiles?
Exocytosis of mast cell secretory granules
Can dish soap really be used to kill ticks and fleas?
What&#39;s the difference between Ki and IC50?
Can genes change as we age?
Is fluoride toxic, and how worried should I be about it?
What&#39;s the biggest obligate anaerobic organism discovered till now?
Neuronal Architecture of the Brain
Tap vs. mineral water for drinking
Can we really &#39;discover&#39; 85% of mammalian viruses?
Do women have testosterone?
Ni-NTA purification, problem with the chaperone protein
what is the difference between &quot;cistron&quot; and &quot;gene&quot;
Which part of human eyes is getting tired?
If I squash an insect and it produces red &quot;juice&quot;, does it always mean it is a blood-sucking type?
does order of genes in a chromosome matter?
Intuitive explanation for Kin- and Group- selection
Sugar as a defence against bacteria?
Does fasting improves immunity?
Location of nucleotide synthesis and transport
Can nosebleed cause death?
Gender and age-specific mutation rate in plants
How does MSMA kill crabgrass with only minimal damage to lawn grasses?
What kind of microscope for ML/biological research?
Why doesn&#39;t Fenoxaprop-P-ethyl damage cool season lawns?
What exactly does adaptive mean?
Which species were first described by Charles Darwin?
If evolution is a gradual and continuous process, how can we say humans came about 200k years ago? What is so special about that point in time?
Why extract DNA from certain white blood cells instead of whole blood?
What regulates the timing of the motion of molecular machines during DNA Replication?
DNA extraction from agarose gel
Why are recombination rates increasing in mammals?
Why ml scale blood retrieval is required to run a blood test?
Why does replication require primers while transcription does not?
Alfred Jost&#39;s rabbit experiment: how did he actually do it?
Microsatellite shifts (peak calling) GeneMapper! Thesis help!
How do birds influence brood sex ratios?
What does &quot;Mutational Variance&quot; mean?
Chest muscle and female breast size
Why sleep? No, actually, why wake?
Do the eggs for larger litters come from the same meiosis events, or different ones?
Cross-integration of puma subspecies populations
Could this Francobelgian comic book woman really have these 4 diseases at the same time?
How the conjunctivitis virus spread just by seeing a person&#39;s eye who is infected
What is this woodlouse doing?
Where do the electrons and protons formed from biological reactions go?
Does every wave length of UV kill bacteria?
Receptors for red and far-red light in plants: Shade avoidance
Warm water bath
How does myopia develop, exactly?
Is human vision sensitive to frequency or wavelength?
Just how dangerous is ethidium bromide?
Ebola: cleaning of protective suit
Identification of small fuzzy flying insect (pic)
Effects of selection on effective population size
Alternatives to trypsin for cell detachment?
Why do I feel funny in my tummy when riding a virtual roller coaster?
How exactly can dsRNA be introduced to a cell?
How to define &quot;Quasifixation&quot; in continuous approximation of finite population?
Nucleosome wrapping direction
Why did humans lose their fur?
How do marine mammals control buoyancy?
How do insects survive the winter?
Does muscle get bigger by increase in size of individual cells or increase in number?
Find protein homologs with BLASTp
Evolutionary reasons why you cannot tickle yourself but masturbate
Are there any known mutual symbiotic relationships that has more than two agents?
What are parental antagonism &amp; parental conflict?
Why does A pair with T and G with C?
Is it biologically possible for an adult&#39;s eye color to change?
Can an organism process H₂O into H₂O₂?
Why do some internal organs regenerate?
Should I dilute DNA with water or elution buffer?
Why does DNA have its name?
Number of transcription factor genes in the human genome
Skin porosity in glans penis when erect
Why do we still have genetic disorders that show anticipation?
Why does anxiety cause diarrhea or constipation?
What does pain look like in wave form?
When are a female&#39;s eggs created?
Why doesn&#39;t Sanger (fluorescent) DNA sequencing double count nucleotides?
How does the body &quot;know&quot; how to metabolize foreign substances
When did our ancestors switch to a menstrual cycle instead of the estrous cycle?
The origin of molecular machines
Advantage of opponent color?
Blood cells penetration
How many cells does the smallest animal have?
Hamilton&#39;s inclusive fitness approach
Why do flies &quot;rub&quot; their front legs when resting?
Chickens roosting, is it sleep or torpor?
Grapefruits and CYP3A4
why is DNA antiparallel? Can it be parallel?
Why are particular laser-related skin products not recommended for darker skin tones?
What are the differences between cancer and tumour?
Relationship Between Evolution and the Increase of Entropy of Earth
How much total RNA can be extracted from Drosophila brain
What is a positive epitope fragment
What is the field of view for the human eyes?
SNPs and locations
What allows Valonia ventricosa cells to get so big?
Do people that don&#39;t feel pain shiver in the cold?
Is brain transplantation possible?
Time lapse between fresh blood&#39;s exposure to air and that same blood turning darker red-brown
Which will produce more oxygen? Less number of (larger) trees or more number of (smaller) plants?
Enzymatic error rate
Has the protein composition (with identification) in honey and other honeybee byproducts been studied?
Are sensory receptors neurons?
Do both ends of a muscle contract?
Why is blood removed from meat?
Why do most organisms have negative supercoiled DNA?
Proteins folding
Reasons why living fossils exist?
Genotype to phenotype map and the G-matrix
Why do some bacteria have most genes on the leading strand of the genome?
Are gene variants at different loci also called alleles?
Why are there no known photosynthetic archaea?
What physiological processes within a muscle cause the latent period in a muscle fiber?
&quot;Enhancers&quot; of enhancers?
Why is the opposite of plantar flexion called &quot;dorsiflexion&quot;?
Is the amount of blood that flows through every vein and artery per minute really a constant?
What level of cellular radiation is harmful for humans?
Are unilaterally deaf people able to determine where sound comes from?
Can molecular genetics make a boolean variable from a continuous variable?
Why do mitochondria fuse together?
Is there a biological neuron that spikes in response to hyperpolarizing currents?
Can the absorption of vitamins be enhanced?
Expected time for a neutral allele to reach a frequency of $p_1$ when starting at frequency $p_0$
Is there a formula for determining the % of ligand bound to a given receptor in a mixture with multiple ligands and receptors?
Why are triacylglycerols broken down before being absorbed?
Why do women live longer than men?
Circadian Clock During a Flight
What Goes on in Photosystems at the Molecular/Atomic Level?
Why differentiated cells can&#39;t &quot;undifferentiate&quot; (under normal conditions)?
Why is there smooth muscle in our bronchioles?
What is the mechanism behind plants losing their leaves?
Is a raised baseline between T and QRS normal in any ECG lead?
How do you break up cell clumps when passaging?
How does the Golgi Apparatus perform its function?
What are the different ways an exon gets spliced?
Transcription and translation of prokaryotic operons
When does oxidation destroy prions?
Does AMP/ATP ratio affect lifespan in vertebrates?
What is the benefit for cells having the ATP production regulated in mitochondria compared to being from the nucleus?
How does the enzyme ATP Synthase use a proton concentration gradient to make ATP?
What are the constraints when growing an artificial brain?
What evidence gives clues to the physiological basis for conversion disorder?
Why isn&#39;t the p16-INK4a gene involved in apoptosis expressed in heart or liver tissues?
How do you turn a minimal CIF description into a complete one?
How does water buffer a sudden drop in temperature?
When does Coelom form exactly?
What is the distinction between F&#39; plasmid and R plasmid?
How to set up a slow cooling on an AB Veriti thermal cycler?
Why is it that cats can jump so high for their size, compared with humans?
Do eye muscles relax when you close your eyes?
Fetal development, gastrulation and embryonic disc
Can genetically modified genes jump to bacteria in the eater&#39;s intestine?
How to typeset gene regulatory networks
Why dont &quot;growing degree days&quot; have units of degrees Celsius (or do they)?
Why would we overexpress Sir2 by overexpressing its hypomorph (dSir2-EP2300) in C. elegans?
Serological assays not detecting native proteins
In what ways, if any, does administration of rapamycin *not* mimic calorie restriction?
Genetic carrier Pedigree of Recessive Traits
What are the various types of protein-protein interactions
What is the distance between the 3&#39; 18s rRNA (the Kozak consensus sequence) and the A-site of eukaryotic ribosomes during protein translation?
Synthetic biology using existing cells
Difference between biological control and introducing species for conservation?
Somatosensory System
Robotic surgery for treating cancer?
What evolutionary mechanism caused felines to develop purring?
Analysing the results of real-time PCR
How do SDS-PAGE gels differ in a Bis-Tris system vs. a Tris-Glycine system?
How long does it take to stain cells?
What does the 34/70 in Saccharomyces pastorianus Weihenstephan 34/70 stand for?
RNA or ribosome, which one moves during translation?
How are the various classes of E coli genes determined?
How do I prepare a PDB for submission to the Protein Data Bank?
Descendants of dinosaurs 
First pass protein structure prediction
PCR primer in highly repetitive region
Measuring reverse transcriptase activity in E. coli
How extensive is CD47?
Could someone recommend an introductory book on epidemiology?
When to measure resting heart rate and blood pressure for following day-to-day trend?
What&#39;s the opposite of a thermophile?
Why are some plants frost tender?
Primer design for introduction of restriction sites flanking a gene of interest
How do plants intake minerals through their leaves?
What is special about the N3 buffer for Qiagen minipreps?
The genetic and physiological origins of laughter?
What generates variation in a species?
Are quaternary protein monomers unique to a particular protein complex?
Are there other mechanisms for mutation besides imperfect DNA replication?
Do somatic cells alter their own nucleotide sequence?
What is an simple way to burn glucose for visible effect?
Do hot drinks cool you down?
Did dinosaurs have more than one brain? If so, why?
tools to reconstruct the transcriptional regulatory circuits?
Formal definition of a &#39;genetic trait reservoir&#39;?
What biological systems are affected by Vitamin B6 (or B vitamins in general)?
Is there such thing as Animal non-verbal body language?
Energy use by muscles, actual work done by muscles and more
Which cells are responsible for the extracellular matrix remodeling?
How does Artificial Selection work?
Homologies to insect wings
Significance of basal lamina for outer layers of epithelium
What are tendons made of specifically
Is extreme cladism a mainstream position in the species debate?
Does every gland type have stem cells for regeneration?
How high is the energy yield of photovoltaics compared to photosynthesis?
Do you know of any disease where HLA / MHC association discovery has led to better treatment or management?
Do all plants photosynthesize with equal efficiency?
Is there any reason the common housefly continues to return to an area?
Is it possible to sequence only the 16S rRNA component? If so, how?
What is the appropriate method to send a strain?
Primer Dimer / Hairpin Algorithms
Are there any side-effects from a mosquitoes extinction?
Why do we sweat after drinking water and running?
Total amount of CO₂ / Oxygen in Bloodstream in Humans
effect of background selection on promoter regions compared to distant enhancers?
Aren&#39;t antibiotic resistant probiotics dangerous?
Why insects are so energy-efficient while flying?
Cell proliferation limit and senescence of embryonic stem cells and fibroblasts
Does a plant have to be alive for its roots to prevent erosion?
Free-flowing cells and those that are stuck together?
Is it possible for a substance to be absorbed by the hair or the scalp?
What is the lowest common denominator of cancer?
Why don&#39;t flies avoid the motorway?
What are the units of enzyme activity?
Do dogs have something different about their physiology that allows them to pant without hyperventilating?
What would cause proteins to get stuck in the stacking layer of a SDS-Page gel
Determining if a Protein Model Contains a Backbone Clash
How did butterflies evolve to have eyes on their wings?
Biological Pathway of Lipid Hypothesis
Isotype control antibodies in Flow Cytometry
Where can I find the tissue-specific protein expression levels for hTERT (telomerase subunit)?
What are good practices with reusing desalting columns
on/off behavior of neural networks
Mutation-immunity in Luria-Delbruck experiment
Phenotypic Variation of cattle - looking for academic sources
How are DNA polymerase error rates measured?
Creating a cell, not from another cell. Will it be possible?
Survival of E. coli on agar plate at -20 degree C without glycerol stock
Are some non-coding RNA spliced?
In which way would the yeast cell cope with the excess amount of methionine in the growth media? 
Why was polyploidy not lethal in certain octodontid rodents?
Multi-nucleated cells: advantages and examples?
Which way to run BLAST?
Average number of gene products in (a) eukaryote(s)
Why does squinting allow you to see objects more clearly?
What protocol does the nervous system use?
If proteins have an overall charge, how do membrane proteins traverse through the hydrophobic region of the plasma membrane?
Sparking during electroporation of plasmid DNA into bacterial cells
Why does milk contained in cartons of milk expand?
What gives things their colour?
Does cooking or ripening reduce the concentration of solanine in nightshade?
Does the Heart Require Gold?
Does the light color spectrum and frequency matter for photosynthesis?
Flow cytometry issues
Can children restore brain cells?
What were the mammal ancestors like 65 million years ago?
What makes an animal/species suitable for domestication/training?
Using ion-exchange chromatography to purify DNA from a cell extract - Is DNA more negatively charged then RNA?
What evolutionary pressures pushed Gal&#225;pagos tortoises to mature so slowly and live so long?
How quickly can the human heart rate rise and fall?
Modern reference for Kropotkin&#39;s lazy bees
What is the molecular basis of hangovers?
What selective factors drove the evolution of lactose in lactation?
Tuna fish in Baltic sea?
How does fever physically work?
Does sour food cause sweating?
The probability of indirect human fertilization?
Is there any biological reason for humans to rest after x days of work?
High Glucose vs Low Glucose DMEM for Cell Culture
Is Leptin Stimulated by Insulin Alone?
How to get smallest subtree containing a set of nodes from BioPhylo?
Are tongues red because they contain blood?
Does the entire surface of the earth contain organisms?
Comparative cost of RNA-seq vs sequencing full length cDNAs
How are lysosome membranes protected from the attack of hydrolases?
What types of archaea have been found in animals?
Structures of cyclodextrin complexed with small ligands
What to look for when buying a light microscope?
Can paper/plastic currency serve as a medium for pathogens?
Why can&#39;t you taste food when you have a cold?
Does coloring affect the perception of depth?
Why Do Ruminants Require A Multi-Compartment Stomach To Digest Food?
How much gas is exchanged in one human breath?
Are there known minimal marine ecosystems that are stable?
Do octopuses have better eyes than humans?
What is the extent of the effect of Tris on E. coli?
What is the inbreeding coefficient for the female offspring of a sib-mating in a haplodiploid system?
What is the state of automated quantitative analysis?
How does HCl does not burn our stomach?
Why do humans alone have the capability to have religious/spiritual experiences?
What is the fiber axis in the Watson and Crick paper?
Prostaglandin F2-alpha production in men
Can in the case of multiple sclerosis (MS), a too high osmotic pressure in the nerve, lead to a high intracellular concentration of potassium?
Is there a scientific proof that smoking spoils face skin?
functional hypocholesterolemia due to very high HDL or low LDL?
Is human face more resistant to cold than other body parts?
Resource for model organism anatomy/physiology for biological experiments
How to find Exons in mRNA Computationally
How does formaldehyde cause protein-DNA crosslinking?
Why does strenous exercise cause vision of &quot;lights&quot;?
Why are pili more common in Gram negative bacteria than in Gram positive?
What is a Mitochondrial Eve and Y-chromosomal Adam
How to do western analysis to lung tissue?
Why our body does not produce polyunsaturated fatty acids?
Does ethanol destroy RNase?
Is 1 g/l living biomass for a Biogas fermenter plausible?
How can the child and the mother have different blood types?
Solvent Accessibility, the 20% cut-off method
What are the limitations of commercial-grade DNA genotyping compared to full sequencing?
What controls leaf senescence in deciduous tree species, and how can I predict it?
Are descriptive statistics sometimes more useful than tests of significance?
What determines the perceived pitch (frequency) of tinnitus?
Can cirrhosis be caused by physical compression of the body?
If fever is a natural immune defense, why do people take drugs to lower it?
What is the biological mechanism underlying caffeine intolerance? (CYP1A2 or other?)
Vitamin and mineral contents of common fruits
What metabolic activities are performed by a developing human fetus&#39;s liver?
What limits the size of fish compared to marine mammals?
What causes humans to be sleepy?
How can homosexuality evolve despite natural selection?
Are there eukaryotes without introns?
Tool for nucleotide alignment with all nucleotide codes (e.g. R, Y, W, S, etc.)?
What is the function of nodes of Ranvier in axons?
What chemicals and structures control the *direction* of plant growth in leaves, stems and roots?
How is gene expression estimated?
What non invasive methods of estimating Body Time are there?
Do lunar rhythms have impact on human biology, if so, how?
Is wiping with RNAse Zap enough to destroy RNAse activity?
Why are certain aneuploidies more common?
How long human can survive with just drinking water everyday
What could account for an apparent loss of mass at death?
What&#39;s the difference between shotgun sequencing and clone based sequencing?
What effect do oligosaccharides, like those found in legumes, have on the composition of intestinal flora in humans and if so how so?
What medical and commercial proteins are made using genetically modified animals?
Can proteins move outside cells?
Experimental evidence for the selfish gene vs. the selfish individual
Would a spinal injury decrease human height?
Skeletal muscles in clam
Would my hands sweat this much if I wasn&#39;t wearing gloves?
Can extinct animals be cloned?
Is there a practical upper limit to amount of nucleotides or genes in a transformed plasmid?
What regulates these two methods of splicing?
Do we have enough diversity of antibodies to overcome almost any antigen?
Is there a DNA test to identify dog mixes?
Photosynthesis regulation
How does the human liver regrow?
Why is clownfish attracted to actinia?
Could cancer be in itself a evolutionary process?
How compatible are mammal wombs?
How do individual plants adapt to changes in temperature?
Possibility and feasibility of producing designed antibodies with bacteria
What is dental health like in animals?
Finding a template/oligo combination for my first PCR experiment
What biological constraints are there on how large a spider can grow?
Selective Androgen Receptor Agonist
Can PCR tubes be made of different materials than plastic?
Do thymine and uracil ever appear in the same strand of RNA?
Improving transformation efficiencies- induce supercoiling?
What is this beetle and what are the strange antennae for?
Is there theory that connects longevity, time-scale of environmental disturbance, and adaptation?
Diabetes-diabetes comorbidity
High Current (Speed) Transfer Buffer Recipe
Are there animals which can see movements better than shapes or colors?
Is recognizing one&#39;s own mirror reflection a valid test of animal intelligence/self awareness?
Is (Brain Mass)/(Total Mass) still considered a valid indicator of intelligence?
Will eukaryotic RNA fold in the same way in prokaryotes?
How does a new species survive without suffering inbreeding?
Is there are practical lower limit to gene length in E. coli?
What is this insect I found in Russia?
Why don&#39;t antibiotics affect mitochondria?
How can we tell which direction sound is coming from?
What method would you use to genotype SNPs in low quality samples?
Are there any pathogenic archaeans?
Are SLC52A2 and GPR172A really the same?
Reason for seeing grid-like patterns when strobing a solid black-white image?
Honeybee decision process: new food, new home, new threat
What are common causes of unexpected ligation products?
What is the evidence that australopithecines were bipedal?
If a dead snake reflexively attacks itself, why does it not always attack itself?
What is the advantage of restriction enzymes cutting only at specific sites?
Why does it hurt when you take sweets, if you have cavities in your teeth?
Smallest unit on which selection can act
What is the lowest intensity threshold of light for photosynthesis in any species?
Variations in Genome Sizes
There are linear and rotary molecular motors in the cells. Do any of them have a fixed or stable frequency or speed?
Why might you NOT observe a tradeoff between two life-history traits?
A possible cause of autoimmunity
Which human cells have the longest and shortest lifespan?
Renin - enzyme or hormone?
Are there any online resources one can use to access raw clinical trial data without having to contact those involved in the study?
How do rodenticides with delayed effect work?
Why do organisms excrete nitrogenous wastes?
Synthetic construct with multiple ORFs not expressing
Shade-loving Plants
Calling for Free Online Data for Paediatric ECG?
Empirical evidence for species selection
Can Escherichia coli survive on glucose and water alone?
What do the signs +/+ +/- mean in this image?
Genetic expression in interspecific hybrids
Competition for mates in sea horses
Can this image be the result of a Western Blot?
What is the relationship between sexual and and natural selection?
Transitivity of Species Definitions
Correlation between genome size and mutation rate?
Strange looking mushroom found in a dead tree
Measuring fitness / lifetime reproductive success (LRS) in Drosophila
Measuring algae growth or death
Do ants within a colony ever fight or come to conflict?
At which step apply a detection filter when preprocessing microarray data? (Before/After normalization, batch effects removal)
Definitions and examples of some math-releated ecology branches
Why are interspecies hybrids so often larger than either parent species
Are Asians more genetically homogenous than other races?
What limits our ability to grow enamel rods?
Could alcohol be used as an antibiotic?
By what mechanism can hypoglycemia induce fainting?
Could murder be modeled as an infectious disease?
Can you &quot;spam&quot; bird sounds so that birds no longer interpret them right?
How easy is it to carry out de novo sequence assembly?
What are some examples of genes that code for multiple proteins?
Mitotic crossover happens in G1?
Is there any evidence telling us what the oxidation state of early earth&#39;s atmosphere was?
How well do we notice asynchronicity?
What about 23andMe&#39;s SNP test gives it such bad efficacy as a diagnostic tool?
The least complex animals with ability to dream
Autoimmunity and central tolerance
Confused at what is happening with these action potentials
Standard Classification of Disease
Why is dimethyltryptamine (DMT) being released during death?
Are original x-ray diffraction data available
Identifying whether ELISA kits are authentic or fake
Why has evolution made neurons use spiking?
Aerobic vs anaerobic respiration comparison
How are Raunki&#230;r&#39;s plant life forms viewed today?
poor RNA quality from zebrafish embryos
Why does wood become darker when it ages?
Can you tell the sex of a white willow when it&#39;s not flowering?
Why do we assume that the first humans were dark-skinned?
Are there baby drinks closer to breast-milk?
What&#39;s the recommended maximum passage number for mammalian cells (NCI-H441)?
Are humans the only animal that requires &quot;clean water&quot;?
What is the current consensus, if any, about why long term potentiation is not clearly correlated with learning?
Why is Portuguese man o&#39; war considered a colony?
Improving myopia
How do we know that everybody&#39;s DNA fingerprint is unique?
How to avoid air bubbles while pipetting?
enzymes that stabilize DNA loops
Linkage disequilibrium with multiple alleles and loci
What&#39;s the minimum distance of focus for the lens of a human eye to reach maximum flatness?
Burns&#39; &quot;To a mouse&quot; - what species of mouse?
Is a sequential double transformation acceptable?
What exactly is Tinnitus?
What is an irreversible reaction?
Evolution: How could all useful traits evolve simultaneously?
Is there a biological reason for spreading food intake into breakfast-lunch-dinner?
Is it possible to have life in vacuum?
Does our eyeball increase in size as we grow?
Why haven&#39;t land animals evolved beyond urination?
introduction to Chip Seq
Viruses: Adaptation to a new host through repeated host jumps
With an excess supply of nutrients, in how much time will the number of algae cells double in full sun?
Can a virophage potentially be used to cure a viral disease?
What is the proper format for genus and species names in latin?
What is the difference between transformation and transfection?
Getting goosebumps at will
Has it been enough time for evolution through simple natural selection?
Signaling through G protein Coupled Receptors?
Why is there no cure for Dandruff?
How does a Na+/H+ antiporter drive osmosis in this &quot;osmotic motor&quot;?
Can an insect poison itself with food?
Base Substitution Probabilities Derivation
How does a biologist decide when she has enough results to publish a paper?
Help Needed Identifying Corvids
What are some examples of evolving networks in biology?
Why don&#39;t warts caused by HPV spread to the whole body?
Implications of what the discovery of Naia means
Diffusion of Hypotonic solution into solution with glucose and starch
What is the definition of a stringent/relaxed plasmid?
Protein structures given in PDB and SNP&#39;s
Are Lambic beers the product of quorum sensing?
Why are there no tree-like plants that grow in lakes?
What happens to fecal matter if it&#39;s continually re-eaten?
Why does the oxygen produced in the photosynthesis come from water and not CO$_2$?
How does heat shock transformation work?
Can botulinum toxin be grown or kept from denaturing in an UNWRAPPED 50 pound hay bale?
Is there a good explanation for this swarming pattern?
Equation for accurate prediction of PCR yield
What&#39;s the smallest organism that can produce voice?
Species of this White Dove
Theoretically, is domestication of (virtually) any animal possible?
How does someone with red-green colorblindness see yellow on a monitor/television?
Braquio-abduction illusion explanation and references
Effect of steroid hormone on specific cells?
How to measure Na/K channel activation at the membrane level?
Lost Ability to Regenerate Body Parts during the Transition from Amphibians to Mammals
How can I tell if regulation is at the transcriptional or translational level?
Why does ant queen keep the eggs out of her hive?
What are some atypical examples of positive transcriptional cooperativity?
High frequency human genetic oscillators?
biologically speaking, what&#39;s the difference between sleeping and just resting?
Can neurotransmitter depletion cause short-term drug tolerance?
Scale up of Bacterial growth from 250mL to 1-5L?
Where do the 31 spinal nerves start/meet?
What happens to lactic acid I eat?
Why does the sacrum fuse together?
Why are there so many sex determining systems in animals
What is the core mechanism behind neuroplasticity?
Why Other Pigeons kill the baby if touched by human?
Mammal body density
What is the state-of-the-art algorithm for multiple sequence alignment?
No digested product bands, but markers are visible. What could be the reasons?
Calculation of the bacterial growth rate from a spectrophotomer growth curve
What is the name of this plant with many purple blooms with orange inner parts?
Evolution of umbilical cord and reason of its elongation
How was the cama&#39;s life expectancy computed?
Why is oxygen needed for the electron transfer phosphorylation?
What is the point of having evolved two nostrils?
Where can I find the pMON7124 plasmid sequence?
Can the negative afterimage appear only if there is light or is it possible in darkness?
Do human neurons in a petri dish do different things from chimpanzee neurons
What are the atmospheric requirements for large dinosaurs?
Is there a known minimal stretch of DNA that can distinguish any two people in the world?
Is oxidative phosphorylation less efficient in gram positive bacteria?
If someone were to die on the moon, would their body decay?
Why does the bunny have a white butt?
Protein Isolation from mammalian cells
Importance of knowing GC Content of an organism
Components of the concept of Developmental Noise?
Appropriate Buffer for electerophoresis of DNA &amp; Protein TBE or TAE?
What is the &quot;Spandrels&quot; debate about?
Does gray/white hair turn gray/white from a normal hair? or does a gray/white hair actually grow gray/white originally?
What is Colloidal biology and does it have any scientific background?
How can I text-mine full-text articles from PubMed?
Fermentation to acetic acid
Effect of alcohol on parasites
Regarding cellular self-destruction
Why can&#39;t a Corn have 13 rows of seeds?
Books for beginners
How is it possible to even hope for an ebola epidemic of this current size to remain contained to a relatively small part of Africa?
Would oxygen levels be stable without photosynthesis?
What&#39;s the duration between the binding of adrenaline to β-AR and the first translated protein?
Need to make a library of mammalian coding sequences
Why do different pain killers have different effects on people?
Why do some cuts leave scars, while others do not?
What are the psychedelic effects of (stellar) anise and how many people are affected?
How do you visualize RNA on a gel?
How did people who were living far from the sea obtain iodine during the Middle Ages?
Why do small organisms make faster movements than big organisms?
Simulating substitution rate of neutral mutations
Formaldehyde turns plantar region of feet red?
How does the brain avoid feedback loops?
Are some facial features more important than others in human facial recognition?
What (if anything) about tuberculosis makes producing a highly effective vaccine difficult?
Problems understanding membrane potential
How does protein denaturation work?
Can &quot;human exclusion zones&quot; in national parks for preserving Wolves and Grizzlies be a good idea?
Are fish and reptilian scales homologous?
Functions of the CFTR gene?
What is the H+ gradient in mitochondria?
How can we calculate the minimum sustainable number of the panda population?
How does anadromous fish physiology &quot;know&quot; to switch from salt to freshwater and back?
Synthesis of immunoglobulin Fab fragments: Where can I learn about Fab?
Do blind people learn Braille equally fast as the sighted?
How do diving marine mammals avoid decompression sickness?
Examples of genes involved in plastic responses
Why don&#39;t fish groom each other?
Weird gelatinous substance in highland bog
Why is the DNA codon table &quot;equal&quot; to the RNA codon table
Congenital blindness due to retinitis pigmentosa - does it exist?
Are brain cells replaced over time?
How to identify genes required for biofilm formation
In males, why it is difficult to control orgasm?
Why do human ears have a lower boundary for the lowest energy perceivable signal than eyes?
Restriction Mapping - Homework question
Why does hair thicken and become more rough after a razor shave but not after one using a trimmer?
What makes DNA sticky-ends sticky?
Studying effects of alcohol on cells
What is Environmental Robustness? Is it different from plasticity?
Balanced vs Maximized Codon Optimization
Can anyone identify this chrysalis? (Identified)
In what sense is the &quot;histone code&quot; a code?
What is SDS PAGE gel polymerization time?
Cytochalasin B in cell movement
Is funnel web spider venom poisonous?
About radiation therapy
Is there any conclusive study relating the food consumed and the occurrence of acne?
Are There Exceptions to Animal Cells not Having Cell Walls?
What&#39;s the worst that can happen from too much sleep deprivation? Can you die?
Which fruit compounds affect the speed of fructose absorption?
Survival curve in early humans
Is probability for double crossing over included in distance cM? [task]
What physics knowledge can be applied to biology of organisms and ecosystems?
Is there any scientific evidence that a human has ever grown a third set of teeth?
What is the name of this plant? (found in a rock)
What is this plant ...?
Are there ways to speed up the growth of plants?
Do people grow shorter as they age, how common is it, and what triggers it?
If higher levels of atmospheric oxygen can lead to larger animals, can it also lead to larger plants?
How long can the brain survive during ongoing cardiac arrest?
How much of the weight of yoghurt is due to bacteria?
Is it dangerous to rub closed eyes?
What is the mechanism by which lamins regulate gene expression?
How to measure metabolic rates of microscopically small animals?
Repair wrong DNA pair after ending replication?
How does menstruation proceed during one period?
What does units/mg mean for Streptavidin
What Websites Have Image Libraries for Bacteria and other Microorganisms
Plasmid in the nucleus and gene expression
Why do we get &#39;bags under our eyes&#39;?
How do biologists infer correct ORF of a DNA sequence?
How can heart disease cause dizziness after eating?
Is using Hidden Markov Models to find homologues sensible in abstract, short sequences?
What advantage does an enzyme serve over catalysis by the addition of heat energy?
How and why can cold inflict pain?
How does food intake affect medicine? Why pill instructions recommends taking them before (after) meal?
Chromosome and chromatid numbers during cell cycle phases
Why are there no artificial wombs yet?
What species is this? Seashell from Indonesia
Total dark deprivation at day-neutral plants
Why does high pH result in the denaturation of DNA?
Are all dinosaur bones radioactive?
(Why) are polar bears more common in Labrador than in southern Greenland?
Cellular Respiration/Fermentation Problem Leading to Lack of Energy
What worms devour the body?
The meaning of RNA-seq data
What is the mechanism behind tinnitus?
How does de-myelination occur in multiple sclerosis?
Can human mRNA be translated in vitro by prokaryotes?
Doubt on genomic code for nucleosome positioning?
What is the IC50 exactly?
Is consuming proteins different vs. consuming amino-acids and how?
Why is E.coli used as a model?
What happens during kefir fermentation process?
Help with STRING database data
Is hands-only CPR as effective as traditional CPR?
Telomerase as cancer target
How does a sperm cell die?
Stretching and compressing bones
What are the positive effects of wrongful antibiotic use on a viral infection?
Do changes in an organism&#39;s cell modify the genetic information it uses for reproduction?
Genes-of-interest analysis between organisms
What percentage of a cell&#39;s volume is occupied by protein?
Is it possible that a woman possessing 1 mutated allele show attenuated color vision deficiency?
Can bacterial RNA be degraded at -80⁰C in a SDS solution?
Are there mechanisms that limit the amounts of time conjugation and F-plasmid transfer can happen? If yes, what are they?
Understanding recombination scoring in family pedigrees
Are there any mutagens that can undo the mutations they cause?
Why do apples taste sweeter at the bottom?
How precisely can we sense temperature differences?
Why does a &quot;cascade&quot; of events happen during signal transduction?
What is the maximum number of babies a human woman can have?
Where do amino acids get attached to tRNA and where is it synthesized?
Why is 5S-rRNA is different from other rRNAs in place of transcription and usage of RNA polymerase?
Time required for RNA precipitation in ethanol
What produces the strong odor of decaying dead animals?
How can the phenotypic effects of a tumor suppressor mutation be silenced?
What is a good miniprep protocol for the class room?
Bacterial chromatin binding data?
Could an organism theoretically produce a metamaterial-like structure?
What is the largest perennial herbaceous plant?
If D1 receptors stimulate adenylate cyclase (through GPCRs) and D2 receptors inhibit it, then why do mutations in both have similar effects?
How do caspase proteins kill a cell?
Does Amphibian embryo&#39;s blastocoel become a primitive yolk sac without yolk?
What are differences between formation of embryonic disc in chick and mammal embryo?
Do humans have Coelom?
What factors affect the rate of transpiration in plant leaves?
What&#39;s the advantage of autocrine signalling?
Is there a cheap and easy way to check for potentially unsafe UV exposure?
How would a plant sprout and grow in a zero gravity environment?
Why did the sensitive plant (Mimosa pudica) evolve its leaf-closing mechanism?
Can a cell culture insert plate be used with a vacuum manifold?
What did pangolin scales evolve from?
How to create a collection of anonymous sequences for teaching and testing?
What is the molecular mechanism of cystine bond formation?
Auxotrophic complementation test with yeast
What&#39;s the distinction between a tetrad and a synaptonemal complex in meiosis?
What is the role of acetylcholine in blood pressure regulation?
Does age affect the frequency of flatus?
How do insects such as crickets circulate blood through their antennae?
Pedigree Probability of Autosomal Recessive Trait
How do fibers control muscles?
Are CN3, CN7, CN9 and CN10 the only Parasymphatetic Cranial Nerves?
Small worm living in some kind of cocoon, what are these animals?
Dimensionless number for blood volume
Is it possible to grow any kind of plant soilless (hydroponics)?
Main methods used to predict functional annotations in GO
From inflammation to sickness and depression: when the immune system subjugates the brain
Automatic cropping of collimated digital X-ray images
What are minerals (other than zinc) that the human body cannot store
Finding exons in DNA problem
Determine which gene is in the middle complementation
What exactly is meant by the expression &quot;differentially expressed&quot;?
Genetic networks vs genetic architectures?
What value type would a chromosome position be in a database or form?
How to find ion/water channel related genes
Why is proteinase K digestion performed at 50 &#176;C?
intravenous (IV) in the tail vein of an anaesthetized mouse
Cause of short sightedness/ far sightedness
Epilepsy explained by computational neuroscience
Productive turnover and generations in the fruit fly
Co-transformation of plasmids from the same incompatibility group
Vigorous shaking for HFR interrupted mating
What metabolically happens when an egg fuses with the nucleus of a somatic cell
Can humans shorten their sleeping patterns?
Why are omega-3 fatty acids so easily oxidized when they&#39;re incorporated in cellular membranes?
How do I save a coffee damaged wasp?
Is there a good field methods book that covers terrestrial ecology?
Online course on Plant Taxonomy and Physiology
How quickly do estrogens break down in the environment?
Why are (some) cats attracted by bleach?
Regarding TIMP and MMP enzymes
How do proteins and genes participate in learning?
Online toolkit that provides functional similarity scores (in the form of a matrix) between two functional gene sets in the context of gene ontology
What is the timing of information assimilation within a human brain?
Features in individuals causing high population variation
What is the purpose of the adrenal medulla?
Is Homo sapiens the only species capable of prioritization?
T7 promoter leakiness
Is it possible to repopulate lactase in the stomach?
Sequencing from PCR
How would one describe the R-factor in crystallography?
How does a plant cutting develop roots?
Is ovum + ovum fertilization possible for human?
Calculating Protein Concentration from Kilo Units (KU)
What are possible health risks to women having large numbers of children?
Why would deers keep crossing a river full of crocodiles while some of them have been killed?
Negative feedback in the fructose metabolism in liver
Lifespan of connective tissue cells
What is the proper quick freezing /snap freezing protocol for pancreatic tissue?
Are there any situations in which phenylephrine is preferred to pseudoephedrine?
Is there a correlation between incidence of type 1 diabetes and vitiligo?
Drosophila reference genome
What is the effect of a pure-oxygen environment on a plant?
Where can I find histograms and tables of prevalence of mutations in cancer?
Is the theory of evolution being disproved by bats?
When is the lactase in lactose-free milk active?
Is there a way for a 19th century scientist to prove that the octopus doesn&#39;t revive?
What is the frequency of double-hets between parent and child?
Assembly of metagenomic data
Why does muscle tissue have relatively constant AMP + ADP + AMP?
During human ageing, which immune cell sub-types are most affected?
Why do rod cells not recover after bleaching upon exposure to bright light?
How to quantitatively measure work done by a biological system?
Does making yogurt from non-pasteurized milk work against possible disease bacteria?
Is there an advantage to having cellulite
When should endocytosis inhibitors be used in cell binding assays?
Why isn&#39;t there any repulsive force between Na+ and K+ disrupting thier roles in transmembrane voltage/ action potentials
Under what circumstances will a human neuron divide?
What causes instinctive behaviour?
Bugs&#39; love for light
In a vertebrate chimera, are particular organs homogenous genetically?
What does vitamin B6 and B12 absorption depend upon?
What phenotypes can arise from gender-related aneuploidy?
Non-monotonic knock-out effects in prokaryotes
What is a focal copy number variation?
Terminology question: the scope of an allele in an organism
How does &quot;inheritance of methylation&quot; of DNA and/or histones work?
Is cell senescence in culture comparable to that in vivo?
Does retinal detachment happen more frequently at night?
Ultrasound during pregnancy
How does sex differentiation work in Paracerceis sculpta, the sexually tetramorphic isopod?
Is there a relationship between Melatonin, Norepinephrine and depression in humans?
What is the biological basis for the perception of time?
What light intensity determines the start/end of a photoperiod in humans?
Are there yearly variations in HIOMT (HydroxyIndole-O-MethylTransferase) availability?
Does culling badgers restrict the spread of bovine tuberculosis?
In the vacuum of space would death be instantaneous?
Tool use by animals: research history
Are there any intersections between the biochemical pathways of uracil biosynthesis (or metabolism) and methionine degradation in eukaryotes?
Why did mammals evolve to have two testes?
What are some of the immediate challenges to break through before finding a cure for mad cow disease?
Does mixing alcoholic drinks really make you more drunk?
How are there multiple varieties of the potato?
Are there any strictly chloroplast/mitochondrion-residing ribozymes?
Since Darwinian times, has there been any striking/notable effects of evolution on humans?
Why is the floral biodiversity of grazed grassland higher than that of mown grassland?
Organize sequence database
Bone conduction . Different from the normal hearing phenomena in humans?
Ammonium sulphate precipitation assay pH dependence
DNA as an acid?
Why does alcohol cause the hemolysis of RBC in a large proportion?
Conversion rate of topical Retinol to Retinoic Acid (Tretinoin)?
Genetic engineering for insulin production
Are there any websites offering graphs for the light absorption of different enzymes?
Were there lifeforms before LUCA?
Parse PDB using DSR-PDB Library
Advice on Cell Biology texts by Alberts
Is there a circadian component to hunger?
How useful are vitamin and trace element additions in E. coli culture medium?
How does hemoglobin-free blood transport oxygen?
Do any birds beside the family Columbidae (or any reptile or mammal) feed their young &quot;Crop Milk&quot;
what are the mechanics of sweating?
Does the brain and the body use the same energy source (glucose/ATP)?
Why do we think chronic inflammation can cause cancer?
Do effects of caffeine on human body change with habitual use?
Why is Botulinum toxin the most potent poison known?
Multiple sequence alignment - how to align everything to 1 gene sequence?
Good book on Origin of Life
Is territoriality only the domain of the male of a species?
Functionality of vitamin A, Bx, C, D, E, K as used in cosmetics for the skin?
3D models of adult male brain in the Blender software? Any open-sourced version for research?
Low temperature PCR
What is ear wax?
How does ethanol interact with insulin?
Will a completely removed cat whisker grow back?
Is the amount of phosphoric acid added to colas enough to disrupt the function of the kidney over the long term?
What is the length of anaerobic biodigestion stages?
Are all known germs benign in small enough quantities? i.e. Why do we wash our hands?
Are there oligocellular organisms in nature and, if so, what are they like?
Hershey and Chase experiment
Conjugate secondary antibody
How does a tiger have stripes?
Are serotonin levels in humans affected by light?
Chromosome 2 fusion?
Are there people cured of HIV by means of HAART?
Difference In Telomeres Between A Thale Cress Plant And A Methuselah Tree
How does prolonged exposure to high frequency noise affect hearing?
Is every part of a virus important for replication?
Possible to Gain More Weight than the Food You Eat
What percentage of human capillaries are located in the skin?
Cell cycle selection
Parsimony (cladistics)
Why are eggs &quot;egg&quot; shaped?
Evolutionary explanation to why we have such large memory capacities?
Is it possible to purify antigens from a vaccine and to separate them from the adjuvant?
