Determine how many gauche interactions?
Predict Entropy based on the Balanced Equation
Why is Lithium the strongest reducing agent, and not Cesium?
What is the reaction mechanism of KMnO₄ and Alkene
How can I turn Natural gas from liquid to gas?
why everything goes in the direction of positive entropy change?
Calculating the temperature at which a reaction becomes spontaneous?
What exactly does gram atoms means?
What causes spray cans to get cooler when shaken?
le Chatelier&#39;s Principle
pKaH of pyridine versus other imines
How do I balance the reaction equation for combusting 1mol of 70%Butane 30%Propane gas mix, with excess air?
Is triclosan harmful?
How to write equations for reaction metals with water
Finding pH of a buffer
Thin cooling material
Standard Half-Cell Reduction Potential for Periodate to Iodine
How come there aren&#39;t any silicon analogs of alkenes or alkynes?
Solvents in substitution reactions
The distinction between dynamic &amp; static equilibrium
Distance between successive tetrahedral voids in FCC
Why does ionization energy increase as we go from left to right in a period?
Compounds that adopt the zincblende structure
Fluorination with xenon difluoride
Can carboxylic acids be used in the aldol reaction?
Phenyl or benzene when naming compounds
Why are inert gas (especially Xenon) compounds powerful oxidizing agents?
Is the correct configuration assigned to the given pair of geometrical isomers?
Why is Tin-112 stable, but indium-112 radioactive?
How many molecules are contained in 1058 grams of lead (IV) nitrate?
Why does the absorbance of Ca decrease in the presence of certain metals?
Examples of solvate isomers in complexes?
Why is i-butane more stable than n-butane?
All the reactions that use dimethyl ether
Why are the axial bonds in a PBP geometry molecule longer than those in a molecule with TBP geometry?
How to electronically calculate alcoholic level of a liquid
What is the byproduct from hydrogenolysis of an acyl chloride?
Is it possible to find fire outside the Earth?
Why is there a difference in the colours of K₂Cr₂O₇ and K₂CrO₄?
How pure NaCl is typical table salt? How is it purified?
Taxus baccata- alcoholic bevarage
How to identify reactions that change hybridization?
volume of distilled water added to tetraoxosulphate(VI) acid
Do you break the metallic bond when you break a metal into two pieces?
Is styrene stable because of the increase of molecular weight?
How do I interpret a flux quoted in cm⁻&#178; s⁻&#185; in atmospheric chemistry?
Titrating and the addition of acidic distilled water
How to find the second order perturbation to wave function?
Molar heat of fusion of ice?
What is the difference between ΔG and ΔG &quot;with an o on top&quot;?
Determine the isotope half-life?
Is a single carbon atom stable?
Usefulness of the outdated Bohr model?
How to calculate molecular volume from the wavefunction?
What&#39;s the source of electrical energy in galvanic cells?
How is a car battery recharged?
Interaction radius of a molecule
Protein purification with Colbalt
Ionize Hydrogen and Oxygen Gas in Electrolytic Cell?
How does lone pair of a central atom affect the dipole moment?
How to write an equation for the dissociation of these compounds in water
Hess&#39;s Law - enthalpy of combustion
Why is it that increasing the molar mass generally increases the Entropy?
Mechanism for the formation of butanoic acid from ethylacetoacetate
Oxymercuration Demercuration Mechanism doubt
jury-rigging an automotive catalytic converter for use in the Ostwald Process?
Why does solvent leveling occur?
Mechanism of enolether formation with ethyl orthoformate in estr-4-ene-3,17-dione (Djerassi&#39;s norethisterone synthesis)
Heat Evolved/Enthalpy
Household Melting Point Standards
Exo- or endothermic? Clarification required regarding a few cases
The nuclear Overhauser effect
Using enthalpies of formation and combustion to find formation enthalpy of Acetylene (Hess&#39; Law)
What makes a metal more inclined to bond covalently?
After mixing, which species has the dominant affect on the pH of the solution that remains?
Why does iodine have different colors in different mediums?
How to calculate &quot;accurate&quot; surface area of a microporous material using Micromeritics equipment?
What is the equation that demonstrates the relationship between molar conductivity and temperature?
Create image from molecular structure
Corrosion Prevention Technique
How to calculate the concentration of oxalate ions in solution from data of its complete oxidation?
Why do we include the mass of a sample in the total mass of the solution in thermodynamics?
Do I have to consider the molecular mass of the oxygen atom or the diatomic oxygen molecule when determining the empirical formula of an iron oxide?
What is the S2− in 0.10 M hydrogen sulfide?
What happens to chemical shifts of protons close to aromatic systems in &#185;H-NMR?
Can plastic leak into water from a HDPE &quot;2&quot; plastic container at room temperature?
How to calculate the number of moles for a given total number of molecules?
Chemical compatibility of polycarbonate and carbonate esters
POP drinks and their sugar content
Truly Understanding the Second Law of Thermodynamics and Entropy
Determining the H+ Concentration of Na3PO4
Is 1.5M NaOH a strong enough base to deprotonate benzyl alcohol?
Calculate the number of moles of NO₂ (g) produced per hour per liter of air?
How do you determine the dipole moment of BeCl2 and any element or compound?
Why should 2,6-Dimethyl-4-nitrophenol be more acidic than 3,5-Dimethyl-4-nitrophenol
Effect of different electron withdrawing/transition state stabilising groups in nucleophillic aromatic substitution
Naming of benzene derivative
Understanding a particular passage in a chemistry textbook
How to calculate crystal field stabilisation energy?
Why water vapors exerts pressure rather than diffusing in air before reaching the boiling point of water?
Determine how many gauche interactions?
Predict Entropy based on the Balanced Equation
Why is Lithium the strongest reducing agent, and not Cesium?
What is the reaction mechanism of KMnO₄ and Alkene
How can I turn Natural gas from liquid to gas?
why everything goes in the direction of positive entropy change?
Calculating the temperature at which a reaction becomes spontaneous?
What exactly does gram atoms means?
What causes spray cans to get cooler when shaken?
le Chatelier&#39;s Principle
pKaH of pyridine versus other imines
How do I balance the reaction equation for combusting 1mol of 70%Butane 30%Propane gas mix, with excess air?
Is triclosan harmful?
How to write equations for reaction metals with water
Finding pH of a buffer
Thin cooling material
Standard Half-Cell Reduction Potential for Periodate to Iodine
How come there aren&#39;t any silicon analogs of alkenes or alkynes?
Solvents in substitution reactions
The distinction between dynamic &amp; static equilibrium
Distance between successive tetrahedral voids in FCC
Why does ionization energy increase as we go from left to right in a period?
Compounds that adopt the zincblende structure
Fluorination with xenon difluoride
Can carboxylic acids be used in the aldol reaction?
Phenyl or benzene when naming compounds
Why are inert gas (especially Xenon) compounds powerful oxidizing agents?
Is the correct configuration assigned to the given pair of geometrical isomers?
Why is Tin-112 stable, but indium-112 radioactive?
How many molecules are contained in 1058 grams of lead (IV) nitrate?
Why does the absorbance of Ca decrease in the presence of certain metals?
Examples of solvate isomers in complexes?
Why is i-butane more stable than n-butane?
All the reactions that use dimethyl ether
Why are the axial bonds in a PBP geometry molecule longer than those in a molecule with TBP geometry?
How to electronically calculate alcoholic level of a liquid
What is the byproduct from hydrogenolysis of an acyl chloride?
Is it possible to find fire outside the Earth?
Why is there a difference in the colours of K₂Cr₂O₇ and K₂CrO₄?
How pure NaCl is typical table salt? How is it purified?
Taxus baccata- alcoholic bevarage
How to identify reactions that change hybridization?
volume of distilled water added to tetraoxosulphate(VI) acid
Do you break the metallic bond when you break a metal into two pieces?
Is styrene stable because of the increase of molecular weight?
How do I interpret a flux quoted in cm⁻&#178; s⁻&#185; in atmospheric chemistry?
Titrating and the addition of acidic distilled water
How to find the second order perturbation to wave function?
Molar heat of fusion of ice?
What is the difference between ΔG and ΔG &quot;with an o on top&quot;?
Determine the isotope half-life?
Is a single carbon atom stable?
Usefulness of the outdated Bohr model?
How to calculate molecular volume from the wavefunction?
What&#39;s the source of electrical energy in galvanic cells?
How is a car battery recharged?
Interaction radius of a molecule
Protein purification with Colbalt
Ionize Hydrogen and Oxygen Gas in Electrolytic Cell?
How does lone pair of a central atom affect the dipole moment?
How to write an equation for the dissociation of these compounds in water
Hess&#39;s Law - enthalpy of combustion
Why is it that increasing the molar mass generally increases the Entropy?
Mechanism for the formation of butanoic acid from ethylacetoacetate
Oxymercuration Demercuration Mechanism doubt
jury-rigging an automotive catalytic converter for use in the Ostwald Process?
Why does solvent leveling occur?
Mechanism of enolether formation with ethyl orthoformate in estr-4-ene-3,17-dione (Djerassi&#39;s norethisterone synthesis)
Heat Evolved/Enthalpy
Household Melting Point Standards
Exo- or endothermic? Clarification required regarding a few cases
The nuclear Overhauser effect
Using enthalpies of formation and combustion to find formation enthalpy of Acetylene (Hess&#39; Law)
What makes a metal more inclined to bond covalently?
After mixing, which species has the dominant affect on the pH of the solution that remains?
Why does iodine have different colors in different mediums?
How to calculate &quot;accurate&quot; surface area of a microporous material using Micromeritics equipment?
What is the equation that demonstrates the relationship between molar conductivity and temperature?
Create image from molecular structure
Corrosion Prevention Technique
How to calculate the concentration of oxalate ions in solution from data of its complete oxidation?
Why do we include the mass of a sample in the total mass of the solution in thermodynamics?
Do I have to consider the molecular mass of the oxygen atom or the diatomic oxygen molecule when determining the empirical formula of an iron oxide?
What is the S2− in 0.10 M hydrogen sulfide?
What happens to chemical shifts of protons close to aromatic systems in &#185;H-NMR?
Can plastic leak into water from a HDPE &quot;2&quot; plastic container at room temperature?
How to calculate the number of moles for a given total number of molecules?
Chemical compatibility of polycarbonate and carbonate esters
POP drinks and their sugar content
Truly Understanding the Second Law of Thermodynamics and Entropy
Determining the H+ Concentration of Na3PO4
Is 1.5M NaOH a strong enough base to deprotonate benzyl alcohol?
Calculate the number of moles of NO₂ (g) produced per hour per liter of air?
How do you determine the dipole moment of BeCl2 and any element or compound?
Why should 2,6-Dimethyl-4-nitrophenol be more acidic than 3,5-Dimethyl-4-nitrophenol
Effect of different electron withdrawing/transition state stabilising groups in nucleophillic aromatic substitution
Naming of benzene derivative
Understanding a particular passage in a chemistry textbook
How to calculate crystal field stabilisation energy?
Why water vapors exerts pressure rather than diffusing in air before reaching the boiling point of water?
In entropy change of surroundings, what is T?
why does nitric acid release hydrogen ONLY when reacting with Mg and Mn?
Is p-bromophenol more acidic than p-chlorophenol?
Why is a hydroxyl group more activating than a methoxy group in electrophilic aromatic substitution?
Effect of dilution on pH for HCl
Alkane, Alkene, Alkyne boiling point
Silver bromide schottky frenkel defects
How to determine whether the enthalpy of solution is positive or negative by calorimetry?
Gas Law or Ideal Gas Law
What value of temperature does T represent in Gibbs Free Energy Equation?
Is there a way to turn alcohol into a solid gel?
Gas Stoichiometry - where is my mistake in dealing with this problem?
Really Slow Chemical Clock Reaction
Solutions calculate the
What is the difference between configuration and conformation in stereochemistry?
How do you name an alkene using IUPAC rules if the longest carbon chain in this alkene does not include the double bond?
Corrosion of iron
Is there always a need for a salt bridge to let a galvanic cell work continuously?
Why do some chemical symbols contain a single letter while others contain two letters in the periodic table?
How to calculate the solubility of AgCl in a MgSO₄ solution?
How can transition metals form so many bonds with ligands?
I saw a compound reacting in presence of water,still its not sn1.Now how do I decide if its sn1 or sn2
Why might the O—H stretch in the IR of MY triphenylmethanol product be less intense than expected?
Why is arsenic more chemically similar to phosphorus than is nitrogen?
Computational Chemistry (Ab Initio), what should I study?
I need to find the Ka of a weak acid in titration with a strong base
mixing borax and shampoo
Synthesis of ethyl methyl ketone from 2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)ethyl methyl ketone
What is the pH of a 5M solution of HCl?
What is an effective extraction solvent for removing hydrocarbons from soil (using a soxhlet extractor)?
Coloration of substances because of F-Centers
Why does water evaporate spontaneously at room temperature despite dG &gt; 0?
GAMESS-US Compilation on Linux Opensuse
How does zinc become oxidized when it&#39;s not in direct contact with copper ions in a galvanic cell?
Ionic equation for reaction of iron (ii) chloride and zinc?
Standard Hydrogen Electrode
Structure of Metallic Hydrogen
How can I measure the pH of high-viscosity fluids like dough?
Why did the salt on the skin of my turkey react with the aluminum foil it was touching?
Adsorption at 298&#160;K
Salt Analysis using spectroscopy
Balancing Redox Equations - Half Reactions
Why can you not make a compound with a quaternary alpha carbon using malonic ester?
Why is the melting point of TiCl4 lower than TiCl3
Electroplating a spoon (electrolytic cell) using a electrochemical voltaic cell
Is there a general consensus on the causes of the alpha-effect?
What is the reaction in a child&#39;s &#39;add water and watch the egg hatch&#39; toy?
Does adsorption violate thermodynamics?
Is time a measurement of Entropy?
Gibbs Free Energy of Solutes and Solutions
To what state would copper wiring revert if abandoned for centuries?
What are the meanings of dotted lines and waves in structural formulas?
What is the pH of CsBr?
Unit cell of CdCl2
Why are 720 nm LEDs so uncommon?
Rate constants for water exchange
Should the liquid be included in Kc expression?
What is the volume of the KOH solution needed to reach the equivalence point of the titration and the ph at the equivalence point?
How to increase the boiling point of Methanol to 150deg C?
What is the resonance structure of nitro-aminobenzene with a broken aromaticity?
What&#39;s the difference between features and properties?
Are all lattices Bravais lattices?
I need some help with some chemistry questions I have.
Spectral reflectance identification of types of iron rust
Relation between molar mass and van der waals force
Allotropy in Nitrogen and Bismuth of Group 15
Titration addition of HCl
Why is the deposition of silver more uniform from [Ag(Cl)₂]⁻ (aq) than from Ag⁺?
how to find the mass of a solute given a mass fraction
How much ozone is produced by ionization of air and how turn ozone into oxygen
Why does alcohol crack acrylic (plexiglass)?
When disqualifying trans fat, are we qualifying cis-fat as healthy?
How to calculate vibrational spectra of organic molecules?
Justify assuming first-order kinetics for a complex
Color of Phenomelanin?
I&#39;m flame test what part of the salt causes the color of the flame
Claisen Condensation to Ketone
How does epoxy stick to stuff?
What is the probability of us being &quot;orderly&quot;?
is Perchloride the same as Perchlorate?
Ratio between heat tranfer coefficient and thermal conductivity
What does &quot;NADH (sodium salt)&quot; mean?
Chemistry homework- Molar Volume conversion
Why might two different chemical structures smell the same?
Fragmentation of phenyl radical cations in mass spectrometry
What happens if I have an acid/base equillibrium and remove hydronium ions until there is 50/50 of acid and conjugate base?
What does Kdep stand for?
Step up reaction – increase carbon chain length
Consistent atom names PDB
Colorimetric test to measure dissolved oxygen in salt water
How do I create azeotrope mixture?
Detect Polyethylene
How to identify the repeating unit in a polymer?
What does the ‘−1’ superscript mean in units?
Converting Methanol into Methane
Suggest a method, other than spectrophotometry, for determining the reaction rate
Bonding and Phase Changes?
Which form of chromium oxide is formed naturally in the atmosphere?
On what acidity of Oxyacids depends and how?
In regards to the addition of hydrogen to alkynes, does the amount of moles of Hydrogen matter?
Why/how do cloves break down plastic?
Amino acid and electrophoresis
Hofmann Elimination with a Cyclic Amine
in the electrolysis of H₂SO₄ solution, when the concentration is increased why does the current increase even when OH⁻ ions reduce?
How to determine the empirical formula of vanillin from mass percentages
How to calculate the mass difference between an anhydrous salt and its hydrate
What types of chemicals/ionic liquid could perform this type of separation?
Decarboxylation product of bicyclic compound
Figure Headings in Laboratory Reports
ordering the hydrophilicity of some polymers
How to make 0.3% ammonia water from 28-30% ammonia hydroxide
Reaction of ethylacetoacetate with Iodine
How many electrons does each shell hold?
Cis/Trans-Decalin in ChemBio3D
energy of sublimation of Carbon
How to determine the bond enthalpy of the phosphine chlorine bond?
Alkaline glycine buffer molarity
How to find pKa given absorbances and pH
I need chemistry help
NMR population difference from a pulse of known flip angle
Determining weight-percent methanol in water from specific gravity and temperature
SF3Cl Vsepr Most stable structure
Explain the formation of replicators to a layman
Is it possible to synthesize amino acids from hydrocarbons?
What determines whether an aldol reaction will occur again or eliminate?
Mixing Binders - Cholestyramine &amp; Charcoal &amp; Clay
What is the difference between the units &#39;torr&#39; and &#39;mm of Hg&#39;?
Electrical conductivity of pool water
Why are alpha-carbonyl relatively less stable?
Help me to identify the structure of unknown compound from my 1H NMR , 13C nmr and dept 135
How to determine the concentration of a permanganate solution by redox titration?
Help w/ Y10 Chem
How does one determine the relative basicity of a nitrogen in a molecule?
Role of heat in combustion
Why does rock salt change colour when it&#39;s heated
How to spot free aldehydeic or ketonic group in reducing sugars by their structure
Chemistry Jokes Please!
Ways to change the spontaneity of a reaction
How quickly does sulfur hexafluoride mix with the atmosphere?
Assigning R/S stereochemistry of a cyclic molecule
Whats the Balanced chemical equation for heating sodium chloride and what type of a reaction is it?
Can covalently bonded hydrocarbons be influenced by a magnetic field?
Lightweight alternative to PVC that can include a UV-resistant polymer?
What does the pressure in the HPLC(High performance liquid chromatography) do?
Are these aromatic?
How explosive is hydrogen gas?
How to calculate an equilibrium constant from concentrations and a reaction equation
is this statement always true? : The more -OH functional groups in the molecule, the more is its viscosity
Why [MnCl6]^2- has got 4 unpaired electrons instead of 3?
How do I make a dysprosium chloride solution from dysprosium oxide?
Why leveling effect is reduced when strong acid is dissolved in a weaker acid than water?
Predicting orbital angular momentum effects on magnetic moments
What is the difference between distilled water and rainwater?
Gold salt solution?
Electron shell, how do they know it?
Is Polymorphism accompanied with an energy change?
when developing the chromatography paper, what chemical will you use to spray on the chromatography paper?
How to convert benzamide to benzylamine?
Organic reaction of dry ice and Grignard reagent
What&#39;s the relationship between charge and acidity/basicity?
History of acid-base reactions
Chemical equilibrium for simultaneous dissociation reactions
Is the momentary dipole in between a cell membrane due to the van-der-Waals forces?
How does High Frequency water electrolysis work?
Practical question about rotovap solvent collection
Aluminum foil in copper chloride solution
Do Faraday&#39;s gold colloidal solutions still exist?
why do charges result on atoms when coordinate bonds are formed
Water Quality Experiment
Reducing agent in preparation of CpRuCl(PPh3)2
What happens to a molecule when it is unstable?
Lennard-Jones potential and vibrational energy level diagram explanation
Best representation of hydrogen bond in solid HF?
Mixing Different Solutions with Different Wavelengths to Get Different Colors?
Hydrogen bond comparison
Chemistry of carbon compounds-plan and design
How do you list all possible reactions and intermediates of a reaction?
Benzylic Oxidation of Cyclic Molecules Using KMnO₄
Hydrogen Fuel Cell and Battery
What exactly is Hydrogen bonding (and why can&#39;t it exist with atoms other than Fluorine, Oxygen, Nitrogen)?
Why should alkylation of enols/carbonyl compounds be done at low temperature with a strong base?
What makes ceramic coated pans fail? Is it reversible?
Is there a visible change to baking soda when it reacts with odour?
When an enzyme is diluted with water, what is slowing down the rate of reaction?
How can placing a lone pair in axial position differs from that in equatorial in number of electron domains?
short/extensive training on computational chemistry
Galvanic Electrochemical Cell Without half cells
Hydrogen and Helium ideal gas behavior in room temperature
Can a volume of gas be measured by change in PSI?
Is it possible to calculate bond enthalpy from a given reaction?
Liquid to solid when exposed to air
How do you know what inter-molecular interactions are present?
What is degree of dissociation for polyprotic acids?
Organic Chemistry geometrical isometry
Quantum Numbers and Ions
Hydrochloric acid is reacted with calcium hydroxide
Meaning of prefix p,p′-?
can phenylethene be made like this from ethane and benzene?
can i make phenylethene like this ethane and benzene?
Allotropy and polymorphism
Ignoring spin, consider an electron in a hydrogen 2p orbital, what is its orbital magnetic moment?
How was it determined that the electron observed in the cathode ray experiments was the same particle that gave an atom its balancing negative charge?
How can i detect Formalin in food easily
Is the following equality true?
potential energy / newman projection for 2,3 dibromobutane
Conical intersections - phase
Looking for a chemical to calibrate a temperature sensor
Relative stability of keto- enol form of acetyl chloride
Finding is the concentration of H⁺ in a benzoate buffer solution after adding HCl
A question about symmetry structure
How to determine limiting conductivity of specific ions?
Which is more stable Carboxylate ion or phenoxide ion?
Tetrahedral or Square Planar
Carbonic acid-hydrogencarbonate buffer system pH calculation?
Stereochemistry - What happens if molecular rotation leads to the same compound?
What is the reason for strong acids/bases dissociating in water?
At what pH will the indicator change color?
Why do Allylic Halides prefer SN2 reaction over SN1?
Why interconversion in tautomers is so rapid?
Why tautomers are considered to be the same chemical compound?
General rules for deciding volatility
Order of lewis basic strength
What determines an element’s melting point?
Addition reaction of alkene
Do sugar alcohols have the potential to get a person drunk?
how to separate gamma-butyrolactone from N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone
Difference between Intermediate and Transition State
Is there a way to efficiently estimate the enthalpy of formation for an organic molecule in computational chemistry?
4-Bromo, 2,4-di-methylhexane and 3-Bromo, 3,5-di-methylhexane are the same thing?
Does resonance overrule hyper conjugation in terms of stability in alkenes?
What are all the structural isomers of a tertiary amine with the sum formula C6H15N?
Why is it -en-yne and not yn-ene? What is the explanation for this IUPAC specification?
Difference between solubility and dissolution?
Equilibrium Constant and Surface Area
Are these reaction mechanisms correct?
Amorphous to crystalline: Opposite trend?
Analogies of azide?
Trouble understanding 5 orientations of d orbitals
How can potassium disappear after cooking?
Can I make a pH 7 buffer from phosphoric acid and sodium hydroxide?
How to remove nitrate from water sample?
Dry ice and acetone
How do tie-line slopes affect raffinate/extract envelope in ternary phase diagrams?
Reaction of ethene with ammonia and sodium
Melting points and boiling points of primary alcohols do not follow the same trend
Real gas expansion
Why use glacial acetic acid in bromination of anisole?
Relating Delta E (U) to Delta H question
why does phosphorus makes 5 bonds with oxygen in P4O10 whereas 3 bonds in P4O6?
Kinetics: Order of Reaction
Writing Kp expressions?
What is the process or material that can enhance the conductivity of the graphene oxide?
How to find density of element metals
How to get a protein&#39;s dihedral angles ordered by variance?
Where can I find the Lewis structures of chemical compounds?
What is the explanation of the changes in stability going down a group for carbonates, bicarbonates, fluorides, and chlorides?
What is the enthalpy of combustion for ethene given the values of enthalpy of formation?
Is an acid a liquid or an aqueous solution?
Is Bromide anion acting as a base in reaction with ethylamine and methylbromide?
What forces keep a cotton fiber together?
Can carbon monoxide contaminate water?
What happens if don&#39;t use MgCl₂ in buffer solution in Ca&#178;⁺/Mg&#178;⁺ titration?
Which is most stable conformation of optically inactive butane-2,3-diol?
Why is this procedure containing a mistake? Among other questions
How to find the concentration of potassium permanganate in this experiment?
Is this the right conclusion for a thought experiment?
Yellow precipitate in the presence of ammonium molybdate?
How to synthesize methamphetamine?
How many moles of the substance are in 2.5 g of lead?
Which species can&#39;t appear in the rate expression for this reaction scheme?
Structure of carbon fiber
How can I make a graphene supercapacitor?
Easy-to-do experiments that clearly show outstanding properties of graphene
Spin coat of Graphene oxide on glass slides
Distortion of graphene structure
Graphene Vs Copper?
Diatomic Molecules/Elements
Why does this reaction take place in terms of electronic structure?
Partial hydrolysis of XeF6
While electrolyzing concentrated aqueous sodium chloride, why is it that chlorine is discharged but not sodium?
Why does ZnO turn yellow when it is hot?
Orbitals involved in Ni(CO)₄
Interpret Radiodecay Symbolism
Calculate Excited States using Gamess
Reason behind ZnO color
Amount of substance of a molecule in a solute the same as amount of substance of constituent elements?
Does hydrogen react with air at room temperature and pressure?
Are strange forms of matter possible?
How can I measure the internal temperature of a solid metal?
Can Hydride Shift and Methyl shift happen one after another in a carbocation?
How do you find the pH of a solution with a known pKa and Molarity?
How is charge density a useful measure of polarising power and polarisability?
Why DNA is negatively charged and what makes it so?
What mass of fragrances does a cubic meter of air contain on average?
Hydrolysis Of Amphiprotic Anion
relativistic effect: d-electrons in metallorganic complexes
Carbonyl/Nitrosonium Complex Stability
Calculating activity using a different standard state
Determine the Value and Units of the Rate Constant
Can any atom donate more than 1 lone pair as a coordinate bond to the same metal?
What exactly is Indium&#39;s ability to stabilize non-ferrous metals?
What is palindromic DNA?
Computer killed by insecticide; what compounds are likely?
Can I react a Grignard reagent (ethylmagnesium bromide) with water and then ammonia?
Hydrocarbons with only 4 carbon atoms
Boiling points of v. similar organic molecules
Determining which hydrate of calcium chloride I have?
A syringe containing 1.95&#160;mL of oxygen gas is cooled from 94.8&#160;&#176;C to 4.0&#160;&#176;C
Why does the molar conductivity decrease with increasing charge density?
What are the products of [Ti(H2O)6]Cl3 + H2SO4 + K2Cr2O7 ---&gt;
On biological detergent breaking down organic material
Nuclear Testing and Carbon Dating
Products of haloform reaction of acetylacetone?
heat capacity and thermal equilibrium
Which is more basic, hydrazine or ammonia?
How to create a buffer solution from NaOH and CH₃COOH?
Calculating percentages of microstructures in equilibrium phase diagrams (engineering)
Finding out the number of atoms in the sun.
How to calculate the osmotic pressure of a sucrose solution?
What reaction is happening when a lithium polymer battery &quot;is on fire&quot;
Can I use my extech pH 60 meter to measure soil pH if so how?
Finding equilibrium concentrations, trouble simplifying equation
Which units do I use in calculating heat capacity?
Thermochemistry Delta T?
Representing woody biomass concentration for kinetic reactions
Why does diamond conduct heat better than graphite?
Will the Sulfur-Iodine cycle and Haber Method work at lower pressures and temperatures?
Double Replacement Reactions form Precipitates
Calculating pH for titration of weak base with strong acid
Radon gas in earthquake prediction - Why Rn?
Precedence of 1,2 carbocation rearrangement
In infrared spectroscopy, why is there no C=C reading for E alkenes?
What is has a higher priority in naming organic compounds, alkyl groups or halides?
What are the resonance structures for chlorite anion?
Stability of Cis and Trans isomers?
Can you find [SO₃&#178;⁻] with just the two acid dissociation constants Kₐ₁ and Kₐ₂?
Why does NaCl dissolve in H2O despite its strong ionic bond?
Strongest oxidizing agents and reducing agent
What is the rate of analysis of hydrogen peroxide?
How to compare bond strengths of multiple bonds with each other?
Why does the mixture&#39;s temperature change while phase transition?
Can you heat water with additives?
&#39;Emulating&#39; calcium hydroxide
When and why do hot material take heat from cold material?
Transition element
Why is fat nonpolar?
Why do dianions (such as malonate) bind cations more strongly than anions?
What&#39;s the energy density of liquid nitrogen?
What is the highest possible expanded octet?
Why is 2-methylpropene less in energy than its alkene counterparts?
Resolution in Mass Spectrometry
What is the white substance left behind after boiling down water
Why is Aluminium Carbonate unstable?
UV-Vis emission from charge-separated states?
Carbonyl electrophilic reactivity
Kinetics where RDS is step 1
Why does egg yolk turn white when washed with water?
Why does temperature affect cell potential?
Strong and weak bases?
Concentration cell lower half cell concentration from measured cell potential
Why does an increase in temperature decrease the EP?
What&#39;s a good resource/book on pH measurements?
Hydro-Bromination Product 1,4-Benzoquinone
Can we prolong life?
Interaction between metalic nanoparticles and aggregation
The concentration is unity! Why?
Why heat of reaction under neither constant pressure or constant volume is considered (in my textbook, or probably somewhere else)?
Why do exam questions specify &quot;dilute acid&quot;?
Structure of a Metal in gas phase
Preparing a buffer from benzoic acid and sodium benzoate
Metallic bonding
How is the pKa of extremely weak acids determined?
pKa differences and reactivity
How to measure band gap of powder sample with using diffuse reflectance method
Why do many hypervalant chemicals have non-constant bond angles?
Sodium thiosulfate formation
Confused about strong/weak dibasic and tribasic acids?
How to calculate valence factor (n-factor) for a element?
How hydrate isomerism results difference in colours?
What is C2H5-O-CH=CH2?
Is the following statement about IUPAC nomenclature of substituted benzene accurate?
Potassium permanganate hybridisation
Raoult&#39;s Law explained with thermodynamics/ free energy
How concentrated can an acid be?
Why are so many wave functions associated with hydrogen?
Molecular weight determination from freezing point depression
Reduction of acids with borane
Is this a possible organic structure?
Why is RS- more basic than RO-?
Why is p-methoxyphenol more acidic than p-methylphenol?
Doubts about IUPAC nomenclature of 4-ethyl-1-fluoro-2-nitrobenzene
Stabilisation of phenoxide ion
Why is the melting/boiling point of ionic bond higher than covalent bond?
IUPAC Naming: 2-phenyloctane or 2-octanylbenzene
What is &quot;heating under reflux&quot;?
Abnormal termination of GAMESS in frequencies calculation
Gibbs free energy-minimum or zero?
How to determine number of structural isomers?
Alkyne&#39;s + Sodium or Soda Amide
Alkane nomenclature - choosing the parent chain - maximize or minimize substituents?
Half Cell Method of Voltage Calculation in an Electrochemical Cell
Dehydration/Condensation terminology question
Wine resveratrol buccal delivery questions
Can decarboxylation be done under carbon dioxide?
Geometrical Isomerization
Can a strong electrolyte be sparingly soluble?
how do you enable result summary in gaussview
Reactions of alkynes and Sodium or soda amide
What causes passivity of specific metals in conc. nitric acid?
Exercising to use up energy consumed
compression set of tin catalyzed silicone better than platinum?
Weak base titrated with a strong acid
NaClO Concentration
Metamers (Isomerism)
Singlet oxygen production
Do core electrons in bulk material have discrete energy levels or continuous energy band?
Carbocation stability order
What makes some metals melt at higher temperature?
Is there a material that reduces copper melting point and completely dissolves?
Heisenberg&#39;s Uncertainty Principle&#39;s inequality
Do core electrons have molecular orbitals?
Effect of pressure on solubility of salts
What are some popular science books in chemistry?
Deriving The Triple Point Temperature and Pressure as the following expression
Chirality vs Resonance in chemical structure
Chalcogens&#39; hydrides as acids?
Derivation of formula for Degree of Unsaturation
Why is NaCl3 possible?
Chemical writing: the term &quot;synthesis route&quot;
Does the magnesium 2+ ion prefer an octet or more?
If 2-chloro-3-methyl-3-phenyl butane undergoes SN1 then what will the major product and why?
Why is chloroethene said to be a conjugated system?
How do we predict the order of melting points of group 1 and group 2 halides?
What happens in an acid and metal reaction where the acid is twice as concentrated and the metal twice as much in quantity?
Stirring the reaction between hydrochloric acid and a powdered substance
Ionisation Energy (removal of electron)
How do I calculate the molarity of the Na2CO3 solution?
Second ionization potential of Gadolinium
How can I carry out a titration to identify mercury in wastewater?
Why does Si2H4 readily polymerize at RTP but ethene does not (requires catalyst)?
Separation of metal particles from fluid in ferrofluid
Determine molecular weight of biomass based on ultimate analysis
Difference between radial,planar,angular and spherical nodes
What chemicals help define &quot;taste&quot;?
Does Gallium (liquid or solid) corrode all forms of brass?
GAMESS and Gaussian : what is the maximum efficient number of supported nodes?
What is more stable: a carbonate ion or a sulphate ion?
Analytical solution to first-order rate laws
Analysis project to conduct
Decomposition of hexaurea-chromic-chloride-trihydrate
Why does sulphur form S8 instead of S3?
Why macromolecule ligands such as Crown ethers form more stable complexes than open chain ligands?
What decides the order of priority of functional groups in organic compounds?
The acid in soft drinks dissolves your teeth. Which type of chemical could you use to stop the acid?
Endo rule for the Diels Alder stereoselectivity
Why is addition of HBr to 2,4 penta diene called 1,2 addition?
What is meant by statements x,y addition of any compound(for example HBr) to a conjugated diene or benzene derivative?
arrange these in increasing acidity order
Where do the bubbles in a glass of water come from?
Solubility problem, finding Ksp
How does alum improve the settling of particles to produce &#39;clean&#39; water?
maximum number of electrons each shell
Obtain precipitated iron?
Why doesnt the Bessemer process oxidize the iron?
Alloys for inkless metal pen
Aromaticity-Bromonium Ion
Is propylhexedrine freebase or hcl salt more active when consumed
What substance has the lowest Ksp value?
What is the mean curvature of nitrates and nitrites?
Effects Guiding Electrophilic Aromatic Substitution
What is the differences between partial pressure and vapour pressure?
Polarity of the nitrate ion
Electrolysis of Water
Order of priority in hybridization of d-orbitals
What is the maximum molarity of aqueous HCl?
Why is diborane cleaved symmetrically by trimethylamine but unymmetrically by ammonia?
Hyper conjugation in acetic acid?
Frost diagram and acidic/basic conditions.
What is the precipitate of this reaction of magnesium?
Can weathering change the composition of something so that it appears different?
How is iron(III) chloride changed from solid to solution?
is it possible to store formic acid longer if frozen?
Stoichiometry of biomass production
Why are C6 dispersion forces named C6?
How to lose as little heat as possible to the surroundings from an endothermic reaction?
How to store methanol
What&#39;s happening at the beginning of a weak acid titration?
Conversion of Methane to Propane
Spontaneous Reaction and Gibbs Free Energy
Thermal decomposition products of polyurea?
How can I determine the pH of a solution when I add more analyte after the equivalence point?
Make a silver zinc battery
Why is only one proton transferred in the reaction between Sulfuric acid and Sodium Chloride
Changing solubility of metal complex by adding ethanol
Why does H₂Se have a bigger Ka2 than H₂Te
How to predict the colour of a pH indicator using Le Chatelier&#39;s principle
How to synthesize Boron tri-fluoride using Boron Oxide
How do you calculate the effect of adding more acid past the neutralization point?
Why do ionic solids change to a structure with a higher coordination number at high pressures?
Organic Chemistry - Nucleophilic Substitution Reactions
How to find partial pressures from a given equilibrium constant Kp?
How do I write out a chemical reaction?
Why is gold golden?
What is the viscosity of menstruation blood?
concentration of magnesium chloride solution in an experiment?
Ammonium nitrate in fuel-air bombs
Does this equation balance?
Why does the US not manufacture sodium thiopental themselves?
Relative energies between reactants and products
Permittivity of different chemicals at 550 degree centigrade
How exactly is energy created by oxidative phosphorylation
Which is most reliable excitation energy: LUMO-HOMO energy or TD-DFT excitation energies?
How to calculate the heat capacity of a calorimeter?
Solid AgCl placed in 1 L of 0.55 M NaCl - find mass AgCl dissolved
How many moles NH₄Cl must be added to NH₃ to create buffer with pH=9?
Spontaneity of an exothermic reaction when temperature is decreased
What are the charge carriers in a Silicon wafer?
Why does Silver form bonds with covalent character?
Nucleophilic Substitution Reactions
Behaviour of water at exactly 0&#160;&#176;C
Testing for the presence of Hexamethylenetetramine / Formaldehyde
Are there two compound resins that tolerate over 1000&#176;C for glass/carbon fiber?
What is non-expansion work?
If Gibbs energy of activation is positive, how is the change to the transition state possible?
transparent plate that hardened resin won&#39;t stick to
How to determine methane percentage at home?
How can I calculate the boiling temperature of a pure substance as a function of pressure?
Oxidation State of the Sulfur atoms in the Thiosulfate Ion
Reduction of amide with LiAlH4
Why use a salt bridge at all in an electrochemical cell?
What&#39;s the source of &quot;2.303&quot; in Van&#39;t Hoff equation?
What is involved in this firey demonstration?
How do you melt metals with super high melting points?
Photochemical ligand substitution of metal carbonyls - role of water cooled lamp-jacket?
Why does Fe(CO)₄ adopt a tetrahedral, as opposed to square planar, geometry?
What is the chemistry behind the reaction of KNO₃, K₂CO₃ and Sulfur?
Learning about explosives
Why does bond angle decrease in the order H₂O, H₂S, H₂Se?
definition of relative atomic mass
IUPAC nomenclature Cyclic vs Acyclic
How to determine ortho/para substituents on the aromatic ring via NMR ?
How can I relate the reactivity series to electronegativity and ionization energy?
How to work out what element will react more with oxygen?
Formula of a cubic lattice
Why is salt needed when using vinegar to clean pennies?
Definitive Guide To Removing Stains From Baby Clothes
How do atoms combine?
What is the justification behind the principle of corresponding states?
Are the energies of orbitals that are not filled in an atom, equal?
What is the significance of enthalpy definition not under constant pressure?
What is the electronic configuration of Fe(II) ion?
Heat Capacity temperature dependence and Gibbs energy
How surface passivation works?
Name for carbon and boron groups?
Integration of the first order rate equation
Determining concentration of phosphate buffer from pH?
physical chemistry- About the existence of Azeotropic composition
Experimental difficulty with the iodine clock reaction
Frequency, the only real characteristics of electromagnetic radiation ??
PVP-10 Stock Solutions
Why does small value of van der Waals gas constant &quot;b&quot; ensure easier liquefication?
The change in enthalpy of carbon in diamond form to graphite is negative .This suggests that graphite should be more stable than diamond. is it true?
Calcination in metallurgical process?
Can very dilute acids exposed to air become more concentrated as water evaporates?
How does Phosphorus Pentachloride bond?
Having trouble understanding the iron-carbon phase diagram
Why Bari centre is considered as Zero energy level?
kinetic and thermodynamic parameters of biodiesel production from lard
What does the Clausius Inequality mean in thermodynamics? (entropy)
HHO devices for cars (hydrogen enchancement of fuel burning reaction)
A unique demo for singlet oxygen?
In which all substituents does Inductive effect overpower Mesomeric effect?
Comparing SN2 reaction rates
Does sodium form complexes like transition metal ions?
Anode and Cathode Understanding
What is the reason for this azeotrope formation?
NMR: Magnetic and chemical equivalence in benzene
What makes Kleenex Cool Touch tissues cool to the touch, and is it safe?
How do I decide the parent chain of an organic compound that has a ring as well as a side chain while naming the compound?
Calculating Energy Change of Acetic acid
Why are transition metal hydroxides insoluble?
Hydrogen fuel cell - why do the H+ ions move through the electrolyte
Epsom salts - heavy metal contamination myth?
Converting 26.62 NOx &#181;g/L into mM (millimolars)?
Iodine color change in different complexes
Ionic equilibrium equation
What is the enthalpy change for the following equation?
Pseudo 1st order Kinetic reaction
When the intermolecular forces in a liquid increase, does the equilibrium vapor pressure of the liquid at a given temperature increase or decrease?
An electric potential is generated when a liquid moves with respect to a solid (streaming potential). Is the reverse true?
How to separate KCl from NaCl and MgCl₂?
How to rationalise the basicity order of phenyldiamine?
Global warming kinetics
Calculate the amount of energy in kJ necessary to convert 346&#160;g of liquid water from 0&#160;&#176;C to water vapor at 182&#160;&#176;C
How to calculate the bond energy of C-Cl?
Hybridization - Mixing one atomic s orbital with 2p orbitals
Silicon degassing with negative pressure
What is/are the product when this reacts with Lucas reagent?
how to determine the bond order using the Lewis structure
Make pure phthalocyanines from phthalocyanine dyes
Why is active mass of a pure solid or liquid always taken as unity?
Principle of potentiometric titration
How do I chill water without a refrigerator?
How does 3dCarbon CLIP printer work?
Does the compound KFO₃ exist?
Why can air accommodate more water when the air has a higher temperature?
Finding identities of diatomics from Spectroscopy and Mass Spec Data
Need of hyperconjugation?
Difference between continuously overlapping p orbitals and conjugated pi bonds
Does tetramine copper dissolve cellulose?
Calculating the concentration of acetic acid in vinegar from pH
Are all naturally occuring reactions exothermic?
Solubility of Ca(OH)₂ as determined by experiment
Why no thermal expansion for camping tents?
Why H-OH is more acidic than CH3CH2-OH?
find percentage ionic character if electronegativity is given
How to express uncertainty containing values with error progression?
What is the smell of a glass of water in contact with fresh air?
Spontaneity of reversible chemical reactions - Both sides?
Reverse Friedel-Crafts mechanism
Does sorbitol dissolve in ethanol?
Photo-excitation: LUMO energy or LUMO-HOMO energy?
Why does Pb normally have an oxidation number of +2?
What is the origin of the differences between the MO schemes of O₂ and N₂?
Are there any STP liquids not containing large amounts of hydrogen and oxygen that are safe for human contact?
What makes an epoxide stable?
Why does the graph of compressibility factor(z) vs pressure increase after reaching the minimum?
How can you achieve negative pressure?
&quot;Alkanes must be vaporised before they will burn&quot; - what does this mean?
Are there positive ligands?
Paper making alternative
How chemically homogeneous is air?
abbreviations in electronic configurations
Orientation of halogenation
Identify &quot;decoupling sites&quot; in Glucose Oxydase reaction
Partial pressure and chemical equilibirum
How can ionic substances have an infinitely-repeating lattice structure?
What would follow in the series sigma, pi and delta bonds?
Is this a possible explanation as to why sigma bonds are stronger than pi bonds?
Why member ring is favoured in chelates?
How does CrF₆&#179;⁻ hybridize?
How to prevent Tin ions from precipitating as Tin(II,IV) Hydroxides
Structure of benzene
C-H Bond Dissociation Energy varies with substitution
Chemistry of Stripper Poles: How much weight can different materials support?
Is there a relationship between bond strength and polarity?
Can metals have a net negative charge
Does Nitrogen dioxide change colour if we put it in a constant temperature of e.g. 100 kelvin?
Difference between exothermic and exergonic
Is it possible to make a drug that liquefies heart plaque to treat heart disease?
what are possible isomers of (meso-stilbenediamine)(isobutylenediamine) palladium (II)?
Why is this organic compound trans, and not cis?
Molecular bond angles
3rd analytical group of cations
The standard for drinking water is 1300 mg/l and the first area has a value of 837 ug
Molecular geometry, why am i getting the wrong angles?
Here are four observations of the reactions of four metals
What gas is released during dissolving NaOH
Finding new pH after NaOH added to buffer soln given original pH and concentrations of both components
Why is it that reactions that cause an increase of temperature are exothermic?
Lambert Beer&#39;s law deviations
Do multielectron atoms have nodes?
Acidity In Organic Compounds
Can we really beat the speed of light?
What is the definition of of &#39;compound&#39;, &#39;mixture&#39;, &#39;element&#39; and &#39;molecule&#39;?
Why is the decarboxylation of 2-hydroxybenzoic acid (and related compounds) done &#39;under nitrogen&#39;?
titration percent?
Non-halogen intermediate between alkane and alcohol under basic conditions?
How do I calculate the pressure of a known liquid in a sealed container heated above boiling point?
How is it that fructose has a different metabolic pathway than glucose but yet glucose is converted to fructose?
What is meant by word on arrow?
Formation of O₂, Water, and Electricity from Hydroxide?
Why the magnitude of dipole moment influences on FTIR % transmittance?
What are the minimum required given sets of information to complete an ICE chart for an equilibrium reaction?
Can paper burn without oxygen or air?
Have there been no advances in the determination of effective nuclear charges since Clementi and Raimondi in the 60s?
How to calculate bond enthalpies from first principles?
How do I go about balancing these equations?
Effect of effective nuclear charge increase on the stabilization of 2s and 2p orbitals
Finding out the concentration of oxygen in water
Sequential Kinetics
How do you identify reducing / non-reducing sugar by looking at structure?
Looking for a compound
Why does the OAc group leave in the first step of Oxymercuration?
How much water was absorbed?
Isn&#39;t the mass of a carbon 12 equal to a mass of 6 neutron + 6 proton + 6 electron?
Examples of electronically conductive foods?
Why is water considered ionic in fuel cells but otherwise covalent?
Energy required to break single bond vs double bond vs triple bond of a carbon atom in an organic molecule
Why do noble gases bond with themselves but not other elements?
How to calculate the enthalpy of formation of hydrazine from tabulated values?
Double anode in simple cell
How to detect azide group on a primer?
Determining the Average Bond Enthalpy for the C-F bond
Chlorosulfonation mechanism
Mechanism of styrene dimerization
Why should a complexometric titration be kept neutral?
Green and red crystals of [Ni(Ph2EtP)2Br2]
Similar proteins in milk, oats and eggs
Anode and Cathode
Ratio of copper(II) ions to EDTA?
Minimizing Gibbs free energy with Helmholtz free energy expressions
Why do branched chain compounds have lower boiling points than the corresponding straight chain isomers?
What makes C=O more stable that C(OH)₂
What forces hold ink on paper?
Where to find data for gibbs energy, enthalpy, and entropy digitally
Cell overpotential diagrams
Calculate species concentration from first-order kinetic reactions
Why does the second electron affinity has an opposite sign of the first one?
Slow acidification process
What exactly is happening when sodium, potassium, or other alkali metal explodes in water?
DFT Functional Selection Criteria
How adding one more electron increases the ionization energy?
How to make permanent ink that appears after some time?
Why does hot steam produce MgO instead of MgOH?
White powder observed after boiling water in electric kettle for many weeks
Radial Distribution Function for a Hard Sphere Gas in the Percus-Yevick Approximation - Is There a Quick Way to Evaluate it Numerically?
Thermometer fluid is separated, defective?
How to find molecular charge of fragments using quantum calculations?
What is the significance of an organic compound&#39;s M peak?
Why would the 2+ molecular ion of butane have a mass spectrum peak at 29?
Why do E2 reactions (dehydrohalogenation) only occur when the hydrogen and leaving group are in the same plane?
Can neutralization be reversed?
Absolute Masses Of Atoms (in Kg)
Amount of Energy Needed for Boiling a Litre of Water
How does a catalyst affect the rate equation
cannizarro reaction of CCl₃CHO
Resonance of Aromatic compounds
Hydrogen Peroxide and catalase reaction
What does the peak separation of carbon dioxide IR rotational-vibrational spectrum corresponds to and why?
Is there any reason why we use a certain method rather than a possible one to find the needed?
Why does aluminium foil does not react with water molecules in a microwave?
How to study (by heart) all the equations in inorganic chemistry?
why is nitric a stronger oxidising agent than sulphuric?
Does C₂H₅OH react with K to form C₂H₅OK and H₂?
Best way to clean a gold-plated yoyo bearing?
degeneracy and Mendeleev table
Why would there be differences in UV/Vis spectrum?
Correlation between crystal structure and underlying atomic properties
Please explain the following graph for a quantum mechanical harmonic oscillator
Solubility determination of Ca(OH)₂ in water
Calculating Vapor Pressure from Delta G/ Kp
How much does the quality of glassware matter, really?
Diluting down solutions method
Thermochemistry: forms of energy &amp; pressure
Peracetic acid stability
Why is Lanthanum a &quot;fluoride ion sensitive electrode&quot; and hence used for measuring &quot;flouride concentration&quot;?
Hemoglobin equilibrium - effect of increased carbon dioxide and lactic acid
What is an orbital boundary surface?
Thermodynamic properties software
Why are some salt solutions coloured?
Pt[BrCl(PR₃)₂] cis, trans isomer nmr - Which is cis and which is trans?
sp&#178; hybridized orbital
Hybridization of the oxygen in furan?
Is shielding of electrons really best described as shielding or is it really Coulombic repulsion between electrons?
How does one export a PDB structure to SVG?
Why is Ma*Va=Mb*Vb still valid for weak acids/bases?
How to calculate to number of moles using the ideal gas law
How to remove a stuck stopper from a flask
Regioselectivity in a Diels-Alder reaction with an alkyne
Signs of Exchange and Correlation Potentials
What does this property of transition metals mean?
Does an acetal give a positive Tollens test?
Propagation of uncertainty
Effect of a solute on the boiling point of the solution
Electronic Effect In Cyclohexyl Ethyne
Why does basic peroxide react via conjugate addition rather than through direct addition?
ph &amp; pOH - Autoionization of Water
What is the role of POCl₃ in this reaction?
SN2 attack and sp&#178; carbons
Why does K⁺ have 0 valence electrons?
Do epoxide rings react with bases?
How to store distilled water
Can flexible plastics have reflective coating (vacuum metalized)?
What is the pKa of the oxonium / hydronium / H₃O⁺ ion?
Saltpetre in the Garage
How it is possible to make Aqua Regia in the lab?
when do we indicate the &quot;+ or -&quot; sign in uncertainty
Is there a list of known rate laws for reactions?
Why is the vertical part of a titration curve longer for a strong acid by a strong base than for a weak?
How to rationalise the trend in the covalent radii of the transition metals?
Possible Synthesis of MVK from 2-Butanone?
how to calculate the gas volume per purge when I change the cylinder?
why colour of CuSO4 and CuCl3 is different?
What is the reasoning behind the increasing pKa for organic compounds?
How exactly do alcohol molecules dissolve in seawater?
In which country is it allowed to practice non-clandestine amateur chemistry?
Is there a general / simple formula for Slater&#39;s rules?
In what ways (other than color) does black Aluminum Oxide differ from white?
Fluorescein synthesis
Conductivity as a function of acid concentration
Why do carbon dioxide and sodium hydroxide not form sodium oxide and carbonic acid?
Is there an experiment that visibly shows the effects of metastability?
Converting sulfate ion to sulfur trioxide?
How to calculate the enthalpy change for the formation of ethylene epoxide from ethylene?
Could I settile for galvanized steel over stainless for salt corrosion resistance?
Deviation from Raoults law: Acetone and ethanol
How to cancel once-mentioned element in thermochemical reactions
Is most of the weight you lose actually released as carbon dioxide when you exhale?
How much water evaporates In a vacuum before freezing?
Is reduction potential equivalent to the ease of discharge?
What happens if you make a gas of magnetic particles
Determining [CO2] of a sample in ppm
How to calculate concentration of hydrogel nanoparticles
Free software to change XRD stepsize
Stern Volmer Plot and calculating rate constant for quenching kq
Perception of taste of sugar VS soft drink
Assistance in understand IUPAC name for tetrahedrane
How actually do we decide acidity and basicity order?
Effect of temperature on cooking
Why is hydrogen gas so highly reactive?
Determine if the following change is an oxidation, a reduction, or neither
What is the IUPAC nomenclature for Intermetallic Compounds?
What chemical elements release a nuclear explosion ( mushroom cloud)?
What are the best chemical liquids to clean metallic surfaces?
Can quantum entanglement affect the chemistry of molecules?
How do you find the pH of a solution from a density and weight percentage?
Which is the strongest acid?
How much gas is inside a pressurised gas cylinder?
How do you figure out the dissociation energy for ions?
Why is ozone O₃ diamagnetic?
Reaction of alkenes with Br₂ in presence of NaCl
Alkene reactions with sodium tert-butoxide and CHBr₃
Dihydrogen monoxide
Is pyrite (FeS₂) an ionic or a covalent compound?
Why does SiF₄ have a higher melting point than SF₄?
How many critical points? Why?
What&#39;s up with SiO₂ being tetrahedral?
What is the reasoning behind the resonating structure of halo-benzene?
What is the direction of charge transfer between Aluminum and aliphatic amines physisorbed on top?
when do we consider the samples in a calorimeter as a solution in calculation?
Why aryl halides are very less reactive towards nucleophilic substitution reactions?
How to run crystal simulation on GAMESS?
Is there something which will block liquids but is dissolved by blood?
Reason behind Opaque translucent transparent
when do we consider the moles in bomb calorimeter?
How to determine the sign of the enthalpy of formation?
What is the most accepted explanation of aurophilicity?
How to calculate the pH of a sodium fluoride and hydrogen fluoride aqueous mixture?
Is 2-bromobutane chiral?
Reactivity of thioesters with respect to nucleophilic attack
Meaning of equilibrium in &quot;Vapour in equilibrium with liquid&quot;?
Would it be possible to create a (non-toxic) alcoholic drink that, when zapped with laser, changes color?
Why is the work done by gas expanding to space is 0 and not infinity?
How many electrons can each shell in an atom hold?
Identifying rearrangement reaction?
Reverse electro-plating byproducts
Molarity vs Normality in labeling sulfuric acid
&#185;H-MRS Detection of Dopamine
Would 2 C₂ be 2 moles of diatomic carbon, or 4 moles of carbon?
Why can some ions have different valence?
Including H⁺ from the hydrolization of the acid in a titration pH calculation?
How exactly are molecules detected in space?
How do I type a simple chemical equation in Microsoft Word?
Why does magnesium have the lowest melting point of all earth alkalis?
Applying Avagadro&#39;s law: the relationship between moles and volume of a gas
Why does ClO₄⁻ only have 3 double bonds?
&#185;&#185;B NMR in a borosilicate tube
How do I calculate the order of a reaction given slope?
Why don&#39;t B, C, Si, have ionic forms?
Testing isopropyl alcohol purity
Is there a standard symbol for molar density?
Why weren&#39;t the electrons attracted to doubly charged Helium particles in the Rutherford experiment?
Where does the 9th electron go in a N=O bond?
Do ethanol and phenylethanol share the same properties?
Strain Energy in di-axial vs di-equatorial
Is there a field of chemistry that doesn&#39;t do experiments?
Estimating the protein concentration of an unpure protein solution
Given the Pair Correlation Functions for a Multi-component Fluid, is There a Simple way to Obtain the Helmholtz Free Energy?
Why can we smell copper?
Incomplete Combustion products
How to calculate excess of the reagent for the reaction of potassium with nitrogen?
How can a protein folding transition state have zero lifetime?
What would be the products?
Convert kinetic rate constant into a rate?
Trying to figure out heat of reaction
dependence of Intensity on penetration of light
When does nitrogen contribute its electrons to aromaticity?
Combustion in liquid state
Public API for physical properties
Why do we write NH₃?
In cleaving ethers with both SN1 and SN2 mechanisms possible, which occurs first?
How to change CO₂ to a less polluting gas?
Can polyatomic ions (CO₃ ,PO₄ ,SO₄ ,NO₃ ) be considered conjugated systems?
What is the priority of a phenyl group in a compound such as this?
why are Ca(OH)₂ and Al(OH)₃ less soluble than Na(OH) in water
Making a saturated solution of Na₂CO₃
Difference between sodium ion and a transition metal ion dissolving in water?
Difference between white sugar, brown sugar and red sugar
What are the signs for work done by (on?) a gas during isothermal reversible compression?
Why does phosphorus tribromide act as a Lewis acid (electron acceptor)?
How metal-plating on plastics is performed?
related to potential in electrochemistry
IUPAC Nomenclature of Benzene+Aliphatic chain
Ashes to diamonds --- How?
Synthesis of a bicyclo[2.2.2]octane from benzoic acid
Why does boron fume in moist air? Is the following accurate?
Show that there can be 18 electrons in a &quot;g&quot; subshell
Diels-Alder without molecular orbital theory
how can decreasing in temperature indicates an endothermic reaction?
Product of Reaction between aluminium chloride and N(CH₃)₃
How does adding Argon to this reaction affect the number of moles of each reactant?
What will be the major product on chlorination of m-nitrophenol?
Methylene Blue Photo-initiation PH
Concentration of expanding gases
Positive or Negative Anode/Cathode in Electrolytic/Galvanic Cell
How do octahedral seed crystals yield polyhedral Cu₂O crystals?
Why does ammonia have sp hybridization?
Are there any amphoteric substances other than H₂O and NH₃?
Why Cl⁻ can&#39;t act as bidentate ligand?
Bond enthalpy vs. enthalpy of atomization confusion
Does SiO₂ have polar covalent bonds or coordinate covalent bonds?
Does resonance apply to NO₂⁺?
Can I change glass transition temperature (Tg) and impact resistance with additives?
What is the meaning of &quot;superionic&quot;?
Heat energy of phosphoric acid evaporation
Changing diethyl ether (as anti solvent) in a reaction
When I dissolve sugar in my cup of tea/coffee, does it become a liquid or gas, or neither?
Why does the electron affinity increase in the 15th group
the molecular formula of an unknown hydrocarbon
Calculating the Gibbs Free Energy of Mixing
Which causes of quenching increase specifically in electrochemical experiments?
Question regarding molar heat of combustion
Zeolite formation
Nomenclature of methyl groups in an alkanol
Fentons Reagent tips: H₂O₂ + FeSO₄
Lowest freezing point room temperature liquid?
What easy to conduct (at home) reactions could yield solid carbon?
The feasibility of the electrochemical cell.
Separating metals out of a magnet
Calculating the Molarity of an Ion?
CO detector reaction
Effect of inductive effect on boiling point,melting point and dipole movement
1H NMR Broad peaks
Am I right in giving the following reason for some questions relating to the p-block?
Why is water wet and fire hot?
How can you manage SCF convergence problems?
Relationship between thermodynamic reversibility and reactions
Why do the names of most chemical elements end with -um or -ium?
pH Activity much lower than pH Experimental and pH Calculated
How does sulfuric acid dehydrate sugars?
Isoelectric point pH, mV, for a metal oxide nanopowder
How does one separate ethanol from acetic acid using aqueous extraction?
How can it be certain that some bonds are 180 degrees?
Chemical bond-covalent-valence electrons OH-
Why can&#39;t rust form without water?
Increase in bond length of BF₄⁻ compared to BF₃
Can we make Gold in a Lab?
Acidity of oxonium ion
Is the following paragraph about steam distillation accurate?
A chemical that would react with sodium polyacrylate?
Enantioselective organic reaction not working
Software/server for calculation of protonation states of small molecules depending on pH
How does &quot;breathable&quot; siloxane water sealant work?
Boiling and melting point of trans- and cis-but-2-ene
How can concrete set underwater?
offset in measuring decomposition potentials
Boiling point of Coca-Cola
How to calculate the volume of a sodium hydroxide solution necessary to add to water, to raise the pH to a certain value?
Sulfur Doped Titanium Dioxide
Boric Acid - Mechanism of Acidity
Impossible pH For Aqueous Weak Acid Solution
Chalky residue from melted ice cubes
Which is More Stable with Boranes: Amines or Phosphines?
What is the major product on chlorination of 2-methylbutane?
Test for chlorine and chloramine in city water supply
What does &quot;/2&quot; in the structure of calcium benzoate mean?
How to detect H₂SO₄ (aq) and NH₃
Split carbonate ions?
Chemistry books with a clinical perspective (not pharmacology)
Help me understand the correlation between the equilibrium constant and delta G
Why does the &quot;gap&quot; between atomic radii get smaller down the periodic table?
Attack of amine on amide
Why, during aspirin synthesis in acidic conditions, anydride carbonyl oxygen is protonated rather than salicylic acid carbonyl oxygen ?
What is the Kb of the conjugate base of a strong acid?
Why was anhydrous magnesium carbonate “upsalite” discovered so late?
Number of pi-electrons in an energy state
The ionization energy of H₂⁺ molecule ion
What is the charge on the copper ion in antlerite which is Cu₃(SO₄)(OH)₄?
What happens to the hydroxide anion during the electroreduction of water?
Does the probability of fluorescence increase when energy of incident X-rays match the electron&#39;s binding energy?
What is the partial molar volume of epsomite (magnesium sulfate heptahydrate)?
Has the molecular diatomic oxygen trianion been observed or predicted?
Purity of precipitate in selective precipitation
When does &#39;H&#39; Shows +I/-I effect and why does T,D show better +I effect?
Why do the pennies in the pre/post 1982 penny experiment sometimes dissolve completely?
Are there a few nontoxic chemicals that when rubbed together or even mixed create heat?
Calculation of Solute Mole Fraction
Safety in handling of concentrated ammonium fluoride
Valence electrons in Helium?
Is this cotton or viscose?
Calculate the %wt of limestone in the rock
SDS-PAGE container terminology
If pH of the solution is zero, what would be the normality of an H₂SO₄ solution?
Making ice from carbonated water
What is it about the relationship between the Fe&#178;⁺ and Fe&#179;⁺ in magnetite that makes it diamagnetic?
What is the chemistry behind cleaning silverware with aluminium foil
Why is AgCl less soluble than AgNO₃?
Hydrogenation at atmospheric pressure in amateur environment
Why is NH₄⁻ an anion and NH₃ is not?
Molar absorption coefficient - why are the molar absorptivities defined to be the same?
What are the triple point pressure and temperature for pure cyclohexane?
Higher energy π HOMO
Why are enthalpies of reaction or Gibbs FE change given in kJ/mol
What oxidation state does Aluminium have in NaAlO₂?
Why is AlMg3 called aluminum alloy?
Why do aqueous solutions of sodium chloride and silver nitrate swap ions?
Finding out the gas from ratio of specific heat
Entropy and enthalpy change on mixing liquids
Bromination of cyclohexene
How would I calculate the Normality of a 0.00167 molar solution of KIO₃?
Bonding in C₂, a carbon-carbon quadruple bond?
What do Pb(NO₃)₂ + KI form together?
Does Uranium ore count as a mixture?
Why are water droplets shaped like that?
How to calculate the equilibrium vapor pressure of a mixture of two substances?
What is the reaction equation for a mixture of trichloroethanoic acid and dimethylpropanoic acid?
Trying to figure out what these elements have in common
Does the catalyst alter the Potential energy Surface?
Acid-base related chemistry
At what scenario will a LCD monitor that used mercury inside their lamp be harmful
Effect of concentration on molar conductance
Ionic Compounds
Balancing a REDOX reaction using the oxidation number method, in acidic solution
Dilution terminology
Amine addition to nitro group
Etching a Screen Protector Film
Is sodium hypochlorite solution an ionic solution - does it conduct current?
Which is more stable ? - A carbanion on benzene ring or a carbanion on a vinylic carbon on an aliphatic chain?
The Acidity of the Hydrated Iron (III) Ion
How can one explain Niobium’s weird electronic configuration?
Strong acid equilibrium
Will all thermodynamic equations have a linear dependence with moles?
Why is snow white?
LiAlH₄ with carboxylic acid
Where did the acac come from in Cr(acac)₃ synthesis by CrCl₃ reagent?
If we mix Ice and water (both at 0 degree Celsius), does their quantity remain constant?
Does citric acid react with carbonated water?
Why do we add copper when testing a salt for nitrate ion?
NaHCO₃ + HNO₃ -&gt; NaNO₃ + H₂O + CO₂ ... but something weird happens to me in practice
Balancing REDOX reactions in a basic solution, when no H+ ions are present
Why would this reaction occur? Won&#39;t it be unfavourable?
Density Functional Theory with Generalized Gradient Approxmations (GGA) - What Happens if the Electron Density Shows a &quot;Kink&quot; at the Ion Position?
How to calculate weight of CO₂ in one kg of fuel
Anti-Markovnikov Effect
Electrolysis in aqueous solution - which equations to use to predict product at each electrode?
Which gas makes Orange juice bottles swell?
Ksp of calcium hydroxide
Why conductivity of electrolyte decreases on dilution, but molar conductivity increases?
Why not to consider hydrogen and oxygen moles to determine an empirical formula
Difference between shells, subshells and orbitals
Is there a name for the intersection of the graphs of first and second order reactions?
Negative charge of methoxide anion
Understanding dissolution of CO₂ in Selexol and Rectisol
How is the acid HSO₄⁻ formed?
Balancing the equation when MnO₂ is reduced to MnO by H₂(g)
Where does the extra electron go in ionic compounds?
Acid + Base = More basic base or more acidic acid
Finding molar mass of an unknown acid
Bipyridyl complex isomers
Replacement for optical calcite (Glan Thompson prism)?
Why is Cr&#178;⁺ is a good reducing agent but Mn&#179;⁺ is a good oxidising agent?
What does it mean for a reaction to favor the reactants/products?
Working out the number of Moles adsorbed of Ethanoic acid
How can you predict relative Rf values of cis-trans isomers in thin layer chromatography?
Electrolysis of molten Calcium Chloride: Identifying the product
Why do you need a strong base for a titration
How to predict the &#179;&#185;P NMR spectra?
Possible to grow optical calcite?
Whic one is Nitric Acid, HNO₃ by itself or when it is included in H₂O?
What&#39;s the relation between the octet rule and quantum exclusion and how is it related to oxidation state?
A good book for learning paper and thin-layer chromatography
Finding molarities of individual reagents given the chemical equation and total concentration in a container
How to remove Sn from Sn₆₀Cu₄₀ alloy?
What reaction took place?
Calculating concentration and volume in acid metal reactions
How to determine enzyme inhibitor efficacy?
How to rationalise the difference in the melting points of acids and alcohols with inter molecular forces?
Why is formic acid a stronger acid than acetic acid?
Calculating the angular momentum for these orbitals
Conc. vs Time Graph for Second Order Reaction
What is the heat of dissolution of sodium acetate trihydate?
Purifying washing soda
Slater determinant as an unperturbed atomic wave function
Why is distillation not a viable way to seperate ammonia from water?
Salicylic acid - polarity and solubility
Is carbohydrate alcohol inebriant?
Empirical formula when given percentages?
do candles burn wood varnish fumes?
Why is ethyne and not ethene used for welding?
Does the added component (intended to disturb equilibrium) always ends up being more than the original amount, in the new equilibrium?
Mechanism of dehydrogenation with Nosylate
Purifying an organic liquid
Why is this atom sp&#178; hybridised?
Why does the melting point get lower going down the Alkali Metal Group with increase in atomic number?
Conditions for spontaneity
Partial pressures
How to name this cyclic compound with an O
How can I know the colour change of this reaction?
What is the multiplicity of this signal in the &#185;H NMR of glutamine in D₂O
Ksp of Manganese Phosphate
How many electrons are transferred in this redox reaction?
Why is there a charge on COOH⁻&#185;?
Relative racemisation in SN1 reaction?
What Could Formations of Linkage Isomers of [Co(NH₃)NO₂]&#178;⁺ be like?
Air recycling system(CO₂--&gt;O₂) or (CO₂--&gt;fuel)?
How many protons are required to satisfy hydroxyamine&#39;s (NH₂OH) lust for protons?
Why are the halogens good disinfectants?
Does the bond dissociation energy of a C-H bond be affected by the increasing halogenation in methane?
Why is ionic strength (mu) calculated differently for these 2 examples?
Pathway from Sucrose to Cholesterol
condensation of tellurium on inside of ampoule?
Why do strong acids have weak conjugate bases?
What is the unit of molar conductivity?
Microorganism preventative solution safe for using on a roof and will last in the sun
is there any difference between glycerin and glycerol?
Washing a solvent?
HOMO and LUMOs of Carbon based Compounds
Do liquid O₂ and N₂ form ideal solutions?
The reaction of Nitrogen trichloride explosion is 2NCl₃(l) -&gt; N₂(g) +3Cl₂(g); which of the graphs represents this reaction?
Standard enthalpy of formation (KNO₃)
Where does this equation for the activity in the gas phase equilibrium between N₂, H₂ and NH₃ come from?
When does a solute form ions?
Henderson Hasselbach Equation
Ideal gasses reaction under const temp and pressure
Why doesn&#39;t the double bond get preference for suffix in IUPAC naming of an Hydrocarbon when both double bond and triple bond are present together?
Electrophilic substitution of pyrrole (regioselectivity)
Which is more: dissociated ions in water or undissociated?
Dissociation of water into H+ and OH-: Does the law of mass action hold at nanoscale?
Why isn&#39;t this a compound?
Amplitudes and phases of transform of an image
calculate the final concentration of this equation
Effect of tear gas and laughing gas together
How many Ga atoms are connected to one As atom in solid state Gallium arsenide
Oxidation and reduction
What is the meaning of brackets in a condensed molecular formula?
What is the IUPAC nomenclature of alkane with higher C atoms (more than 200)?
Converting mm Hg to mm H2O
Product of pyridine with acetic anhydride and acetic acid.
Conversion of standard InChI to InChI with fixed-hydrogen-layer
Nuclear fusion reactions violate law of conservation of mass, but it has not yet been taken into account. Why?
What is &quot;mer&quot;, the first ingredient in a type nail polish?
Molar mass of a mixture of two solids
Will trenbolone acetate in the presence of methanol yield trenbolone acetate if distilled water is subsequently added thereafter?
What is the meaning of the &quot;dot&quot; notation in chemical formulas?
How to report pH values?
HCl and KMnO₄ reaction
Finding Kp at another temp with /\Hrxn
What stopper will stop HCl fumes?
How to increase equilibrium of Cl₂
why does FeCl₃ have such a specific smell?
(NH₄)₂ SO₄ (aq) + ZnCl₂ (aq) ---&gt; Using Solubility Guidelines to Predict Precipitation Reactions
Cathodic protection of tubes in Shell &amp; Tube Heat Exchanger
What happens when KCl, K₂Cr₂O₇, and concentrated H₂SO₄ reacts?
Why does N₂ react with O₂ to Form NO at high temperatures?
Equation for salt formation for Ammonium Oxalate?
How to calculate pH of a solution with two dominant equilibria?
What is the molecular geometry of NHF₂?
Boron-Boron bonds
Equivalence ratio explained
How can I avoid crystallisation of sugars in vinegar at low temperatures?
How to calculate the potential via Hess&#39;s law? Is my textbook wrong about this?
How to calculate the sulfanediide concentration at equilibrium in a saturated hydrogendisulfide solution at pH 6?
How to calculate equilibrium partial pressures of hydrogen, nitrogen, water and and the equilibrium constant?
How to prove that entropy is a state function?
How to use molality and molarity to determine the molar mass of a compound?
How to calculate the concentration of NO at equilibrium?
Martensitic transformation in ceramics
Aluminum deoxidation gas
How to calculate the Gibbs free energy from the equilibrium constant for the decomposition of sodium bicarbonate?
Why does Nitrogen form N₂ (and not N₄) while but Phosphorus forms P₄ (and not P₂)?
Concentration Inquiry
Molecular Assembly Program
Why is inner orbital complex more stable than outer orbital complex?
Applying Raoult&#39;s Law to a condensed gas mixture
Volatile nature due to Hydrogen bonding
Could PNP (Silicon) transistor be toxic when exposed to air\light?
Pre heat coal before burning
Resonance effect
How does the reaction Mg + O₂ → MgO occur?
What defines the specific enthalpy of atomization?
Chemical reaction calculator
Electron Configuration of an element with no. of electrons &gt; 18
Why did the solution turn green?
Oxidation number of nitrogen in KCN
Why do single elements in a molecule have an oxidation state of zero?
How do I balance this combustion reaction?
Is there a positive radical Aurous, Au (x+)?
chemical formula of ethanol and other carbon compounds
How is the yellow colour of nitric acid removed?
Tests on sodium peroxoborate
Why is ethanoic acid more acidic than phenol?
Why is the specific heat of water high?
Concept of moles
Werner&#39;s theory and complex salts
How to I identify the diene and dienophile through retrosynthesis of a given compound?
How to predict a COSY NMR spectra for an AMX spin system?
How to calculate the amount of chlorine emitted yearly by a leak in the air conditioning system?
How to calculate the heat capacity of a calorimeter based on a neutralisation reaction?
How to find the sequence of a nonapeptide based on separation experiments?
Salt formation for Iron(III) Sulfate
Why are all the phenyl protons in benzyl alcohol equivalent in the &#185;H-NMR spectrum?
What causes photovoltaic (solar) cells to degrade?
How do you calculate a unit cell&#39;s dimensions from an XRD spectra?
What is the difference between K and Kp in the equilibrium equation?
How to calculate the probability of finding an electron in a box between 0.25L and 0.75L?
Why do the trends in reactivity not apply for francium?
How fast do electrons move around the nucleus?
How do I purify the resulting compound after a nitro- to amine-group reduction?
Does hydrogen really have seven isotopes?
Why fluorine doesn&#39;t act as the central atom in inter-halogen compounds?
How to I extract cyanide from apple seeds?
Is it possible to make metal fulminates?
Why do the two methylene protons in ethylbenzene have a chemical shift at 2-2.9?
Negative ions and health: pseudo science or something more?
Salt analysis: Position of lead ion
Is the atom the smallest particle, which takes part in chemical reactions?
How to Determine the Rate Law knowing time and concentrations
Which factor should I take into priority to determine reactivity of of Halides?
How would you go about synthesising amino sugars from sugars?
How does the litmus pH indicator work?
What is the process for purifying KOH?
Hund&#39;s rule &amp; different H₂ molecules
Why would the loss of H₂ to space mean that the Earth&#39;s geochemistry would be based on acid/base reactions?
Is it possible to prevent methane combining with oxygen?
How does Palladium dissociate H₂ so easily?
Is formaldehyde a carbohydrate?
Chemical diagram for cummingtonite?
Can there be active THC be trapped in the evaporator?
What is the chemical composition of biofuels?
What allows all 3 states of H₂O to be present at the same time?
What is the problem in predicting the structure of XeF₆ with VSEPR?
Can someone induce cancer in another person
What causes the smell in rotten meat-grease and how can I get rid of it thoroughly?
What is the difference between the titration of a strong acid with a strong base and that of the titration of a weak acid with a strong base?
How much glucose must be dissolved to produce a solution of a given concentration?
How will citric acid be deprotonated by pyridine?
What is the chemical composition of the grignard reagent?
Which is more stable ? - A carbanion on a vinylic position or a carbanion on a benzylic position
How do I determine if a process is reversible without numeric information?
How is a free radical on allylic position more stable than at Benzylic position?
How to calculate the pH of a citric acid solution after adding magnesium oxide?
Grignards reducing carbonyls
How can inconsistencies in these sodium chloride solutions be explained?
Is delta H a state function?
Solid and Liquid Equilibrium
Boiling aluminum in high-alkalinity water
Fitting titration curve
In sp&#178; hybrid orbital, why does the p orbitals only have 3 sides instead of 4?
Treatment of copper (0) with sodium hydroxide
Writing Chemical equation given molarity
Oxidization of Copper In Electrolysis
Synthesis of nitrocellulose
Order of electrophilic substitution
Forms of carbon in incomplete combustion
Molecular orbitals of heteronuclear diatomic molecules
Why does 9-fluorenone dissolve in hexane?
Are ther known compounds of Argon? What is their molecular geometry and hybridisation?
Does increasing concentration of copper sulphate decrease or increase its conductivity?
How to calculate the oxidation state and the number of equivalents oxidized with YBa₂Cu₃O₇
How to calculate the theoretical yield of a Diels-Alder reaction?
Except pure alloys, are there any compounds with more metal elements proportion of atoms than nonmetal elements in proportion of atoms?
Why do NMR coupling constants change with temperature?
Safe yet strong exothermic reaction?
Why is enthalpy of atomization of Mn exceptionally low?
How do transmembrane protein alpha helixes bind to the membrane?
Why does the passivation layer in DRIE protect just the mask and not the substrate?
What is the effect on humans of using dry ice and liquid nitrogen as food additives?
Why are isomers difficult to separate?
Which C-C bond would break first, the one in ethane, or 2,2-dimethylpropane?
Shape of C₂H₂ molecule
Electron dot structure of an alkyne
What does it mean when &quot;a gas is dilute in CO₂&quot;?
How do amines react with flue gases to absorb CO₂?
Why is it called &quot;carbonation&quot;?
Maintaining a 40% CO₂ aqueous environment?
Does &quot;covalent&quot; AgCl (aq) exist and if so, how to quantify its concentration?
How do I know that an acid and conjugate base are present in equimolar amounts?
How to use salt spray data in real environments?
Why lanthanides and actinides are shown separate from standard periodic table layout?
What is the ratio of oxygen to magnesium oxide, by mass?
Weighted Drilling Fluid Comparison with CaCl₂
Stability of di-substituted alkenes
What is the actual reason behind PCl₅ existing as an ionic solid?
Time required for a thin layer of ethanol to evaporate?
Are all strong bases alkalis?
Eco Friendly Cleaning Solution
Any popular experiment in chemistry that digital signal processing played a crucial role in?
What is this brown liquid that I got when I boiled glycerol and water solution?
Whose concentration is more 1 molar or 1 molal?
What happens when you react pure metals with solutions of salts?
Could someone explain the phenomenon of Dynamic heat capacity and fictive temperature for thermoplastics?
What&#39;s the reason for the static cling of alkaline earth metal pieces?
How does NMO reform Osmium tetroxide after reaction with an alkene?
Adding acid to hydrates
What Role Does HOOH Have In Copper (II) Acetate Formation?
Energy-efficiency aside, what are the chemical constraints on CO₂ capture and methanation?
Can recent developments improve the total synthesis of B-12?
Order of Dipole Moments
Lewis structures of H₂(C)xCH₂ molecules
Verification of Lewis structure
Why do H₂ and O₂ create H₂O?
Why doesn&#39;t water play a role in reactions in aqueous reactions?
Why must an oxidizer not touch rubber?
Thermochromic pigment that changes at around 50&#160;&#176;C / 120&#160;&#176;F?
Post-Hartree Fock Methods
MO diagram of N2(2-)
How to Run GAMESS and Avogadro on Command Line?
Storing large quantities of KOH
Oxidation of acetophenone to benzoic acid
Vacuum good inside a box?
Why does the sodium acetate solution crystallize by touching?
Calculating charge of amino acids (am I doing it right?)
Can water electrolysis detect the water impurities?
Where did all the elements come from?
How to get a solution
Why do other sugars melt whereas sucrose decomposes?
Is carbon tetrachloride an electrolyte?
What is the energy package released to the outside world?
Why is methane&#39;s molecular formula conventionally &quot;CH₄&quot;, while water is &quot;H₂O&quot; (among others)?
Byproducts of HMTD reaction
Does ozone (O₃) gas have a color?
Does borax do anything more for &quot;boosting&quot; detergent than adding active oxygen would?
Cyanogenic glycosides and HCN
Why is a sodium metabisulfite-starch-HCl solution unstable?
Do hydrogen halides (HX) form strong or weak acids?
How is the electron &quot;trapped in the crystal&quot; in irradiated NaCl?
Permanent Balloon?
How do things heat one another?
Basicity of Group 15 hydrides
Relative percentage of isotopes
Diels-Alder rate of reaction
Is s-p mixing referring to hybridization or is it the mixing of one atoms s orbital with the other&#39;s p orbital?
Which has higher priority (Cahn-Ingold-Prelog)?
Why isn&#39;t water an ionic compound?
Can artificial sea water be prepared by mixing sea salt with water?
What happens to the NADH produced by lactate oxidation?
which method can be applied to separate ferrofluid liquid from oil?
Which is more basic: aniline or pyridine?
Gibbs Free Energy
Why isn&#39;t this molecule aromatic?
Not your ordinary hard water deposit
Why doesn&#39;t calcium carbonate dissolve in water even though it is an ionic compound?
Can all water soluble ionic compounds conduct electricity?
How do you explain the thread sticking to an ice-cube when salt is sprinkled over it?
What is the difference between IPA and Ethanol in terms of solubility?
HOMO/LUMO and charge distribution
Which formula is correct for calculating the heat of dissolution?
How can enthalpy of a system be negative while entropy is positive?
Why is the volume in this compress gas cylinder constant throughout?
Is Acrylamide carcinogenic? Why?
Crystal meth in Breaking Bad
Reaction balance
Aromatic ring substitution: how are MNT and DNT further nitrated if nitro groups deactivate benzene rings?
Why is fluoroantimonic acid so strong?
Entropy change of system in adiabatic irreversible process
Producing low Density Gas in Room Temp
Do Na or Li need heat in order to react with Cl₂?
Ozonolysis of nitronate
Why is magnesium hydroxide not hygroscopic?
Alkali metal enolates
How to calculate to actual calcium content in a pudding mix
In molecular orbital theory, why does s-p mixing in the dinitrogen molecule not effect the 1σᵤ orbital?
What is the name of this organic molecule?
Is the Nernst equation related to ohmic drop?
What is the meaning of &quot;no Hessian Eigenvalue &quot;?
How can I calculate molality from molarity?
How to calculate the equilibrium concentration from initial concentrations of the substrates?
Splitting across a double bond in &#185;H NMR
How to represent a 3D model of cocaine?
Can I make a buffer from two different weak acids or bases?
How do I synthesize 3-phenyl oxirane-2-carbaldehyde from chloroacetonitrile?
Determination of a chemical compound in a non-homogeneous sample
Salts that are more hydrophilic than NaCl
How is titanium metal obtained from natural resources?
Which pH indicator will give a dramatic color change with small changes in the amount of carbon dioxide dissolved in water?
Why do people assume 28 oxygens in chlorite mineral formula?
How can pKas differ across similar protons of the same atom?
No chlorate esters? Why?
Why is SN2 favored greatly over SN2&#39;
How are pressure vessels heated?
Are there ways to fully dissociate a complex salt?
How can 30 ml of water be heated in less than 10 seconds?
Enthalpy(H) formula: what is the pressure volume product
Maltose Nomenclature
Which conformer of Beta D-glucose is more stable
How to convert glucose to fructose
In water, will sucrose be hydrolysed by water to form glucose and fructose molecules?
Intramolecular hydrazide condensation
What makes banana bonds possible in diborane?
Separating ions in an aqueous solution
Creation and Combustion of Nitrocellulose
The meaning of different parts in the naming of glucose
How to get the valencies of elements?
Is it possible to combust a plasma?
Pressure over a solution
Why do electrons not get paired up in [Fe(H2O)5NO]2+?
What is the geometrical structure of OF₂?
Why do elements in columns 6 and 11 assume &#39;abnormal&#39; electron configurations?
Are there any magnetic particles that are safe to inhale?
How can Nernst equation apply in this redox reaction?
Why are oxime geometrical isomers stable?
What is the temperature of heat generated from LPG gas?
Why does the electron configuration for some elements not follow the diagonal rule?
&quot;Editing&quot; atom nucleus
Is there any abbreviation for hydrates?
Why is ozone an electrophile in the ozonolysis reaction?
Confused on normallity
How is streaming potential measured?
How does VSEPR theory explain the formation of different bond angles in PCl₅?
Why is Ag+ a soft acid?
pKa vs range in choice of an indicator
Is water a better nucleophile than bromide?
How is the rate of a reaction defined?
Acid chlorides and reduction by hydrogenation
Trihalide of Nitrogen
45.9 gram sample of borane (a compound containing only boron and hydrogen) and is 85.63% boron. What&#39;s the mass of hydrogen in this sample?
Crystal Lattice Defects
Balancing Ionic and Net Ionic equations
Is glycerol/glycerin soluble in ethanol?
Reaction between lead dioxide and nitric acid
Why does the definition of ionisation energy only include gaseous atoms?
Solubility of Noble Gases
Does NaOH react with K to form NaOK or KOH?
What is the complete mechanism of reaction for Sodium Benzoate and Ascorbic acid?
the oxidation number of N in this equation?
Can a reaction with positive Gibbs free energy change ever occur?
Difference between any arene and an aromatic compound?
Hofmann Bromamide Degradation
How to measure the enthalpy change of hydration?
Actinoids vs Lanthanids?
Calculating vinegar strength
Finding Frequency Factor when raising temperature
What does delta letter mean in some ceramics chemical material formula?
Why don&#39;t water molecules react alongside aqueous reactions?
Can Liquid CO₂ dissolve plastic
Ionic equation for reaction of potassium permanganate with potassium iodide?
Calculating moles of Hydrogen gas in multiple gas container
Why does brown sugar have a strong smell but white sugar doesn&#39;t?
Can powdered beta-tin be made from raising the temperature of alpha-tin?
Is it possible to separate out (MgxCu1-x)2(CO3)(OH)2 into simply (MgxCu1-x)(CO3)?
How to take water-dispersed PEDOT:PSS and disperse it in an organic solvent?
Does the normality of single and double displacement reactions match these numbers?
Why do no known atoms have electrons in the g or h subshells?
How to draw Lewis dot structures?
Acetone and Sodium Hydroxide
Why does Mg2+ have the ionic radii bigger than Ca2+
Why is zinc more reactive than copper?
Solve this mole fraction calculation with incomplete information
Cannizaro Reaction, Hydride Shift Reason?
Chemiluminescence - Determining Temperature from Luminol Imaging
What are disadvantages of having an impurity?
Preparation of oxalic acid from acetylene
Why don&#39;t we use an alkyl halide directly in Gabriel Phthalimide Synthesis?
Can a negative pH exist?
Which orbitals of the hydrogen atom are degenerate for n=3?
Choice of doping elements in semiconductors
How to RAISE the melting point of water?
What are the products of a bromination reaction?
Why is the para carbon in Benzaldehyde NMR more deshielded than the ortho and meta carbons?
Does the boiling boint of miscible liquids follow a linear relationship?
What causes the really bad smell of rotten potatoes?
Is it possible for this Iron-Carbon Compound to exist?
What property of zinc chromate makes it a good anticorrosion paint
Green Potassium Manganate and Sodium Hydroxide Equation
Can we use peaks in any chromatogram to identify a compound
How to rationalise the difference in halogen bonding?
What is the mechanism by which sugars glycate proteins?
What is lewis structure for CO
Does a change in partial pressure for a gas-solid reaction, changes the equilibrium?
Does fluorescein decompose from long term exposure to light?
How do I solve for titration of this?
How do we know whether we will get a mono substituted or tri-substituted product during electrophilic aromatic substitution?
Soy milk + coffee -&gt;?
Biochem Book age and suggestions
What is lewis structure for HClO
Carbonate + acid reactions - How to recognize these type of reactions?
Is it actually possible to dispose of a body with hydrofluoric acid?
Iodate ion and Octet rule
n=c/v - how can this be?
Does symmetry lower the energy of molecules?
Build the geometric structure of SnBr2
Selective etchant for Al2O3 (Does not etch Al, Cu, Zn, Sn)
How has Iodine gained electrons?
If Alkynes can be reduced to Alkenes using Sodium in liquid ammonia, why can&#39;t Alkenes be reduced to Alkanes?
How to buy 1g of enzyme that is sold in units/mg?
Fluorine reacts with Ammonia
Why doesn&#39;t the atomic number change by two in the process of production of Americium?
Kinetics vs Thermodynamics
What makes elements radioactive?
Why are enantiomeric excess % and specific rotation considered?
Dissolving/denaturing bitterant residue
Why do molecules have to have a change in dipole moment in order for them to be IR active?
What is the process of turning ionic silver solution into colloidal silver solution?
What is natural bond orbital theory used for?
Reduction of amides
How do I utilize Henry&#39;s Law Constant in this Question?
How to quantify amount of pigments in plant leaves?
How can I draw 2,3 diethyl heptane
What is the oxidation state of all the atoms in this compound, W(CH3CN)3(CO)3?
A solution contains 750 g of ethanol and 85.0 g of glucose (180 gmol−1). The volume of the solution is 810.0 mL
Lewis structures of Chemistry
What Can Dissolve Polypyrrole?
Open data in chemistry?
Methylene blue used as funguscide in cichlid reproduction - concentration measurement?
Why does decreasing the pressure of the system increase the relative volatility of a binary solution?
Atomic mass ratios - Is the problem providing enough info?
About purifying ethanol - What type of ethanol?
How to convert sodium aluminate back to sodium hydroxide?
Why does 1 cubic meter = 1000000 cubic centimeters?
Why is Charcoal such an excellent adsorbent?
Why is acetone and diethyl ether miscible, but not water and diethyl ether?
Why is chloridric acid used in salt bridges?
Dialkylation reactions
Fenton&#39;s reagent application to leachate
How to rationalise the protonation state of amino acids
Does chemistry need machine learning?
Interpreting X-ray diffraction data
Clarification for metallic bond
Chromatography in Geology
Can we force a reversible reaction in equilibrium to become a &quot;complete&quot; one? If so, will the equilibrium constant change?
Grignard formation and vicinal dihalides
Is it possible to derive integrated rate law algebraically?
Why is the hydride ion negative?
In monomolecular how can reactant experience collision?
What kind of interacion is there between a nanoparticle and its functionalizing coating?
Chemical bonding and hybridization of organic compounds
What is the density of compressed natural gas used for natural gas vehicles
pH Curves for Titrations
How to know it when I see a covalent network?
Chemical potential of mixtures
Wavelength of iPhone 4S camera light for visible spectroscopy calibration
Entropy - Negligible?
Rate constant and Michaelis Menten
Lifetime measurement: double peak in instrument response function
Why does Ammonium sulfate cause proteins to precipitate?
Ion-selective electrodes
How to get a &quot;rechargable&quot; chemical reaction for a glow stick
Why is it that weak bases usually contain a Nitrogen?
What is buffer capacity and how can a buffer &quot;run out&quot;?
How does an ice bath change the rate of an reaction?
What is hard and soft water and how does the process of dissolution work?
Helium gas expand isobaric isothermal
What&#39;s the pH of Vinegar when it generally contains 5% Acetic acid?
Clarifications about acid-base theory
Is there a method for finding the net-ionic equation?
Determine which is more electronegative based on ionization energy
Why does Phosphorus trifluoride molecule have dipole moment?
What happens to energy changes in non-reversible processes?
Why is the second reaction being neglected?
Volume Of A Nitric Oxide Molecule
Is there a difference between Joule coefficient and Joule-Thomson coefficient?
CaCl2 + H2O change in specific gravity of products - Why?
What is &#39;Retention period&#39; in chromatography and what is its importance?
Electronegativity Considerations in Assigning Oxidation States
Memorizing the periodic table
Why don&#39;t ions have one equilibrium potential? (Nernst equation)
Competing resonance and inductive effects in a substituted benzene
Which chemical reactions occur between my tongue and the food I eat?
Specific heat question?
Do molecules with axial chirality have &quot;stereogenic units&quot;?
Mimic a volcano eruption with household chemicals?
How many stereogenic centres are there in discodermolide?
Reaction between elements in a periodic table
MO scheme for coordination complexes (tetrahedral) - Heteroligand vs. homoligand
Reference request- List of common Coordination Complexes?
Are Na and Cl ions from NaCl in water separate charged particles?
Thionyl Chloride and enols, carboxylic acids, alcohols
Why is copper (II) coordination number so big?
What type(s) of gloves are effective against DCM and acetone?
What is the dipole moment direction of an aliphatic amine, i.e., R-NH2?
On the stability of deuterium
Gas-Phase Functionalization of Carbon Nanotubes
Why does the potential difference of a current drop, when silver nitrate is added to deionised water?
Hardy Schulze law
Rate of Reaction Graph - Gas Produced
Buffer solution equation
Hydrolysing large molecules to reveal amino acids
n-factor for ammonium nitrite?
Oxide surfaces develop a charge in H2O. Do we have any, even vague, handle on how long does an indivdual charge last on avg. before being neutralised?
Are All Solutions of Weak Acid/Bases Buffers?
What is Chevron with Techron fuel?
Equivalent points for 3 fold and 6 fold symmetry
What are examples of group 14 elements forming dπ - pπ bonding?
Calibration Curve Error Propagation
Why does (atmospheric) pressure have an effect on solubility?
Can an emulsion be emulsified?
good book advice
Best consumption-safe liquid for caffeine solubility?
Do buffers only work for species of the opposite variety? (I.e. weak acids buffer strong bases and vice versa)
Hooke&#39;s Law for absorption spectra
How do I synthesize 3-hydroxydihydrofuran-2-one from formaldehyde?
What is Barrier-less reaction in Quantum Chemistry?
Can you find the mass of solvent with mass of solute, volume of solution, and solution density?
Redox reaction with tin and sulfuric acid solution
Are there economical ways of synthesizing nanotubes?
Is carbon dioxide IR inactive?
Why does menthol (e.g. peppermint) feel cool to the tongue?
What&#39;s the difference between a nucleophile and a base?
How to produce black smoke using chemical reaction
Density of water and temperature
How can I Create an explosive with everyday used chemicals?
What energy would be needed to remove the electron from the n = 4 level of the hydrogen atom?
What does Gibbs free energy exactly mean?
P-phenylenediamine Production Process
Is it possible to chemically treat grass to make it digestible?
Carbon and dilute sulphuric acid
Why is FORTRAN so commonly used in computational chemistry?
What is a triglyceride?
Finding ppm getting too big of numbers
How strong is 2,4,6-trinitrobenzenesulfonic acid?
What safety measures should I take when operating a backyard aluminum furnace
Can alloys or ceramics have higher density than elemental solids?
Ratios of produced gases in water electrolysis
LiAlH4 / H2O reaction energy
Why Ca 2+ and not Ca +2
Why does potassium form peroxides but sodium does not?
Comparing the nature of ionic compounds
Single line equilibria notation
What type of organic compounds are used in OLED technology?
Why is oxygenated water not H2O2?
Would C bond with H or D?
Nascent Chlorine reactivity
How do I excel in Chemistry?
Is it possible to identify the source of a protein hydrolysate
Why and when is lysine charged
Free automatic organic synthesis Linux command line program
Comparing the strength of metallic bonds
Ion concentration in acid and base
Mass of &quot;orange&quot; in 25% orange juice
How to know when electrons will be added onto Lewis Structure from surrounding atoms to become ion?
How does the production of pure, crystalline silicon via the Czochralsky or Siemens process?
Why does SnCl2 occur despite the octet rule?
How do I obtain PDF/ICDD/JCPDS?
To what extent can hydride shift go?
Why are potentials of cells with magnesium electrode always lower than expected?
Adding lemon to lentils changes color from black to pink, why?
Why calcium chloride is used to melt ice over sodium chloride
Hydrogen can be stored?
What is the convention of numbering carbon atoms in organic molecules?
Is there a clear distinction between the various intra- and intermolecular interactions?
What material is synthesized in the rubber egg demo?
Can a multi-species system oscillate around equilibrium?
Different reactions of clean and rusty iron nails in vinegar (acetic acid)
Why is electronegativity increasing with oxidation state increase?
Limiting Reagent Stoichiometry
Why is NH2 negatively charged?
How to remove epoxy on clothes?
Is a triplet state or singlet state more stable?
Is it possible to extract magnesium from epsom salt
Why is the pure tungsten (W) melting point higher than that of its oxides (either WO3 or WO2)?
What&#39;s the type of bonding in La@C60?
Where to find pre-optimized files for Quantum Chemistry Softwares?
Why reduced atoms are more energetic?
Why 6.023x10^23 is not written as 6023x10^20?
Intrinsic Reaction Coordinate calculation-- both sides of TS lead to same minimum
How Hyperconjugation bring directive influence to alkyl group?
Best ways to start a thermite reaction?
How are atoms manipulated?
Non-Newtonian substance - Tahini
Removing trace amounts of water from agricultural grade anhydrous ammonia
Does hyperconjugation and induction always have the same effect?
Periodic table for printing
What are Solvolytic displacement reactions?
Is Pauling electronegativity well-defined?
Why isn&#39;t hybridization done in America?
Why does the opening of an epoxide occur via an Sn2 like mechanism when using a methanoate ion as a nucleophile and methanol as a solvent?
Hydrolysis - How do I know which atoms react?
The relationship between energy and air pressure?
Chirality on Propranolol
Use of osmosis to measure molecular weight of macromolecules
Mass conversion
Spin spin coupling in a proton NMR of an ester?
Actinides and Lanthanides group
Equilibrium Concentrations of Products/Reactants
Standard curve of absorption and concentration
Redox Half Reaction - Reduction
Concentration of hydrochloric acid for electrolysis?
Undergrad Kinetic Molecular Theory
Why are sp hybridized carbocations high energy?
HO vs OH Atomic Structure
In ionic solids such as NaCl, do the cations fill interstital holes in the cation&#39;s cubic close pack structure?
the particle in 1-D box momentum and total energy(P.E + K.E (x))
Why do certain groups withdraw/ donate electron to double bond or conjugated system in resonance effect?
Gibbs free energy or reaction enthalphy
Formula of entropy change
pKa of Cacodylic acid?
What are the possible concentration pathways for a 3-species system?
Why is there a need for resonance?
Validity of Trouton&#39;s Rule
The Workings of Pulse-Height Discrimination
Reaction Kinetics and Stoichiometry -- Mass conservation
Which solvent is good for using SU-8 particle in Optical tweezers?
How to partially hydrolyze triglycerides?
Aluminium in Active Carbon Water Filters
Why do some salt ions in solution conduct electricity better than others?
Friedel-Crafts synthesis - How is HCl produced?
Which chemicals upregulate Atoh1?
NO linear vs bent - valence electron
Thermodynamic dependency of the rate of reaction
Equilibrium constant and reaction Quotient
Can magnetic fields affect a chemical reaction?
Why is beryllium transparent to x-rays?
Why is the inductive effect of σ-electrons only along saturated carbon chains?
reference states for activities
Should the relatively low solubility of a base be considered in the calculation of the pH?
Does the &quot;Bat Gen&quot; claim to produce more energy that it uses?
What&#39;s the difference between perfect and ideal gas?
Predicting rate equations from data
food chemistry maltodextrin vs organic maltodextrin
On the molecular level, how do catalysts work?
What ratio of bicarb to vinegar do I need in order for the result to be ph neutral?
The anode and cathode when corrosion happens
Does the speed of an ion affect the current that can flow through a solution?
arrange these compounds: CO2, CH3OH, RbF , CH3Br in order of increasing boiling points
How to purify water with activated carbon?
Can anyone explain the reaction mechanisms involved in the following organic chemical reactions?
What causes hydrogen abstraction in the radical chain mechanism?
Which base is stronger methylamine or propylamine?
Why does ionization violate the stable or lowest energy rule in atoms?
How do you Calculate the Work Function for the Ejection of an Electron
How quickly does ethanol evaporate?
Second order reaction half life equation?
Why is aluminium carbide bent?
Acetylation reaction
Which of the following molecules is more stable?
How does K2Cr2O7 become Cr2O7 2-
Formation of sulfur colloids
What is the reason for anomalous expansion of water?
Is there an example of an opaque solution which can be made transparent by adding another solute, such that no chemical reaction occurs?
Solubility of a Molecule in Different Solutions
Is the term carboreduction interchangeable with carbothermic reduction
Replacement For RF sputtering
Friedel-Crafts Alkylation and hybridization
How to make sense of the &#39;Relaxation Method&#39; for measuring reaction kinetics?
The sponge isn&#39;t foaming up, why?
Why is pyridine used when making tosyl esters from alcohols?
How pigments actually function as colorants?
Resonance structure of cyclobutadiene?
Why can&#39;t bicyclic structures undergo E2 elimination?
Structures present in liquid water
What is the Ka of OH- and Kb of H3O+?
What are the physical properties affected in ZnO when there is a sulfur impurity?
What type of intermolecular forces will dominate Diethyl ether?
What is hydrogen-rich water?
Non-wetting fluids for precise volume measurements
What tools can be used to estimate binding energies?
White of an egg
Are there yellow metals besides gold and copper?
Strong and Weak Acids/Bases
Proton NMR signals and rings
How could click reaction take place at low concentration?
A question about transition metal ions
What&#39;s the name of the problem of finding equilibrium concentrations?
proton NMR deshielding
Concentration uncertainty
How to cheaply extract iodine from an alcoholic solution?
What is the Rate of Reaction of Acetaldehyde Dehydrogenase from Saccharomyces Cerevisiae?
Why do internal combustion engines only burn to carbon monoxide, not dioxide?
Would solar panels produce energy if uniform temperature in the universe?
Reaction Mechanism Of a 3 Step Reaction
How to create artificial pumice rasp/file?
Nomenclature of inorganic compounds
What are the biochemical ramifications of ingesting of distilled water?
What is the relationship between the molecular weight of a polymer and that of polystyrene?
Why does lithium move on the surface of water during the reaction?
what&#39;s the oxidation state of Nitrogen in nitrate ion? And it&#39;s structure?
Are matrices a good way to do stoichiometry?
What material is an Inkjet transparent printing film (slide) made of?
What&#39;s wool made of?
How do I make a paper white again?
Is a hydrogen bond considered to be a van der Waals force?
How to choose a colorant for a given substrate?
What are the products of the reaction of 1-methoxycyclohexene with dilute hydrochloric acid?
Organizing my &quot;chemical&quot; cabinet
Why and how does lycopene absorbance increase with heating?
What is Nano Zinc Oxide?
Will isopropyl alcohol dissolve the coating/paint of a notebook?
Preparing CdSe electrodeposition bath
Effect of radioactivity on bonding
Magnetic stirrer with hot plate
What is the geometric formula of CaI2 and AlCl3
Reversible thermodynamic machine
Is there anything akin to molecular chirality for crystalline?
What is a neutral atom?
Are there any good examples of commonly ingested molecules that contain particular toxic individual elements?
What is relationship between molecular weight distribution of PE and its strength?
Why don&#39;t sponges foam up an hour later?
Elastic scattering of x rays in 3D: the principle for XRD analysis
Why do Electrons leave the Zinc in a Galvanic Cell
Does mercury fulminate really look like crystal methamphetamine?
Calculating boiling point of a solution
Dehydration of methylcyclobutanol
Is probability of finding electron changing here?
Balloon from float to sink?
What is a strong base?
UV curable adhesive
Titration of bases against HCl
What are the effects of adding water to a system at equilibrium?
Quotable Literature for the Enthalpy of a Proton
extracting carbon nanotubes from graphite
Why should the product of the normality of the acid or base and its volume be constant?
How to find the molar mass of an unknown metal carbonate through a gas evolution reaction?
How to calculate the concentration of all relevant species in a buffer of a given pH?
Finding Root-Mean-Square of Ne using kinetic energy?
ATP break down and energy release?
Temperature of an atom
How are nuclei stable?
Why are ionic compounds bad conductors of electricity in solid state?
Is Saliva an acid or base?
Finding specific activity of an enzyme from Km values for a reversible enzyme reaction
Why is the pKa (COOH) of alanine and glycine similar but the pKa (NH_3) different?
Saytzev and Hofmann elimination in E1
What type of reagent can convert nitrobenzene to N-phenylhydroxylamine?
Why neutrons are neutral?
Maximum Pressure of Covalently Bonded Material
Why is predicting products of chemical reactions difficult?
During the development of aspartame, why was the methyl ester chosen?
Calculating the pressure of an ideal gas that undergoes isothermal expansion
Which Chemical Database Software Are Available?
What is the total concentration (in mol dm-3) of ions in each of the following solutions, assuming complete dissociation
Can we do combustion caused by limited supply of air in a lab? How?
Hydrazine as a reduction agent
CO poisoning - What I&#39;ve been taught is a hoax?
R,S Configuration
Is it possible to separate aluminum hydroxide?
Find amount of Acid and Base required to make buffer
Making three membered ring using different reactants
What does the prefix &quot;dihydro&quot; in the systematic name of luminol refer to?
Why does a container in which a match burning cause suction?
Why is the +3 oxidation state of Cerium more stable than +4?
Electron affinity
Synthesis of 2-Phenyl-2-Butanol from Grignard Reagent
Which Basis Set is suitable For Mercury-complex in DFT calculations?
How to find the alcohol content of a probiotic liquid?
What has stronger antioxidant potential: BHT or BHA?
Relationship between surface area of electrode and reaction rate of hydrogen in fuel cells
Why must the leaving group in E1cb be poor?
How might you use a precipitation reaction to prepare a solution of CaCO3?
Why are triamino compounds so rare?
Why are atom spherical in shape ?
What makes E1 more favourable than SN1?
Is tetraammine dichloro cobalt (III) an optically active compound?
Analytical Chemistry predicting the order of elution of compounds in a reverse phase HPLC
Can N-Zorbit absorb wine and then dried while keeping the same alcohol level?
What is actually a redox reaction?
Reagent Concentration
Ortho-effect in substituted aromatic acids and bases
Iodine ion vs caesium ion size
What determines humidity limit / dew point of the air? - Why can air only hold a certain amount of water?
How does propylene glycol/glycerin form formaldehyde/acetaldehyde when vaporized with a vaporizer?
how to determine range potential of Pb in cyclic voltammetry?
Potassium thiocyanate and iron(II) acetate
Hydrogen cyanide - a Lewis acid?
Prevent crystal growth by adding a chemical to a solution?
How does HF Dissolve glass
Polyprotic bases and acids
Could I get a hint on the structure of this molecule based on HNMR spectra?
How to construct NMR spectra from chemical shift tensors?
What is an example of a very low temperature endothermic reaction?
The Verb for Polymorphism
Totally confused about the location of &quot;s,p,d,f&quot; Orbitals inside the atom
How is &quot;F2/sig(F2)&quot; the data quality in SXRD?
Reviving a 6 Volt lead-sulfuric acid battery
Do chemicals undergo granular convection?
Elemental Potassium as both an oxidizer and a reducer
How paper-tag survive in the dry-cleaning process?
Electronegativity and HCl and HF molecules
IUPAC naming - choosing the main branch doubts
Why is methanol toxic?
Elimination in dibromocinnamic acid
Are all strong acids the same strength?
Dissociation of different compounds?
Electrode for methanol
How to simulate chemical reactions in GAMESS?
Why water boils vegetables but not oil?
What kind of fire extinguisher for chemistry at home?
Methanol skin exposure serious or not?
Electrical conductivity of graphite
Are there different types of melamine resin?
Gibbs Free Energy : What is it trying to say actually?
How to calculate the molecular weight for a volatile substance introduced into a Dumas bulb?
If dS ≥ dq/T for a spontaneous change is dS ≤ dq/T for a non-spontaneous change and is that even possible?
Why would 1kW power supplies fail around Nitric acid (HNO3) gas?
What is the smell of &#39;burning&#39; metal?
How to determine the empirical formula for terephthalic acid from its combustion products?
What is going on when pen stops working on a section of paper?
Cohesive forces in solid solutions
Why can&#39;t alcohols turn blue litmus red?
How are pencil marks &quot;adhered&quot; to the paper?
Electron Pair Geometry in Ibuprofen (Electron Pair Geometry in Organic Compounds)
Order of molecular mass of solvent; given boiling point
alpha-hydrogen atom and keto-enol tautomerism
Material that doesn&#39;t melt at 800 deg F, but can be dissolved?
Alcohol spectrophotometry
Is toothpaste solid or liquid?
Is there a pressure dependent function for freezing points of water and carbon dioxide?
What is known about liquid carbon?
What&#39;s the difference between alpha-glucose and beta-glucose?
Is there any relationship between ultrasonication and temperature
Which is the parent chain in Neopentyl chloride? and why?
What is the reason behind the numbering of nitrogen bases?
Is Benzene Carbaldehyde a correct name?
IUPAC name for a compound
Why does one bicyclic diastereomer react faster than the other one?
Why can syn-periplanar E2 elimination happen in molecules like vinyl bromides but seemingly not in other molecules?
Alcoholic proof and temperature
How does an atom get rid of electrons?
Why doesn&#39;t HCl form when you dissolve NaCl in water?
What does it mean if a functional group has &quot;higher priority&quot; in terms of IUPAC naming of organic compounds?
Synthesis of 4-iodonitrobenzene
the strongest intermolecular forces between hydrogen bromide and potassium permanganate?
Dynamic equilibrium - effect of adding inert gas
What is the reason behind choosing the specific elements used for the synthesis of heavier elements?
How many delocalised electrons in gold?
Why does symmetry have to be maintained in molecular orbitals?
When will the mass of the reactant increase while being heated up?
Dependence of steric hinderance on enol content
How to interpret the instruction of the dilution of hydrogen peroxide?
Stability of cyclobutyl methyl carbocation
How is the Rate Law of a reaction measured?
Why is it obligatory to cool down the container of a sample to measure its mass in a lab?
Stability of Sulfides - backbonding?
solvent interaction with thermal paper
Gaussian and Surface Reactions - Doable?
How to activate charcoal
Why does water change phase so easily?
X[Y|Z] formulas
Thermogravimetric Analysis of hydrated compounds
I need a good reference (book) to learn about Diffuse reflectance Spectroscopy, could you suggest at least one, preferably in pdf format?
So of the different characteristics of a XRD plot, wich is most appropiate to identify and suggested one phase among others?
What does it mean in a Ni(II)complex if the HNMR spectrum appears unbroadened and unshifted &amp; what does this tell you about the coordination geometry?
What is this compound that was made?
Do the compounds NaₓIrO₂ and NaOsO₂ exist?
Iodometric titration of copper - standard electrode potentials
Why does coordinate covalent bond form?
Is it possible to calculate atomic radius with electron configuration?
How can I increase the signal intensity and precision?
Questions on reactions during salt analysis
Inorganic chemistry reaction mechanisms
Good choice for heat-conductive coil submerged in sea water
Sacrificial Anodes and Pit Corrosion
Would nicotine @ 27g per 1.5ml be lethal?
Bonds within complex anions
How To Get A Double Displacement Reaction Going
acyclically stereocontrolled reaction: organolithium and 2-chiral compound
How to find the possible valence states of elements in the lower end of the d block and the f block?
Why does superglue ignite cotton?
How to test oxalic acid in potatoes
How do epoxys cross-link?
Is it still possible for an amateur, a hobbyist, or a science buff to make relevant discoveries in chemistry today?
How can the chlorophyll concentration of plants be measured?
Required HLB on the Griffin Scale
Why does heptane have an odour
Choosing a balance for home chemistry
I have 100mg of a proteinase K lyophilized powder and I need to make it to a working concentration of 25mg/mL
Organic chemistry - alkanes step up reaction
What is the bond angle of water?
Inductive effect of isotopes of H
How to determine number of alpha hydrogens in a cyclic compound?
What chemical substance is obtained by dissolving C60 in olive oil?
How could the pH of this solution rise instead of fall when exposed to the atmosphere?
Does potassium nitrate + sugar solution degrade?
What is the effect of Oxygen on soap foam?
Would there be a difference if deuterium is embedded instead of protium (regular hydrogen) in acids?
Soil organic carbon digestion methods - safety
Heat given off from an electrochemical cell compared to mixing reactants
Is it true that under certain conditions, Mg can reduce SiO2?
Although thermodynamically feasible, in practice, magnesium metal is not used for the reduction of alumina in the metallurgy of auminium. Why?
Is there a specific term for reactions of the form A + B → C + D?
Why does reduced mass help when talking about two body problems?
Woodward Hoffmann rules for electrocyclic reactions
Can we make a rusting battery
Collection of gas over water
Why are there multiple lines in hydrogen line spectrum
How is it possible to account for the fact that NH3 is a weak base in water but a strong base in HCl?
Is there a name for the opposite reaction to the dissolution?
What is the difference between polyethene and polyethane?
Is table salt sticking to my laptop?
Why is O2 enough to form a mole of Oxygen?
Impurity of a salt in this reaction
Is atmospheric pressure acting only on the contents or also on the container?
What causes the colour when conducting flame tests on solid salts?
How can I dispose of chlorine and sodium hydroxide as table salt and water?
Sn2: Neopentyl halides and Methyl Halides. Are neopentyl halides completely inert? Even to small Nucleophiles?
TPE fabric vs PVC fabrics?
How to calculate the vapor pressure of water?
Gibbs energy and Entropy
How do I figure out the hybridization of a particular atom in a molecule?
Why are PTFE and FEP named &quot;ethylene&quot; when they don&#39;t have double bonds?
Prepare 1 liter of 28% NH3(aq) solution from 1 gal of %10 NH3(aq)
How is bonding in the trihydrogen cation and triatomic hydrogen possible?
How does heat and/or boiling remove vitamin C?
Homemade filter paper
For a system to undergo a spontaneous change at constant temperature and pressure the Gibbs free energy must decrease, but how?
Is an SN1 reaction an elementary reaction/one step reaction?
What compound can give off heat when it comes in contact with ice?
Why are d-orbitals required/used for hypervalent molecules (where the central atom has expanded its octet)
What&#39;s sulphur&#39;s state of aggregation in petroleum?
How is the process of creating PVC fabrics harmful for the environment?
London dispersion forces and distance relationship
What does CH4 form when dissolved in aqeous solution?
How do I know with which oxidation numbers I can form a certain kind of compound?
Why does a liquids height in a Barometer depend linearly on pressure?
Why might my limelight experiment have failed and how can I improve it?
What gas arises from the reaction between 2-methyl-2-bromopropane and hydroxide (Sn1-reaction)?
Why is the rate of disappearance negative?
Is there an isotope effect for diffusion of an ion through a crystal lattice?
How is tea affecting water&#39;s color?
Differences between H-H-O and H-O-H
Volume of 1 Mole of Liquid Water
Can a network covalent solid be amorphous?
Why is it not possible to determine the rate constant this way?
Unusual color from leaking battery. What happened?
Is oil shinier than water? Why?
What&#39;s the reason for discrepancy between DFT calculated image and NC-AFM-acquired one in this article?
In order to be a gas does the pressure exerted by the gas has to be more than the atmospheric pressure?
How does photosynthesis work?
How was the diatomic nature of many common gaseous elements originally determined?
How Does The Mordant, Ferric Acetate, Interact With Tannins When Ebonizing Wood?
electron affinity and electron gain enthalpy
It is said that atoms cannot be created. If so, then how did atoms get created after the Big Bang?
Bicycle tube inflation with 16g CO2 cartridge
Largest First Ionization Energy?
Will the water at the bottom of the tube boil at the same temperature as the water at the top of the tube?
Why does the freezing point of a sample gas occur at a certain temperature?
Why does Cobalt have different coordination numbers in its complexes with water and thiocyanate?
How to calculate a reaction&#39;s DeltaH using a MM forcefield calculator software?
How do the strong acids dissociate?
The combining of Carbon Dioxide and Hydrogen
How does this method of calculating the water equivalent of a calorimeter work?
What is the &#39;ancestral term&#39; in the LS coupling scheme?
Electrolysis used to cause a Chemical Reaction?
Why is ionization potential considered a periodic property?
Which is more ferromagnetic: grey iron or mild steel?
What is the freezing point of sulfuric battery acid?
Rock Salt structure
What is the OH in alcohol?
Acetylene and the Tollen&#39;s test
What is the net ionic equation?
How to dissolve candle wax (parafin)?
why do we consider CuO as a base?
Why was atomic mass scale changed from Oxygen - 16 to Carbon - 12?
Why does the Born equation give the Gibbs free energy of solvation rather than enthalpy of solvation?
Experiments in chemistry involving use of stereo microscope?
Whats the difference between entropy and the (dis)order of a system?
In the elementary steps of a reaction, why do we assume that the coefficients of a reactant corresponds to its order?
Drying Clothes Outside Below Freezing
Which one of the compounds listed would we use in order to get the highest concentration of sulphate ion in a saturated solution?
Why pyridine is a monodentate ligand while pyrrole is a tridentat ligand?
What is the relation between different chemical compositions ratio?
How could you dissolve a coating of CaCO3(s) from a metal plate?
Are the values for enthalpy, internal energy and Gibbs free energy the same for a particular process?
What will eventually happen to uncovered vegetable (seed) oil exposed to the air?
How does oobleck work?
Significant Figures: To expand or not to expand?
Beta Decay - Doesn&#39;t Add Up
Can anyone explain the reaction mechanisms of these synthesis?
Is there a reaction happening between Coconut Oil &amp; Hydrogen Peroxide?
Is it possible to make broad spectrum light absorbing paint?
Can we really see the bonds?
Doubt in the rate determining step of Canizzaro&#39;s reaction
Chemical or Physical? I Think Physical
Half reaction method justification
What is this equation for?
Benzotriazole to o-phenylenediamine
Are there any negatively charged electrophiles, or simply neutral and positive?
Best x-ray doppant?
What is the Chemistry behind &quot;good&quot; and &quot;bad&quot; cholesterol &amp; their relation to Cis/Trans fatty acids?
Why Aromatic? Why not Circular?
Luminescent materials under IR radiation?
Can there be more solvent in a solute?
why do 2 atomic orbitals form 2 molecular orbitals?
List in order of increasing polarity?
Which is the correct name for this organic compound?
If the standard state symbol means that the substance is pure (and at 1 bar) how is it possible to have a standard REACTION enthalpy?
Gibbs free energy can be expressed as a function of P,T and n but are enthalpy and internal energy also (partially) functions of n?
How does the chemical potential allow for open systems to be considered?
Factors of London Forces
Catenane optical activity
Why should the redox reaction happen between the copper ions and iron atoms?
Can state of matter from liquid to gas maintain the same molecular structure in PE or in polymers in general, like water does?
Enantiomerism and Diasteriomerism
Comparing adamantane carbon types for accepting OH using MM ForceField
SI Units for Isothermal Incompressibility and Specific heat capacity at constant volume
What kind of compound absorption the 365nm UV light on TLC
s-s, s-p, p-p, and hybrid bonds
Is it possible to have Volume(solution) &lt; Volume(solvent) + Volume(solute)?
Will heating alumina (Al2O3) to its melting point yield pure Al?
What are the bond angles in cyclohexane?
Practical safety of storing potassium
Can a single monomer be a macromolecule? If so, when?
Is there any graph that depicts the deviation of real gases from Charle&#39;s law?
Halogenation of an alpha-halogen ketone in acidic conditions
Is the reaction exothermic or endothermic?
Chemical Composition Changes in Liquids
Obtaining chemical graph complexity index from SMILES or InChl
How to tell if a molecule will participate in hydrogen bonding with water?
Why does ice cream make soda fizz?
Wade&#39;s rules for Zintl ions
Gas Stoichiometry &amp; Ideal Gas Law
Thermochemistry problems?
Regioselectivity of alpha halogenation of ketones
Why do screening effect decreases due to d-orbital?
Does the hydrogen taken in an E1 reaction have to be antiperiplanar?
Why is Gibbs free energy more useful than internal energy?
How does absence of nd orbital in Oxygen affect its valency?
Bond order for carbonate ion for resonance
Why is the halogenation of an alcohol a multistep process?
Equation for the reaction of iodide to iodine using hydrogen peroxide under acidic conditions?
How can I interpret the colour of flames in terms of spectral series?
How to demonstrate the safety of wearing leather shoes in the chemistry lab?
How can I determine the chemical composition of local rocks and minerals?
Can I use one alkaline battery to recharge another?
Why use a heating block?
How to accurately calculate the electromotive force for various conditions in a salt water battery?
How do I convert benzoic acid to m-nitrobenzyl alcohol using 2 steps?
Should the volume of a solute be factored into the volume of a solvent when preparing a substance of a certain molarity?
Are there any major exceptions when comparing electron affinity?
how to use di-tert-butyl dicarbonate (diBOc) as a solvent?
Do molecules with carboxyl groups have properties of carboxyl&#39;s sub-functional-groups?
Homemade Rocket Fuel and Engine
Spectrochemical Series - Sigma Donor Capability
Reducing NOx with Ammonia. Practical in a gasifier?
Why is dG=dH-TdS?
Why do simple molecular substances have weak intermolecular forces and why do giant covalent substances have strong intermolecular forces?
If hydrogen bonding in water was weaker, what happens to H+ ion concentration?
Thermodynamic micellization of potassium N-dodecanoyl-DL-serinate via conductivitiy measurements
Is there an authoritative list of chemical reactions/transformations?
How to determine the molar enthalpy of hydration of sodium sulfate in the laboratory?
What is the proper name for the but-1-ene&#39;s isomer methylpropene?
What causes electrons to move from zinc to copper?
What concentration of sulfur hexafluoride is safe to inhale
Are these reaction equations for the formation of the brown ring complex correct?
Are all amino acids except glycine chiral compounds?
Deviation from Raoult&#39;s law because of adhesive and cohesive forces
Why is the units of kcat 1/s?
Can a change in internal energy always be expressed as the product of the constant volume heat capacity and the change in temperature?
Separating gold and silver from gold foil using hydrochloric acid and hydrogen peroxide
Why does capillary action occur better in narrow tubes than in wide tubes?
Expressions for constant volume and constant pressure heat capacities
Why is it possible, that an equilibrium shifts?
How to selectively convert benzene to p-nitrotoluene?
Sulfuric acid electrolysis
Why does graphite conduct electricity?
What is the difference between graphite oxide and graphene oxide?
What do graphene &quot;armchair(5,5)&quot; and &quot;zigzag(5,0)&quot; refer to?
How many allotropes does carbon have and how are they different?
How do I convert zwitterions to neutral form in Avogadro?
How to find and use the Clausius-Clapeyron equation
What does oxidizing strength mean?
What causes the lowering of vapour pressure in volatile/nonvolatile solvent mixtures?
What is the difference between &quot;reaction pathway&quot; and &quot;reaction mechanism&quot;?
Does the water in hydrates affect final concentration?
What properties of an element determines the maximum number of bonds it can make?
Entanglement of large molecules
Can you have addition polymerisation with monomers other than alkenes?
What substance in a gummy bear reacts with heated Potassium Chlorate to create an explosion?
Does Iron (III) Sulfate react with copper?
Ultraviolet acid base indicator
How to calculate the undissociated concentration level of acetic acid with given ph level and pka value?
Lewis Acid Catalysts
Draw the four isomers of C2H2Cl2Br2
How much oxygen is necessary for the combustion of ethane?
Why is iron in the brown ring compound in a +1 oxidation state?
Why do molecular orbitals in solids merge to bands?
What is the effect of adding salt to ice?
NMR and pseudorotation
Glucose Reactions
Cis-Trans Isomerism
Difference between polypeptides and polyamides
A different structure of Ozone?
How does the Inductive effect, explain the reactivity of alcohols with halogen acids?
Naming rules and acidity of Cl2CHCH2COOH
Is 1000ml of &#39;hot-ice&#39; solution dangerous?
Why do heavier elements have smaller specific heat values.
Why two ( or more) gases have proportional volumes at constant pressure and temp.? (Avogadro&#39;s Law)
Whats the difference between graphite,nanotubes,and fullerenes?
Quick-and-Dirty Molecular Dynamics by Mass-Weighted Atom Translations?
Reuse 20 litre plastic drums for drinking water?
How does Resonance stabilize a molecule?
Why do nitro groups confer explosive tendencies?
Resonance in Propenal
Why do middle school and high school chemistry classes teach students that electrons are little balls?
Electron Density of C1 and C2 in 1-phenylpropene
Can an atom have more than 8 valence electrons? If not, why is 8 the limit?
Why does precipitate always form so naturally?
Mucilage bonding with paper
Caffeine boiling and melting points
what would happen if you got a full package of wet silica gel on your hand after it tore open?
Stereogenic C and enantiomers
How do I find the oxidation number of a coordination complex
Why is activation enthalpy found and not just rate of reaction?
Acid dissociation constant and equilibrium constant
Inductive effect in Organic Chemistry
Animate molecular vibrations as multiple xyz coordinate files
Do Palladium(II) Chloride and Palladium (III) Chloride follow 18-Electron rule or octet rule? How to determine this?
Is cyclohexol the same as cyclohexanol?
How exactly is ammonium sulfate formed?
Whats the H-C-H bond angle in ethene?
How are turbostratic graphite phases formed?
Is the valency of carbon satisfied in graphite?
Is graphene chemically reactive?
How are reactivity and dipole moment related?
How to know if something will be a good oxidizing/ reducing agent? (Besides the activity of the metal)
How is it possible to obtain a value of 8/3 as an oxidation state?
In a mass spectrum, how can the sum of relative abundances be greater than 100?
Why does carbocation stability increase in the order 1&#176;, 2&#176;, 3&#176;?
What reactions can take place for the reactants $\ce{Ag/Ca^2+}$ and $\ce{Mg/Cu^2+}$?
What is it with resonance structures?
Oxidation of ketones
Why is sand, sand; and why is glass, glass; While both mainly contain Silicon Dioxide?
Combustion of paraffin
Antacid tablet is acid?
What does C-OXT stand for in PDB files?
What is a covalent semiconductor?
Why are the rare earths erbium (Er), terbium (Tb), yttrium (Y) and ytterbium (Yb) named like that?
First ionization energy of hydrogen molecule
Why do some substances ionize instead of dissolving in water?
Edges of graphite
Why is an electropositive metal like Zinc capable of plating out?
Nuclear power: what material is the control rod made from?
Is it possible to produce graphene out of air?
Why is Graphene So Strong?
Which enthalpy changes map to the alternative reaction routes under Hess&#39; law?
Will happen or not?
Oxidation of methane
Molecular structure of all periodic table element molecules exceptional cases etc
Is Carbon Dioxide Organic or Inorganic?
7,7-dichlorobicyclo[4.1.0]heptane NMR solving
Current in Battery
How effective is a level A hazmat suit for immersion in deadly substances?
Fireplace window: Can one influence how fast soot is building up?
Is it possible for Hydrogen to lose its electron?
Why do acids usually completely react with bases?
Electroplating to create a scratch-free surface?
Can I change viscosity of an HDPE polymer?
Equilibrium Constant of a Salt knowing the solubility
Is this the correct equation for the mean free path?
Unexpected reaction during acid hydrolysis of cellulose
Histidine-Phosphate in Succinyl CoA synthetase and phosphoglycerate mutase enzyme
Carbonation process - Equation in Mathlab
Comparing Basic strengths of different species
Hydrogen electrode
How to decide acidic or basic nature of oxides
Why does the ionic product of water remain constant after addition of non-neutral solute?
Does the density of a liquid and gas phase of a substance(nitrogen or water) converge when reaching critical point
Why inert pair effect is seen in P- block elements only
Is it likely that increased understanding of quantum physics will change our understanding of chemistry?
Utility of Bent&#39;s Rule - What can Bent&#39;s rule explain that other qualitative considerations cannot?
What can HI + red phosphorus reduce?
How to know whether s-p mixing will happen in heteronuclear molecules?
The use of ice water in an experiment
What is the mechanism for the creation of P(CH2OH)4+ cation?
Experiment to prove that water has air
Why is a trialkylamine a better leaving group, in nucleophilic reactions, than a Cl group?
Why &quot;bromine&quot; as opposed to &quot;bromine water&quot; as a reagent to produce 1,2-dibromopropane?
Why is dU an exact differential and dq an inexact differential?
Two 2&quot; solid steel bearings for stress relief hand-rolling. Safe? What&#39;s that smell? How to thoroughly clean?
Order of nomenclature precedence among these functional groups
What happens when an explosion can&#39;t lead to volume increase of the thermodynamic system?
How to solve an Arrhenius equation problem?
Why are there no cheap diamond equivalents?
How does a carbocation have a positive charge?
How does UV affect skin colors in dark-skinned people?
Unitary Transformation of the HF equations
Elimination of bromide and acetate under reducing conditions
Does vinegar neutralize the strongly basic compounds in cement?
Why the second ionization energy of helium is greater than the first?
Current In A Circuit
Procedures in Experimental chemistry
Where does the energy of formation of covalent bonds come from?
Is there a way to remove salt from Crude Oil without using the &quot;desalting system&quot;?
Alternative PCB etching solutions - Is KMnO4 or NaCLO suitable oxidizer?
Does hydrogen bonding strength correspond to Bronsted basicity in a given medium?
How is N to C ratio measured in forming austenitic stainless steel?
Why is hydrogen bonding more significant than any other interaction between dipoles?
Simple metal-base and heating reactions
Can fully-hydrogenated oils be mixed with unsaturated oils for use in food (margarines, etc)?
Validity of Henry&#39;s Law for an Oxygen/Bitumen System?
Clean silver with aluminum foil and *
Voltage across friend&#39;s lemon battery is opposite of expectation?
Clean tin with aluminium
Dimers of different compounds
How to calculate the molar mass of a protein from its osmotic pressure?
Using MO theory, give an explanation for the C-C bond length in cyanogen
Why cyclopropylmethyl carbocation is more stable Benzyl carbocation?
Draw a simplified MO diagram for the pi system of Methyl vinyl ether
Why do esters actually smell?
How to find the volume of oxygen release by the decomposition if potassium chlorate?
Does the protective layer of Aluminum oxide form on the surface of aluminium alloys (such as Al-Zr) as well?
Do water hybrid cars really exist?
Why six C atoms are usually seen in cyclic compounds?
Heat of combustion for Octane
Chromic acid oxidation of aldehydes and primary alcohols
If something contains large amounts of cyclopentane and cyclohexane, what is it called?
Why is nitration of veratrole specific in these positions?
What is the driving force for the growth of uniform size participates in a matrix?
Is At a non metal or a metalloid?
Why does meltwater taste different?
What software can calculate aqueous solution equilibria?
Why is gold golden?
Can an atom have more than 8 valence electrons? If not, why is 8 the limit?
Why can we smell copper?
How is Teflon adhered to frying pans?
Is toothpaste solid or liquid?
Why is the 2s orbital lower in energy than the 2p orbital when the electrons in 2s are usually farther from the nucleus?
Do all salts taste salty?
How does chloroform degrade nitrile gloves?
Is it actually possible to dispose of a body with hydrofluoric acid?
Does water really &#39;go bad&#39; after a couple of days?
Is a negative pH level physically possible?
How do you melt metals with super high melting points?
Striking examples where Kohn-Sham orbitals clearly have no physical meaning
Is there a general consensus on the causes of the alpha-effect?
What makes some metals melt at higher temperature?
Why do any impurities lower the melting point of an isolated substance?
Bonding in C₂, a carbon-carbon quadruple bond?
Why does menthol (e.g. peppermint) feel cool to the tongue?
How can one explain Niobium’s weird electronic configuration?
How does Palladium dissociate H₂ so easily?
Why does pasta really boil over?
Carbon atoms at the edge of a diamond
Why is arsenous acid denoted H₃AsO₃?
What is antisymmetric exchange? What is J-strain? Where does it come from?
Flammability (NFPA) - how is it defined?
Why do atoms generally become smaller as one moves left to right across a period?
Why are there no cheap diamond equivalents?
Why are smoke odors persistent in fabrics?
Is Carbon Dioxide Organic or Inorganic?
Why does nitration yield a meta product in this reaction?
Pauli exclusion principle and resonance
What software is used to generate the PDB molecule of the month images?
How does Walter White make pure crystal meth using a non-stereospecific reaction?
Why do elements in columns 6 and 11 assume &#39;abnormal&#39; electron configurations?
Why do we write NH₃?
Are there any general rules for choosing solvents for recrystallization?
Is activated carbon classified as organic or inorganic?
Splitting of multiplets in &#185;H NMR spectra?
What makes banana bonds possible in diborane?
Why is methane&#39;s molecular formula conventionally &quot;CH₄&quot;, while water is &quot;H₂O&quot; (among others)?
Why shouldn&#39;t Uranium come in contact with water?
How can antibonding orbitals be more antibonding than bonding orbitals are bonding?
Oil breaks down condoms?
How Quantum Software Packages Work?
Hypothetical: What happens to water as pressure increases to infinity?
What software can calculate aqueous solution equilibria?
What&#39;s a minimal yet chemically-meaningful kinetic system for an oscillating reaction?
Side reactions of NHS Chemistry
Differences between phenols and alcohols
Why is the recipe of Coca Cola still a secret?
Why are the rare earths erbium (Er), terbium (Tb), yttrium (Y) and ytterbium (Yb) named like that?
Proper typography of &quot;NOx&quot;
Why is snow white?
Why are there two Hydrogen atoms on some periodic tables?
Why is distillation not a viable way to seperate ammonia from water?
Why do different substances have different boiling points?
Pros and cons of Cartesian vs. Z-matrix representations of molecules?
Why does Sulphur, but not Oxygen, catenate?
How does oobleck work?
How does adding lemon juice to sugar make better caramel?
Electrical conductivity of graphite
Regioselectivity of acid-catalyzed ring-opening of epoxides
Unit of the equilibrium constant: contradiction of Bridgman&#39;s theorem?
Why do we use helium in balloons?
Why is methanol toxic?
Gibbs free energy-minimum or zero?
Are there any ionic amorphous solids?
What can I do if I don&#39;t get a phase separation between my organic and water phases?
How may copper acetate ligands be manipulated to change colors?
Symmetry lost in orbitals?
What makes diazo compounds so unstable and explosive?
Why does ice cream make soda fizz?
Why do the names of most chemical elements end with -um or -ium?
Xenon and the human body
When is it true that more nodes equals higher energy?
Can a multi-species system oscillate around equilibrium?
How to solidify sand
Which is the strongest acid?
What is the difference between &quot;reaction in both directions&quot; and &quot;equilibrium&quot;?
Why formulate drugs as HCl salts when HCl is in stomach acid?
Why is it that every snowflake is unique?
Why does brown sugar have a strong smell but white sugar doesn&#39;t?
Salts that are more hydrophilic than NaCl
Silver, its bactericidal features and water
During the development of aspartame, why was the methyl ester chosen?
How large is the energy difference between keto- and enol-form of guanine and uracil?
Why are arenes with conjoined benzene rings drawn as they are?
What are known examples of drugs that racemize/stereoconvert in vivo, and how are they converted?
How is Vanadium&#39;s 3+ ion paramagnetic?
How do you separate enantiomers?
What makes an epoxide stable?
What is natural bond orbital theory used for?
Why are the majority of cleaning solutions basic?
What does this notation mean?
How can I update a map/mesh and coordinates in a PyMol session file?
Choosing the right condenser
67 failures at extracting acetaminophen from Excedrin(R)
How to convert Carbon dioxide into Carbon and Oxygen?
What is the chemistry behind this &quot;petrol from air&quot; technology?
Why are some salt solutions coloured?
Why is gold golden?
Can an atom have more than 8 valence electrons? If not, why is 8 the limit?
Why can we smell copper?
How is Teflon adhered to frying pans?
Is toothpaste solid or liquid?
Why is the 2s orbital lower in energy than the 2p orbital when the electrons in 2s are usually farther from the nucleus?
Do all salts taste salty?
How does chloroform degrade nitrile gloves?
Is it actually possible to dispose of a body with hydrofluoric acid?
Does water really &#39;go bad&#39; after a couple of days?
Is a negative pH level physically possible?
How do you melt metals with super high melting points?
Striking examples where Kohn-Sham orbitals clearly have no physical meaning
Is there a general consensus on the causes of the alpha-effect?
What makes some metals melt at higher temperature?
Why do any impurities lower the melting point of an isolated substance?
Bonding in C₂, a carbon-carbon quadruple bond?
Why does menthol (e.g. peppermint) feel cool to the tongue?
How can one explain Niobium’s weird electronic configuration?
How does Palladium dissociate H₂ so easily?
Why does pasta really boil over?
Carbon atoms at the edge of a diamond
Why is arsenous acid denoted H₃AsO₃?
What is antisymmetric exchange? What is J-strain? Where does it come from?
Flammability (NFPA) - how is it defined?
Why do atoms generally become smaller as one moves left to right across a period?
Why are there no cheap diamond equivalents?
Why are smoke odors persistent in fabrics?
Is Carbon Dioxide Organic or Inorganic?
Why does nitration yield a meta product in this reaction?
Pauli exclusion principle and resonance
What software is used to generate the PDB molecule of the month images?
How does Walter White make pure crystal meth using a non-stereospecific reaction?
Why do elements in columns 6 and 11 assume &#39;abnormal&#39; electron configurations?
Why do we write NH₃?
Are there any general rules for choosing solvents for recrystallization?
Is activated carbon classified as organic or inorganic?
Splitting of multiplets in &#185;H NMR spectra?
What makes banana bonds possible in diborane?
Why is methane&#39;s molecular formula conventionally &quot;CH₄&quot;, while water is &quot;H₂O&quot; (among others)?
Why shouldn&#39;t Uranium come in contact with water?
How can antibonding orbitals be more antibonding than bonding orbitals are bonding?
Oil breaks down condoms?
How Quantum Software Packages Work?
Hypothetical: What happens to water as pressure increases to infinity?
What software can calculate aqueous solution equilibria?
What&#39;s a minimal yet chemically-meaningful kinetic system for an oscillating reaction?
Side reactions of NHS Chemistry
Differences between phenols and alcohols
Why is the recipe of Coca Cola still a secret?
Why are the rare earths erbium (Er), terbium (Tb), yttrium (Y) and ytterbium (Yb) named like that?
Proper typography of &quot;NOx&quot;
Why is snow white?
Why are there two Hydrogen atoms on some periodic tables?
Why is distillation not a viable way to seperate ammonia from water?
Why do different substances have different boiling points?
Pros and cons of Cartesian vs. Z-matrix representations of molecules?
Why does Sulphur, but not Oxygen, catenate?
How does oobleck work?
How does adding lemon juice to sugar make better caramel?
Electrical conductivity of graphite
Regioselectivity of acid-catalyzed ring-opening of epoxides
Unit of the equilibrium constant: contradiction of Bridgman&#39;s theorem?
Why do we use helium in balloons?
Why is methanol toxic?
Gibbs free energy-minimum or zero?
Are there any ionic amorphous solids?
What can I do if I don&#39;t get a phase separation between my organic and water phases?
How may copper acetate ligands be manipulated to change colors?
Symmetry lost in orbitals?
What makes diazo compounds so unstable and explosive?
Why does ice cream make soda fizz?
Why do the names of most chemical elements end with -um or -ium?
Xenon and the human body
When is it true that more nodes equals higher energy?
Can a multi-species system oscillate around equilibrium?
How to solidify sand
Which is the strongest acid?
What is the difference between &quot;reaction in both directions&quot; and &quot;equilibrium&quot;?
Why formulate drugs as HCl salts when HCl is in stomach acid?
Why is it that every snowflake is unique?
Why does brown sugar have a strong smell but white sugar doesn&#39;t?
Salts that are more hydrophilic than NaCl
Silver, its bactericidal features and water
During the development of aspartame, why was the methyl ester chosen?
How large is the energy difference between keto- and enol-form of guanine and uracil?
Why are arenes with conjoined benzene rings drawn as they are?
What are known examples of drugs that racemize/stereoconvert in vivo, and how are they converted?
How is Vanadium&#39;s 3+ ion paramagnetic?
How do you separate enantiomers?
What makes an epoxide stable?
What is natural bond orbital theory used for?
Why are the majority of cleaning solutions basic?
What does this notation mean?
How can I update a map/mesh and coordinates in a PyMol session file?
Choosing the right condenser
67 failures at extracting acetaminophen from Excedrin(R)
How to convert Carbon dioxide into Carbon and Oxygen?
What is the chemistry behind this &quot;petrol from air&quot; technology?
Why are some salt solutions coloured?
Is there any substance that&#39;s a 4-4-4 on the NFPA diamond?
Is it possible to work out the colour of *any* molecule?
Why does water dissociate to H3O+ and OH- rather than H+ and OH-?
What is Inert Pair effect?
How can I clean my lab coat?
How many molecules does it take to have a phase?
Is it still possible for an amateur, a hobbyist, or a science buff to make relevant discoveries in chemistry today?
Why is FORTRAN so commonly used in computational chemistry?
Conductivity as a function of acid concentration
Precedence of 1,2 carbocation rearrangement
Do terminal amides participate in $\pi$ stacking?
Michael reaction or nucleophilic attack at the alpha carbon of an alpha-beta-unsaturated ketone?
Mechanism for oxidation of arenes via permanganate
What benefits do higher-rated NMR tubes provide?
Zero order reactions
Not your ordinary hard water deposit
Why is iron in the brown ring compound in a +1 oxidation state?
Stiffness of chewing gum
By what reaction does (–)-sparteine decompose in ambient conditions?
How come trigonal S and P compounds do not undergo inversion at room temperature?
What material are heat bags made of?
What is Cβ (C-beta) deviation?
Silver and milk (or milk products)
Rock that transfers image
What open-source software can produce 3D PDF representation of molecules?
Chemical compounds responsible for the colors in flowers?
Choice of doping elements in semiconductors
How should I go about picking a functional for DFT calculations?
Liquid which neither dissolves in water nor oil
Any false chemical element in history of chemistry?
Fundamental forces behind covalent bonding
Will gaseous ionic compounds be free moving ions?
What is the IUPAC nomenclature of alkane with higher C atoms (more than 200)?
What exactly is happening when sodium, potassium, or other alkali metal explodes in water?
Are there notable organic compunds which look very similar but have very different properties?
What are the g-block&#39;s predicted properties?
How do the molecules know the future? How do they proceed to form &quot;Most Stable&quot; compound?
Are chiral quasicrystals possible?
How do I figure out the hybridization of a particular atom in a molecule?
Difference between exothermic and exergonic
Why does ice water get colder when salt is added?
Why do salts dissolve? Why do NaCl crystals not stick together?
What is known about liquid carbon?
Do the names of some elements have anything to do with Planets?
Is the nomenclature &quot;primary&quot;, &quot;secondary&quot;, &quot;tertiary&quot;, and &quot;quaternary&quot; carbon atoms limited to $sp^3$ carbon atoms?
Ortho-effect in substituted aromatic acids and bases
the reason behind the steep rise in pH in the acid base titration curve
Why only two atoms share an electron and not three?
Is there an energy cost associated with flipping the spin of an electron?
What is the unit of pH?
The Acidity of Boric Acid
Why do SN1 and SN2 reaction not occur at sp2 centres?
Why is water &quot;the universal&quot; solvent?
Why is ethyne and not ethene used for welding?
Safety in handling of concentrated ammonium fluoride
Determining the pH of an organic solvent
What is the difference between physical and chemical bonds?
Non-integer hybridization
How can we synthesize para-nitrophenol
Why do thiols have such a propensity for bonding with mercury?
Definitions of autocatalysis
What do typical results from inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) look like, and how do I interpret them?
Resolution in Mass Spectrometry
Why is AgCl less soluble than AgNO₃?
What makes a radical &#39;free&#39;?
Is it possible that diamond can be grown from aqueous solutions?
Why does meltwater taste different?
What is a good method to measure the redox potential of a cellular system?
Energy-efficiency aside, what are the chemical constraints on CO₂ capture and methanation?
How were elements and molecular formul&#230; determined in the old days?
Is there a simple way to get the circular dichroism of a molecule from it&#39;s structure?
How do I type a simple chemical equation in Microsoft Word?
Why does radium have a higher first ionisation energy than barium?
Why do some solutions eventually stop boiling and start &quot;popping&quot; as they get more concentrated?
Can we process waste just by decomposing it to homogenous mass and extracting the elements from it?
Why do compounds like SF6 and SF4 exist but SH6 and SH4 don&#39;t?
Why is the Wittig reaction syn stereoselective?
What exactly is Hydrogen bonding (and why can&#39;t it exist with atoms other than Fluorine, Oxygen, Nitrogen)?
Open flame combustion in bizzaro world
Stoichiometric defects in ionic crystal?
Chemistry behind Gale&#39;s Coffee Maker in Breaking Bad
What are some good examples of rate equations for a math class?
Why does depurination happen at a higher pH (or under less harsh conditions) than depyrimidation?
Why is the definition of the mole as it is?
Why does bond angle decrease in the order H₂O, H₂S, H₂Se?
Why do many transparent plastics turn opaque when deformed?
Why are DCM and Chloroform so resistant against nucleophilic substitutions?
Can in any case the faster step of the reaction be rate determining?
Why is a temporary name given to an element with an atomic number above 100?
Dipole moment of cis-2-butene
When I dissolve sugar in my cup of tea/coffee, does it become a liquid or gas, or neither?
I&#39;m disagreeing with my chemistry teacher over this enthalpy of formation problem, so can someone tell me if I am right or why I am wrong?
Why would 1kW power supplies fail around Nitric acid (HNO3) gas?
How can 30 ml of water be heated in less than 10 seconds?
Is it possible to make a drug that liquefies heart plaque to treat heart disease?
Can metals have a net negative charge
How does NaCl maintain its crystalline structure?
Stability of organophosphorous vs organophosphates?
What is the mechanism of APTES mono-layer formation on glass substrates?
Color of chromate and permanganate
Can recent developments improve the total synthesis of B-12?
How do orbitals coexist with a nucleus?
Are there any major exceptions when comparing electron affinity?
Is aqueous medium necessary for complex formation? if so, why?
How is the electron &quot;trapped in the crystal&quot; in irradiated NaCl?
What is the meaning of the &#39;2&#39; on some Compressed Gas Hazard signs in the lab?
How do I determine the absolute configuration experimentally?
What factors are important for quantitative analysis of a proton 1D-NMR spectrum?
How are turbostratic graphite phases formed?
When simulating spectral line broadening, which convolution is preferred?
Why is slush hydrogen at the triple point?
Edges of graphite
What does &quot;reaction coordinate&quot; mean?
What are the border definitions in the Ramachandran plot?
Is enthalpy additive in mixing?
Why is 1-ethyl-3-methylimidazolium tetrafluoroborate (EMI-BF4) often considered a prototypical room temperature ionic liquid?
What is the difference between an HMQC and HSQC experiment?
Why are many drugs in the hydrochloride form?
How does Polytetrafluoroethylene (Teflon) differ from Polyvinylidene fluoride (PVDF) as a protein binding membrane material?
Can I test for lead with household chemicals?
Why do aromatic hydrogen atoms have a higher chemical shift value compared to aliphatic hydrogen atoms?
Chemical synthesis via 3D printing?
Why first water and then acid?
What are the alternatives to the Periodic Table of the Elements?
standard reference for thermodynamic properties?
Can molecules diffuse upstream when emptying a cup of tea?
Why is H₂O a dipole?
What are the chemical reactions behind fire?
Bond order for carbonate ion for resonance
Is there a simple field test for heavy water?
Why do oxidation numbers work?
Why are there quantised energy levels in the vibrational energy of a molecule?
Where can I find a downloadable spreadsheet of element properties?
What makes Coke acidic?
Understanding how mass spectroscopy works
Please explain why dioxygen difluoride is so dangerous
Why do transition elements make colored compounds?
Why is H₂O V shaped?
Why does chlorine have a higher electron affinity than fluorine?
What is hydrogen-rich water?
Electrophilic Aromatic Substitution: Are protonated OH-groups ortho-/para- or meta-directing?
maximum number of electrons each shell
Bond Length of CO+ is expected to be more than CO but it is found to be less. Why is this so?
Hyperlithiated Carbon Species
Why doesn&#39;t the boiling point of an aqueous solution depend on intermolecular attraction?
How to explain the concept of mol and reactions involving mol quantities
Can Entropy Increase During Bond Formation?
Is greater relative AA battery capacity at high currents indicative of greater capacity at low currents?
Why does salt dissolved in water taste like salt? If it&#39;s just Na+ and Cl- ions
CO2 removal from mushroom growing tent
If radium has such a long half-life, how can radon possibly be a threat to us?
Does hydrogen bonding strength correspond to Bronsted basicity in a given medium?
Why six C atoms are usually seen in cyclic compounds?
Why is dU an exact differential and dq an inexact differential?
Are there any good examples of commonly ingested molecules that contain particular toxic individual elements?
Does increasing concentration of copper sulphate decrease or increase its conductivity?
Why is beryllium transparent to x-rays?
Ashes to diamonds --- How?
Would it be possible to create a (non-toxic) alcoholic drink that, when zapped with laser, changes color?
DFT Functional Selection Criteria
Where do the bubbles in a glass of water come from?
Why is NaCl3 possible?
Do Faraday&#39;s gold colloidal solutions still exist?
How to find the second order perturbation to wave function?
How does the choice of metal (oxide) catalyst affect the range of unsaturated compounds that can be hydrogenated?
What&#39;s the chemical nature of a dishwasher&#39;s rinsing agent?
Why does the sulfone ring in tazobactam open when the lactam is hydrolyzed?
How does conductivity work for non-redoxed ions?
Is there a theory behind selecting elements that may be successful in potential superconductors?
What dictates the lifetime of a solvated electron in a given solvent?
Why does benzene bend in this reaction?
Why are equations of state for a non-ideal gas so elusive?
How are $\sigma$ and $\sigma^\pm$ determined in Hammett plots?
what kind of suspension liquid should be used with ferrofluid (so it does not stain the glass)
How are non-carbon stereogenic centers named (S/R)?
What are the mechanisms for capture of As(III) and As(V) by magnetite from water?
What is a rigorous definition of gas volume, and how is the Van der Waals equation derived?
Can a NOESY NMR experiment be halted partway through and give meaningful results?
What do the different grades of chemicals mean?
How to name this cyclic compound with an O
Why is mercury a &quot;fancy proton&quot;?
What is the effect on humans of using dry ice and liquid nitrogen as food additives?
Hierarchy of electronic wavefunctions
Does the chemical in an alkaline battery make battery leaks unavoidable?
What is the chemical structure of H₂SO₄?
Why are alcohols with longer chains less polar?
Why are equilibrium constants unitless?
The Evans auxiliary: rotational freedom of the benzyl group - stereoselectivity still guaranteed?
What&#39;s the chemistry behind only charging a Lithium-ion battery to 80% capacity at most, to increase its lifespan?
Why do some materials turn black and others white after combustion?
Is it Possible to Synthesise Ethers from Carboxylic Acids?
Difference between thermodynamic and kinetic stability
Carbon with 5 bonds?
Why isn&#39;t water acidic?
Which chemical properties make the substance to be explosive?
Is there a point at which Ethanol (E10) fuel becomes harmful to gas tanks or engines if not used?
Why do chalcogens (Group VI) stink so badly?
What&#39;s the physicochemical difference between a chromophore and a fluorophore?
Why are the halogens good disinfectants?
Why is it important to use a salt bridge in a voltaic cell? can a wire be used?
How does alum improve the settling of particles to produce &#39;clean&#39; water?
What utility does the Tau bond model of orbital overlap have?
Why can&#39;t pure water conduct electricity since it can be reduced at cathode and oxidised at anode?
Does freezing a solution with water always cause the water to separate and form the ice lattice?
Is there any relationship between ultrasonication and temperature
Why search new elements?
What causes the smell in rotten meat-grease and how can I get rid of it thoroughly?
Why do people often capitalize element names?
Derivation of the Hartree-Fock equations. Functional variation
Is oxygen with a positive charge more stable? (comparison of canonical structures)
How does one tell if a specific molecule is acidic or basic?
At what amount is digesting soap unhealthy?
What makes substances explosive
Would it be possible to produce a non-toxic atmosphere using a coal fire and frozen oxygen?
Why do solutions become saturated?
Why does the energy gap for π - π* transitions shrink with the size of the pi-conjugated system?
Proton transfer equilibrium in bisulphite adducts
What is the pKa of the oxonium / hydronium / H₃O⁺ ion?
What exactly happened when I added $\ce{KOH}$ to $\ce{H2O2}$?
Why can Cu have an oxidation number of +2?
Why doesn&#39;t a table sublimate, while ice does?
Why does diamond conduct heat better than graphite?
What is the origin of the differences between the MO schemes of O₂ and N₂?
Is BCl₅ possible?
Why is magic acid a superacid?
What is C2H5-O-CH=CH2?
Turn lead into gold via radioactive decay
How to synthesize methamphetamine?
Evidence of orbitals?
Which is the densest gas known?
By what mechanisms can molecules with the same empirical formula be so different?
Why do atoms &quot;want&quot; to have a full outer shell?
Why is sand that insoluble?
How does H2O2 bond
How to check if azobisisobutyronitrile (AIBN) is still active?
Why is gold unreactive when only one electron in outer shell?
Fireplace window: Can one influence how fast soot is building up?
Why was atomic mass scale changed from Oxygen - 16 to Carbon - 12?
Why doesn&#39;t HCl form when you dissolve NaCl in water?
Can we really see the bonds?
Organizing my &quot;chemical&quot; cabinet
Why is pyridine used when making tosyl esters from alcohols?
Can magnetic fields affect a chemical reaction?
How to I extract cyanide from apple seeds?
How pure NaCl is typical table salt? How is it purified?
Do molecules with axial chirality have &quot;stereogenic units&quot;?
Is the atom the smallest particle, which takes part in chemical reactions?
Is there a general / simple formula for Slater&#39;s rules?
Chlorosulfonation mechanism
What would follow in the series sigma, pi and delta bonds?
Can we prolong life?
Acid catalysed synthesis of ethyl ethoxymethylenemalonate
Why is benzyne an intermediate?
General rules for deciding volatility
What is the geometric configuration of the four fluorine atoms during the synthesis of xenon tetrafluoride?
How does one recognized Td/Oh symmetry in molecules?
Is the Springborg 6D phase space model used in modern molecular orbital modeling?
Why do Magnesium and Lithium form *covalent* organometallic compounds?
Are there any examples of nuclear spin isomers having consequences for chemical reactivity?
How does dimethylsulfoxide serve as a cryoprotectant?
Stability of H⁺ ion
Is the specific heat of liquid iron constant?
Do noble gasses besides Helium form diatomic molecules at low temperatures?
Synthesizing Mandelic acid - way too simple?
Differences between KOH and phosphorus pentoxide as drying agents?
Order of Dipole Moments
What is &#39;autogenous pressure&#39;?
Why are atoms with eight electrons in the outer shell extremely stable?
How do non-polar substances dissolve in non-polar solvents?
What is the opposite of a surfactant?
What is deuterium-depleted water actually used for?
What happens during cleaning silverware?
Naming of quantum chemistry basis sets
What is the difference between distilled water and rainwater?
Alloys for inkless metal pen
Can quantum entanglement affect the chemistry of molecules?
Name of a proton bonded to a hydroxyl carbon
In a Koppers-Totzek reactor, why do I get CO and H₂ instead of CO₂ and H₂O?
Molecular and Atomic Orbitals and Antibonding
Why are solid phase organics often conjugated to HCl?
Has the molecular diatomic oxygen trianion been observed or predicted?
What is the definition of of &#39;compound&#39;, &#39;mixture&#39;, &#39;element&#39; and &#39;molecule&#39;?
Why do Organolithium or Grignard reagents act as nucleophiles and not as bases with aldehydes and ketones
Chemical diagram for cummingtonite?
How to determine which gas is more soluble
Saturated vs Unsaturated Fats -- Structure in Relation to Room Temperature State?
Why does a substance with an endothermic heat of solution dissolve?
What is the difference between hand wash and body wash soap?
What does the eta notation mean in the naming of a transition metal complex?
When did the atom Theory Become indisputable?
What happens when you mix alum with soap?
Why is Tantalum so unreactive?
When measuring avidity should you use the ligand concentration or the nanoparticle concentration?
Regarding logic behind Organic Chemistry
Is real water made up of heavy water and light water?
Transition state and free energy
Can 1 mole of H2 react partially with one mole of O2?
Phenyl vs methyl cis/trans stability
Competing resonance and inductive effects in a substituted benzene
Why is Density Functional Theory notoriously bad at describing oxygen molecules?
Overlap between computer science and chemistry?
How can normal potentials be explained?
Covalent bond deformation
Do eta-4 benzene ligands participate in Diels Alder or other cycloadditions?
Does the hybridization model gives us any further insight on Molecular Geometry?
Can an aqueous solution conduct electricity forever?
What molecular features create the sensation of sweetness?
Why fluorine doesn&#39;t act as the central atom in inter-halogen compounds?
Finding the number of cyclic isomers algorithmically
The last element&#39;s atomic number
What is the smell of &#39;burning&#39; metal?
van der waals nonspecific interaction definition
Why is the alpha particle called a particle when it is made of four particles?
difference in the functioning of Alkaline and Acidified KMnO4
rate determination by 1H NMR spectroscopy
Approximate time for pure water pH to equilibrate in open air?
Why does free chlorine in the stratosphere lose its ozone-depleting potential after about 100,000 reactions?
Are atoms really round?
How long burned tobacco smoke remain toxic?
How could alcohol be made into a powder?
Rationalizing the Planarity of Formamide
Relationship between magnitudes of forward and reverse kinetic rate constants
Are metallic/ionic bonds weaker than covalent bonds? I was taught the opposite. Now I&#39;m confused
Will heating diatomic oxygen enough break the O=O bonds?
What is the reason for anomalous expansion of water?
Why is the bond angle H-P-H smaller than H-N-H?
Rationalising the order of reactivity of carbonyl compounds towards nucleophiles
Hosoya Z Index and Correlation with Boiling Point
Does O2 have a color in the gas phase
What are these crystals on my champagne cork?
How hazardous are peroxide-able ethers if stored properly?
Explaining Ionization to kids
Why is there sulfur in black powder / gun powder?
Biological Consequences of Asteroid Mining—Death by Isotope?
What chemicals are used in receipt paper?
What really happens atomically in an explosion?
Influence of Temperature on Biochemical Reactions
Is there a catalyst that will reduce an alcohol to an alkane?
Why is disilyne bent?
Why is proton transfer so fast?
How can a protein folding transition state have zero lifetime?
Which is more basic, hydrazine or ammonia?
Oxidation of formate ion by peroxydisulfate in water solution: Why are there &quot;strange&quot; kinetics?
Grignard reagent vs Gilman reagent
Standard list of odors?
If caffeine is an alkaloid, why is coffee acidic?
Why does Nitrogen form N₂ (and not N₄) while but Phosphorus forms P₄ (and not P₂)?
Does bleach turn a substance white or colorless?
1H NMR proton coupling
IUPAC Naming: 2-phenyloctane or 2-octanylbenzene
What possibilities are there for refining aluminium on the moon?
Where does the molar mass difference between N₂ and CO come from?
Why does N₂ react with O₂ to Form NO at high temperatures?
Negative ions and health: pseudo science or something more?
Practical safety of storing potassium
What causes the really bad smell of rotten potatoes?
How do I excel in Chemistry?
pKa differences and reactivity
Diels-Alder without molecular orbital theory
What is the meaning of &quot;no Hessian Eigenvalue &quot;?
Does hydrogen really have seven isotopes?
What forces hold ink on paper?
How does epoxy stick to stuff?
Mechanism of styrene dimerization
In infrared spectroscopy, why is there no C=C reading for E alkenes?
What causes spray cans to get cooler when shaken?
What are the meanings of dotted lines and waves in structural formulas?
Why are inert gas (especially Xenon) compounds powerful oxidizing agents?
Why is it that the bigger the side-chain is, its hydrogen atoms tend to be more equatorial?
Availabilty of magnesium ions in phosphate buffer
Are buckminsterfullerene-corannulene complexes actually stabilised by π stacking?
Living-cationic vs cationic polymerization
What are the major factors that influence LogP
Are Pulay forces expensive to compute?
Experimental calculation of solubility product constant
Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry: Can I use peak ratios and molecular mass to derive quantity?
What is the difference between an angular and linear skeletal formula?
Why are there no edge dislocations in a face-centered cubic (FCC) lattice?
What does the charge distribution around a Stone-Wales defect look like?
How to understand this form of writing the solution: (some salt • n H₂O)?
Rotation energy barrier for carboxypyrazolate
Why are strong acids and bases not suitable as primary standards?
Is circularly polarized light ever used to isolate particular chiralities?
Why is fabrication of ordered graphite substrates difficult?
Why do biphasic systems of fluorous and organic solvents form?
Explain the nomenclature of 7-amino-4-methylcoumarin
What is the timescale of disulfide bond formation?
Is the order of orientation of electron box diagrams meaningful or arbitrary?
13C NMR spectrum only showing solvent
How to calculate the equilibration time of two connected chambers of salt solution, initially at different concentrations?
Activated Carbon - Desorption in sunlight?
How to characterize gaseous ethylene that forms as byproduct?
Ceramics in &quot;bullet proof&quot; vests?
MacGyvering a sealed tube
How to translate the mobile phase from thin layer chromatography to column?
Do hydrogen halides (HX) form strong or weak acids?
Negative retention for chloride in hydrolysate filtration
How can one optimise the formation of copper acetate?
Are there any molecules with delta bonds in their ground states?
A quick method for separating liquids?
Deliquescence/efflorescence: How can I convert between salt concentration and RH?
Why does an ideal capacitor give rise to a rectangular cyclic voltammogram (CV)?
Can I use one alkaline battery to recharge another?
Interpreting a formula tattoo
Modern alternatives to Gaussian
Isolating salt from sea water using filters
Will alcohol or soap damage plastic or rubber?
Why does hand sanitizer turn into a liquid after coming out of the bottle?
How is the yellow colour of nitric acid removed?
Naming this substituted cyclohexenol
Calculating entropy: why consider a reversible path?
Why does 9-fluorenone dissolve in hexane?
Polypropylene 55 gallon drum
What do graphene &quot;armchair(5,5)&quot; and &quot;zigzag(5,0)&quot; refer to?
Why do single, double and triple bonds repel each other equal amounts?
Is there a standard symbol for molar density?
What are the key chemical characteristics that determine the octane rating of fuel?
Treatment of copper (0) with sodium hydroxide
What is the name of the &quot;primary&quot; carbon in a benzene derivative?
Acetic acid freezing distilation
Why does H₂ form on such a long time scale?
Why can an s orbital only hold two electrons?
Where did the rest of the elements come from?
Why don&#39;t the electrons move through the electrolyte (instead of the circuit) in a galvanic cell?
Why does Naphthalene turn into needle-shaped crystals by sublimation?
What is a pure substance?
What will be the product when 3,4-Dibromocyclohexene is reacted with sodium followed by heating with selenium?
What would be the mechanism of the given reaction?
Why are all the phenyl protons in benzyl alcohol equivalent in the &#185;H-NMR spectrum?
White powder observed after boiling water in electric kettle for many weeks
Reaction mechanism for oxidation of primary alcohol to carboxylic acid
How can a group be both a good nucleophile and a good leaving group?
Why aren&#39;t lower aromatic organic compounds taught?
Significant Figures Interpretation
What happens to the oxygen when carbohydrates turn into hydrocarbons?
Why is this atom sp&#178; hybridised?
Increasing the solubility of Sodium Hydroxide
Common Elemental Termolecular Reactions
Tetrahedral or Square Planar
Books for a very advanced 3rd grader (elementary school)
If electrolysis splits water, why does only either hydrogen or oxygen (but not both) bubble up on one pole?
Conducting current in electrolytes
What chemicals are in tap water that gives it a slightly basic pH level
Why can&#39;t rust form without water?
Interpretation of Figure - biofunctionalization
Molecular Imaging - Any surprises to be had?
Determing Empirical Formula
Experiment to show that air contains about 20% oxygen
Is it safe to condense water into a liquid nitrogen trap?
What does lowercase r-s notation mean?
Consequences of using reagent preserved with sodium azide on gold film
How should I modify my molecular dynamics simulation so that known chemical reactions can be modelled?
Why aren&#39;t there any triangular molecules?
How does initial rate of reaction imply rate of reaction at any time?
Is there any special rules for checking the aromaticity of polycyclic compounds?
Does it make a difference in energy if a reaction is done in many steps or in one step?
Why are sigma bonds stronger than pi bonds?
How should elements be colored? And how many bonds does an atom have?
Is it possible to save an insoluble snowflake?
Extraction of Sn from SnO2
Spontaneous Reactions
Is hybridization used in ab-initio valance bond calculation?
Understanding moseley&#39;s law from the rydberg-type equation?
Mathematical basis of why enthalpy of mixing is 0 for ideal gas
Why do branched chain compounds have lower boiling points than the corresponding straight chain isomers?
Can a battery powered by iron and air really provide a feasible power source for automobiles?
Why is Charcoal such an excellent adsorbent?
Example of raw 1H-NMR data?
Order of reactivity of carbonyl compounds to Nucleophilic addition reaction
Why does water evaporate at room temperature?
Resonance stability: ester vs. thioester
What is the mechanism of action of anaesthetics?
How explosive is hydrogen gas?
Why does nitric acid not turn yellow everytime?
How to separate HCl and NaOH from salt and water solution?
Rate and mechanism of the reaction of Mg and HCl
How can I make an acidic pen to burn paper on writing on it?
The Crisscross method for finding the chemical formula
How many Ga atoms are connected to one As atom in solid state Gallium arsenide
How to calculate reduction potentials from given standard potentials for cobalt?
Why is it necessary to avoid even traces of moisture from a Grignard reagent?
Questions about Buffer System (Lab)
Lone Pair &#39;more repulsion&#39; VSPR Theory
How does glue work?
What is the Structure of FeSO₄ • NO?
What makes C=O more stable that C(OH)₂
Where is the acid in DNA/RNA?
What makes teflon such a strong material?
Removing prenylated phenolics from clothing, shoes, and upholstery
Structure that breaks InChI
Why do acids favor the oxidizer? And bases the reducer?
How much can the pH change through dilution?
Does having constant pressure imply a temperature change? Why isn&#39;t the volume needed to calculate the final temperature and energy?
Are there any full worked examples of DFT calculations?
Entropy - &quot;Wiggle&quot;?
Why no thermal expansion for camping tents?
What exactly does it mean for the reaction of superoxide with non-radicals to be spin-forbidden?
Why can&#39;t light pass through a gold foil, but alpha particles can?
Bicycle tube inflation with 16g CO2 cartridge
How does mixing lemon juice in hooka water affect the composition of the mixture?
Why does nitrous acid exhibit (unexpectedly) different bond angles?
What is Bent&#39;s rule?
Utility of Bent&#39;s Rule - What can Bent&#39;s rule explain that other qualitative considerations cannot?
Scary jelly forming on zinc anodes
What general uses do beta-lactam functional groups have?
What is the IUPAC systematic name for methane?
Thermodynamically Reversible Processes: How does an infinitesimal step make a process reversible and how is maximum work derived from the process?
Is the transformation of pi bonds to sigma bonds always energetically favorable?
Heats of combustion and stability of rings
Do reverse reactions occur in combustion?
Sodium Bisulfate vs Sodium Bisulfite
Difference between shells, subshells and orbitals
Is cyclobutadiene anti-aromatic?
Beer freezing after being opened
Caclulating the Solubility of Fluorite in River Water
Carbon-Sulfur Bond Lengths; Resonance Effects (Or Lack Thereof)
What makes carbon special and versatile?
Where&#39;s my experimental error coming from?
Is there a pH range for &quot;neutral&quot; detergents?
Is there a simple way to separate deuterium oxide from tap water?
Properties of f-orbitals
Why doesn&#39;t limestone thermally decompose instead of turning to marble?
What Causes there to be a Maximum Amount of Salt which can be Dissolved in Water?
Reduction of α,β-unsaturated nitro compounds
Why does microwave heat up things so much more quickly than visible light?
Is it likely that increased understanding of quantum physics will change our understanding of chemistry?
Why did the salt on the skin of my turkey react with the aluminum foil it was touching?
Mechanism of dehydrogenation with Nosylate
How does Resonance stabilize a molecule?
Whats the difference between entropy and the (dis)order of a system?
Would there be a difference if deuterium is embedded instead of protium (regular hydrogen) in acids?
Why are triamino compounds so rare?
Is a hydrogen bond considered to be a van der Waals force?
What is the white substance left behind after boiling down water
Is Acrylamide carcinogenic? Why?
Temperature of an atom
What are the products of the reaction of 1-methoxycyclohexene with dilute hydrochloric acid?
What is the Ka of OH- and Kb of H3O+?
What&#39;s the type of bonding in La@C60?
To what extent can hydride shift go?
Does chemistry need machine learning?
Why is SN2 favored greatly over SN2&#39;
How do I synthesize 3-phenyl oxirane-2-carbaldehyde from chloroacetonitrile?
What will be the major product on chlorination of m-nitrophenol?
What is the meaning of &quot;superionic&quot;?
Non-halogen intermediate between alkane and alcohol under basic conditions?
Similar proteins in milk, oats and eggs
GAMESS and Gaussian : what is the maximum efficient number of supported nodes?
What is the viscosity of menstruation blood?
Do core electrons have molecular orbitals?
Writing Kp expressions?
Predicting orbital angular momentum effects on magnetic moments
Molecular explanation of the Hofmeister Series
How to differentiate a metal from its ion?
Brittle d-block metal trend
Effect of periodic acid on cyclohexane derivatives
What&#39;s the difference between precipitate and turbidity?
How can I perform structure alignment on an inorganic species?
What organic solvents are suitable to use with potassium permanganate?
Hanging a spoon on the face
Regenerating the imaginary data of a 2D NMR spectrum with a hilbert transform
Why is it so difficult to create mock NMR spectra of macromolecules?
When we heat a borax crystal, why does it first expand and then contract?
What is the behavior of a Zwitterion during ion exchange chromatography?
Can class D fire extinguishers be used for other fire types than metal fires?
Test presence of oxygen &gt; 1%
How does temperature affect the concentration of flavonoids in orange juice?
Efficiency of various Ewald-type schemes for the summation of electrostatic interactions
How does brewing time and brewing temperature affect the flavonoid concentration of green tea?
Difference between non-thermal and thermal ionized gases
Where can I obtain tables of P-V-T/compression factor data?
Calcium carbonate toxicity
Why are peroxides explosive?
Why does oxygen not condense onto open dewers of liquid nitrogen?
What is the exact nomenclature of ionization?
Extracting elemental ratios from X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)
Cyanogenic glycosides and HCN
Why is a squared cosine window function commonly used for 2D spectra?
Why does Chloride attack CrO?
What does the ZZE tag in an Chemical Table file refer to?
Copper Chloride: neutralizing and disposal
Copper substituting silver in Tollen&#39;s reagent
How did Michael Faraday melt Sodium Chloride?
Is there a liquid crystal or similar material that gets cloudy when an electric field is applied, but is otherwise clear?
Really Slow Chemical Clock Reaction
What is known about the phase of matter at very high temperature and enough pressure?
What is the &#39;ancestral term&#39; in the LS coupling scheme?
What meaning do multiple real solutions of a truncated virial equation have, if any?
Why do H₂ and O₂ create H₂O?
What does it mean when &quot;a gas is dilute in CO₂&quot;?
Options for long term storage of helium?
Chemical reactions with a room-scale cooling effect
Is it possible to get energy from frozen methane without oxygen?
Are redox half-reactions &quot;real&quot;?
What chemical file formats are compatible with 3D printing?
Molecular orbitals of heteronuclear diatomic molecules
Clogged drain, commercial products are ineffective
Identifying a glass frosting chemical
How can scientists be certain that there are no undiscovered elements missing from the periodic table from hydrogen to lawrencium?
Negative Kelvin Temperature
Hybridization sp3 and sp2
Why does gas particle velocity affect rate of effusion?
Reduction and re-oxidation of TiO₂
Explain Platinum&#39;s electronic configuration
Is electrochemically activated water a real technology?
Predict Products
Forms of carbon in incomplete combustion
Does sublimation happen only on the surface or throughout the body?
Classical reason for good heat conductance in diamond?
Resonance in carbocation derived from allenes
Why is the relative atomic mass of carbon not exactly 12?
Why do shape and size have the greatest effect on the optical properties of nanoparticles?
How can I dispose of chlorine and sodium hydroxide as table salt and water?
Why does sulphur and oxygen form sulphur dioxide?
Completely chemically inert metal alloy?
What makes Kleenex Cool Touch tissues cool to the touch, and is it safe?
Does citric acid react with carbonated water?
How to find whether there is oxygen present inside a well of diameter 1m at depth 50m?
Law of Multiple Proportions: What is the significance of small whole numbers?
Why does nucleophilic substitution favour being in an aqueous solution?
Why do single elements in a molecule have an oxidation state of zero?
Why do metals tend to lose electrons, as opposed to maintaining electric neutrality?
Chemical Equilibrium - Why do changes in pressure cause a shift in the ratio of products and reactants?
How much CO₂ should one expect in an IR spectrum?
Bonding and anti-bonding orbitals in the light of time-dependent Schr&#246;dinger equation?
Nitrogen Monoxide
Easily removable material that sticks to skin
What household substances could be distilled
Anomalous Electron Configurations
Why does Oxygen not like to be doubly Anionized?
What chemicals are going to be used to make the smoke black or white?
Stripeless cleaning of windows
Selective etchant for Al2O3 (Does not etch Al, Cu, Zn, Sn)
Resonance structure and hybridisation
Oxidation of ketones
Measuring Thermodynamic Stability
Normal Spinel and Inverse Spinel
What does under-stoichiometric or stoichiometric mean?
Spontaneous explosion of a bottle containing alcohol and milk
What is the difference between graphite oxide and graphene oxide?
Can iproniazid be prepared by reacting isoniazid with 2-chloropropane?
How is this an autocatalytic reaction?
Bonding and Antibonding
Electron density definition of single, double, triple bonds?
Total magnetic moment of atom
Chemical properties of isotopes
Can you heat water with additives?
How can melting point equal freezing point?
Reviving Li-ion battery in freezer?
Why are there multiple lines in hydrogen line spectrum
Computing of strengthening of pi-interaction
What chemical available in 18th century would explosively react with phosphorus?
How do I determine the crystal field splitting for an arbitrary point group?
How chemists find out the electronic properties of elements (atomic numbers)
Why is O2 the supporter of combustion?
Why don&#39;t metals form covalent bonds in bulk metal?
Why is the carbon dioxide we exhale transparent?
colloidal osmotic pressure?
Have we ever created artificial metals?
Difference between Reaction Rate and Rate Law?
EZ-Water - Fraud or breakthrough?
What is the net ionic equation for this molecular equation?
Is there a difference between imidazolidinone and imidazolidone?
If pH of the solution is zero, what would be the normality of an H₂SO₄ solution?
What does the &quot;3,4&quot; mean in 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)?
Why apart from when building atoms in the first place, the 3d is the lower energy orbital?
Why does ammonia act as an acid in only the first of these two reactions?
Why is Aluminium Carbonate unstable?
Will bridged compounds undergo $S_N1$ reaction?
How can enzyme/substrate reactions that adhere (largely) to quantum theory also require &#39;Newtonian&#39; consideration of gravity?
How can Al2O3 be called an acid?
When and how in anaerobic digestion is water dissociated?
The Lewis structure of HNO3
Which functional group is -CSSH?
Resonance of benzoic acid
How does the ambient temperature affect the rate of redox reactions in a salt lake?
Why is lanthanum a lanthanide and actinium an actinide?
What chemical properties make some grassses usable for producing textile fabrics?
Is pure water very corrosive?
Why are noble gases stable
Why is water wet and fire hot?
How to get defect-energy level diagram from PL data
What is the chemical basis for superglues?
Ozone catalysis
How do I create a concentrated solution of singlet oxygen (in the dark)?
Why aren&#39;t atomic radii calculated using Schr&#246;dinger&#39;s equation?
Why does acetylene, having acidic proton, not react with strong bases like NaOH and KOH?
Is it possible to create a salt with multiple anions with only one cation(e.g. CaBrCl)?
How is an aqueous Ag+ the same as [Ag(H2O)2]+?
Molecular Oxygen in Suzuki Homocoupling
Flavor transference through the air and plastic bags
How to properly relate quantum mechanical energy to the classical world
Can I damage a biotinylated antibody in solution by vortexing or mixing too vigorously?
The energy gap between a pi-conjugated system with (2 bonding and 1 anti-bonding orbital) and (1 bonding and 2 anti-bonding) orbitals
Reaction Order Greater than 1
Why is the melting point of p-Dichlorobenzene higher than those of o-Dichlorobenzene and m-Dichlorobenzene?
What is the carbon dioxide content of a soda can or bottle?
Pressure and LeChatelier&#39;s Principle
Rate and order confusion
Halogen bonds in QuteMol
Activity Coefficients from Electrode Potentials
Mistake in Wikipedia article on fugacity?
What&#39;s the relationship between Van der Waals forces and hydrophobic interactions?
Why is a singlet state called singlet and a triplet state called triplet?
Why does the water in a Powerade bottle tastes a little like Powerade after many refills?
Don&#39;t Understand Beta Decay
Calculating Commutator of Differential Angular Momentum
Electronegativity Considerations in Assigning Oxidation States
Inorganic chemistry reaction mechanisms
HNMR - Peak Splitting
How does the crystal know where to stop stacking the unit cells?
What is difference between aluminium mercury alloy and gallium aluminium alloy?
Calculating the pH of a dilluted aqueous KOH solution
Why does Mercury have low melting and boiling points?
How to make approximation of rotational partition function of diatomic linear molecules?
How does lone pair of a central atom affect the dipole moment?
How can we justify setting the affinity $\sum_i \mu_i \nu_i$ equal to zero at chemical equilibrium?
How does hydrogen gas build up in hot water lines?
Why is introductory chemistry so non-rigorous?
Soap and rain water, why does it not rinse off?
How does the pyramidalization effect the bonding angles in a distorted octahedral environment?
Does vinegar neutralize the strongly basic compounds in cement?
Do filled Orbitals also hybridize?
Why is O=C=O nonpolar?
Reaction mechanism of combustion of H2?
Acid-base equilibrium of NH4CN
How can I identify whether a substance is KOH or NaOH?
What causes photovoltaic (solar) cells to degrade?
Which compound has the highest melting point?
Catalytic iodine in synthesis of phosphonium salts
In cracking, why does C form double bonds?
Oxidation state of HOF
How much does water expand when heated, and does salt affect that?
Exceptions to motif: nucleophile attacks electrophile
What is the cause for thermodynamic reversible and irreversible process?
Nitrobenzene reduction with (tin) Sn catalyst: Why is C-H bond cleavage preferred over O-H bond cleavage?
Does knowing the ratio of masses of the elements in a compound lead to the unique chemical identity of the compound?
Donation by inductive effect and withdrawal by conjugation
Safe explosion demonstrations
Why N2O is a &quot;laughing gas&quot;?
Metal Compounds that bond covalently
Could neutralisation of safe chemicals produce dangerous ones?
What is the difference between polyethene and polyethane?
Which chemical is responsible for making marker ink permanent?
Heisenberg uncertainty principle
Nuclear magnetic resonance : Difference between S and I
How do we know that hydrogen gas consists of two hydrogen atoms?
How does salt and water promote corrosion?
Mathematics in inorganic and quantum chemistry
How does a Frost diagram reproduce the solutions to the wave equation?
Positive or Negative Anode/Cathode in Electrolytic/Galvanic Cell
Converting Ethanol to Butyne
Why does K⁺ have 0 valence electrons?
Why doesn&#39;t diamond have $\Delta H_f^\theta=0$?
Does everything exist as a gas at P = 0?
Why is structure B disfavored?
Nernst equation and electrolysis
Why are weak acids weak?
How to determine peroxy oxygen?
Nanoscopy Nobel Prize - why are all the tools in the visible light range?
What kind of chemicals would exist at the heat death of the universe?
Why can&#39;t carbon form an ionic bond?
Why F replaces axial bond in PCl₅?
Is there a hierarchy to functional groups?
Determine what the unknown element is
Interpretation of TD-DFT results
How does the radial distribution function of Vanadium differ from that of Calcium and how does this affect the ionic electron configurations?
Electron Density of C1 and C2 in 1-phenylpropene
Conditions for spontaneity
Acidity of substituted phenols
Products of Lead(II) nitrate decomposition
Dissociation of water into H+ and OH-: Does the law of mass action hold at nanoscale?
How does B2Cl4 have two perpendicular c2&#39; axes?
Born-Oppenheimer Approximation reloaded
Hydrocarbons with only 4 carbon atoms
Does water have a smell?
Why do many pharmaceuticals contain fluorine?
How does dimethyl sulfoxide transport other molecules through skin?
What&#39;s the difference between a nucleophile and a base?
In the wet medium of an ocean, how does a hard shell form?
Does radioactivity affect chemical reactions
Percent composition, maybe?
What is the reason behind choosing the specific elements used for the synthesis of heavier elements?
What is the chemistry behind cleaning silverware with aluminium foil
How to know whether s-p mixing will happen in heteronuclear molecules?
What are the physical properties affected in ZnO when there is a sulfur impurity?
IUPAC naming - choosing the main branch doubts
Wade&#39;s rules for Zintl ions
What causes the lowering of vapour pressure in volatile/nonvolatile solvent mixtures?
Cell overpotential diagrams
London dispersion forces and distance relationship
Step up reaction – increase carbon chain length
Radon gas in earthquake prediction - Why Rn?
Are matrices a good way to do stoichiometry?
Are there yellow metals besides gold and copper?
How to express uncertainty containing values with error progression?
pKa of Cacodylic acid?
Is there a field of chemistry that doesn&#39;t do experiments?
Does the &quot;Bat Gen&quot; claim to produce more energy that it uses?
Stability of di-substituted alkenes
Adding lemon to lentils changes color from black to pink, why?
Why is copper (II) coordination number so big?
How does VSEPR theory explain the formation of different bond angles in PCl₅?
Does fluorescein decompose from long term exposure to light?
Does the boiling boint of miscible liquids follow a linear relationship?
Can Liquid CO₂ dissolve plastic
Why are oxime geometrical isomers stable?
Why do people assume 28 oxygens in chlorite mineral formula?
Storing large quantities of KOH
Is delta H a state function?
Grignards reducing carbonyls
What is the meaning of the &quot;dot&quot; notation in chemical formulas?
Why are water droplets shaped like that?
Possible to grow optical calcite?
Is most of the weight you lose actually released as carbon dioxide when you exhale?
Combustion in liquid state
Is 2-bromobutane chiral?
In which country is it allowed to practice non-clandestine amateur chemistry?
Why does small value of van der Waals gas constant &quot;b&quot; ensure easier liquefication?
Second ionization potential of Gadolinium
What reaction is happening when a lithium polymer battery &quot;is on fire&quot;
&#39;Emulating&#39; calcium hydroxide
Why do dianions (such as malonate) bind cations more strongly than anions?
Explain the formation of replicators to a layman
Why does water evaporate spontaneously at room temperature despite dG &gt; 0?
Claisen Condensation to Ketone
How much ozone is produced by ionization of air and how turn ozone into oxygen
Synthesis of ethyl methyl ketone from 2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)ethyl methyl ketone
How come there aren&#39;t any silicon analogs of alkenes or alkynes?
Naproxene syntheses: electrophilic aromatic substitution on activated naphthalene
Bandgap of a semiconductor for photocatalytic water splitting
Timescale of Protonation and Deprotonation across micelle layers
Z-matrix of a series of 5 colinear atoms
Where do I find datasheets of zeolites?
Mercury, amalgams and mercury compounds
Has QTPIE ever been applied to 1D metals such as polyacetylene?
Reaction between Silver Nitrate and Aluminium Chloride
How long does it take to run a MS/MS experiment
What is it about the relationship between the Fe&#178;⁺ and Fe&#179;⁺ in magnetite that makes it diamagnetic?
Retention of surface texture after combustion
Why is calcium fluoride insoluble?
How do copper sulphate and the like change crystal structure on adding water of hydration?
Why is a sodium metabisulfite-starch-HCl solution unstable?
Do Na or Li need heat in order to react with Cl₂?
CHARMM parameter files for NBD (nitrobenzoxadiazole)
MO-Scheme of SCN- and its bonding properties when used as a ligand
Handling and storing sodium hydroxide, hydrochloric acid, hydrogen peroxide and isopropyl alcohol
Are there any general chemical rules for choosing initiators for a polymerization reaction?
The mole is used extensively in chemistry, why not elsewhere?
Does borax do anything more for &quot;boosting&quot; detergent than adding active oxygen would?
Are all cubic point groups encountered?
Oxidative chlorination mechanism (sulfide to sulfonyl chloride)
Temperature dependence in absorption spectroscopy
What is a neutral atom?
Which cyclohexane conformation is more stable?
Algebra of conserved quantities for chemical reactions
What type(s) of gloves are effective against DCM and acetone?
How to plate zinc evenly on a threaded bar
What is the molecular structure of the coating on cast iron cookware known as seasoning?
Water electrolysis
What is the bandgap value of SiO2?
Why do lipids in a cell hydrolyze into glycerol and fatty acids?
Comparison of acids: how to interpret experiment
Highest Energy Electron - possible typo in my book?
How to properly dispose of sodium...or store it properly
Why does cesium have a positive electron affinity?
Oxidation number for Nitrogen in Ammonium sulfate
Why would the loss of H₂ to space mean that the Earth&#39;s geochemistry would be based on acid/base reactions?
What determines the electronegativity of an element?
Methane seems to dissolve more readily in cold water. Why?
How useful is the assumption that water doesn&#39;t auto-ionize in the following?
How do amines react with flue gases to absorb CO₂?
Why not &quot;Oxygate&quot; OO4(2-)?
Why does polonium form acidic oxides?
Shape of C₂H₂ molecule
How does the work that won the 2012 Sustainable Chemistry Award contribute to sustainable chemistry?
Separating NaClO from its aqueous form in bleach
Why is bread warm at room temperature?
The effect of structure on the boiling points of organic molecules
If a sugar is nonreducing, does that mean it doesn&#39;t ionize in water?
What is the exact definition of Salinity?
What sort of molecules or polymers are used in OLED displays?
Fitting titration curve
What chemical compounds were used in CRT phosphors?
Maximum temperature attainable by thermite reaction
Adenine precursor synthesis
Tests on sodium peroxoborate
Is this the lowest chair conformer of Beta D-galactose
What is in silico energy optimization?
Computation of pH when an acid and base are mixed in solution
Is it not safe for health to finish a bottle of wine during a week
What does the &quot;D&quot; group represent on a chiral center?
Reaction of magnesium with the surrounding air
How is the magnetic property of an element affected when the element is part of a compound?
Simultaneous equilibria
If I have a chiral substrate, should I always assume that both enantiomers are present?
How does localized bonding theory and hybridisation work?
A first-order reaction at infinite concentration
Why cannot HCN react with ethene?
How does the litmus pH indicator work?
Lennard Jones liquid vapor phase transition
Having trouble understanding basic redox
What defines matter&#39;s phase at room temperature?
What is the appropriate method to visualize electrostatic potentials?
Is it Possible, Chemically, to change a Dextrorotatory Compound to its Levorotatory Counterpart?
Why carbonyl compunds are more reactive towards catalytic hydrogenation than alkynes and alkenes?
What is the nature of chemical energy?
Dissolving Organic Tissues
Fourier transform for spectroscopy spectra?
Measuring distance in a conductive liquid
Is formaldehyde a carbohydrate?
Differences between H-H-O and H-O-H
Can flexible plastics have reflective coating (vacuum metalized)?
Basic Understanding of Relative Atomic Mass
Covalently bonding amide to glass
Phenomenon where fumes can relight an extinguished flame
Potential diffrence between two graphite strips in NaCl solution
What is the procedure of designing a salt bridge for a galvanic cell?
Is At a non metal or a metalloid?
Why is it hard to reduce titanium dioxide?
Predicting molecular geometry from a formula
Can you carbonate a non aqueous liquid?
Iodine clock with moving bands
What is the influence of an alkyl-hydroxy group on a benzene ring?
Can there exist any element which has an 8th principle shell?
Drying a distillate liquid
LiAlH₄ with carboxylic acid
acyclically stereocontrolled reaction: organolithium and 2-chiral compound
How can potassium disappear after cooking?
Can dust or fingerprints interfere in ultra-violet spectroscopy
Why is the mole a unit of measurement?
How can I measure the pH of high-viscosity fluids like dough?
Ca and Mg hydrated radius in clay flocculation
Can a polymer have different resonance structures?
Confusion in unit cells of crystal system
Removing titanium from tantalum crucible
Which of Mono-, Di-, Triphenylmethane is the most acidic?
How to determine a Reynolds number for mixture of 2 liquids
reaction of toluene?
aromatic nucleophillic substitution?
How to estimate HCN content in a volatile mixture?
Why are sigma bonds the only ones used in determining the geometry and bond angle in VSEPR theory? Why aren&#39;t Pi bonds used?
Sodium Hypochlorite Production Explanation
Solvation of uranyl formate/acetate
How many electrons can an orbital of type f hold?
What non-toxic non-water substances have a freezing point very close to water&#39;s?
Why Do Carbonates, Oxides, and Pure Metals Precipitate Before Metal Sulphides?
Diagonal line going through groups IIIA-VIA on the periodic table
Is there any difference between a completely filled orbital and an half-filled one?
Prediction of ionic reduction?
Why is it not dangerous to dissolve NaCl?
How can I separate the vinegar from a 5% white vinegar to make a more concentrated solution.
How would one go about making a cheap freeze spray?
What determines the density of an element?
Is sublimation caused by an environmental difference or an element&#39;s composition?
Number of pi-electrons in an energy state
How to quickly cool a test tube without cracking it?
Is the electron configuration redundant?
Are there positive ligands?
why does FeCl₃ have such a specific smell?
LCAO (Linear Combination of Atomic Orbitals) and Phases
Why are the total energies of transition states so commonly corrected for zero-point vibrational energy?
Why do people still use the mole (unit) in chemistry?
Oxygen and sulfur bonding
Why do liquid crystal displays (LCDs) visually distort under pressure?
Is it possible to melt diamonds into a liquid?
Why does the reaction quotient use the products (multiplications) of reactants and products, rather than their respective sums?
What does the Sm5Ge4 orthorhombic structure look like?
Deviation from Raoult&#39;s law because of adhesive and cohesive forces
What is the joke that is shown in this picture?
How much electricity could be generated by a person&#39;s stomach acid?
Standards for drawing chemical molecules
Have there been no advances in the determination of effective nuclear charges since Clementi and Raimondi in the 60s?
Why does water cause a jet flame when poured over a bunch of tealights?
When temperature is decreased, why do reactions occur at all?
Pointless comparison in Clayden et al., Organic Chemistry
Caffeine boiling and melting points
Aldol condensation products in different conditions
Nomenclature of organic compounds
Prediction of products in reaction of dicarbonyl with alpha-haloketone
Are there any amphoteric substances other than H₂O and NH₃?
Are there any significant industrial processes that use liquid ammonia as a solvent?
Mercury assisted deprotection of dithiane
Why does ZnO turn yellow when it is hot?
Reaction intermediates of MnO2 catalyzed H2O2 decomposition reaction
How can molecularity be the order of the rate determining step?
Is tea powder better dissolved when put in hot water?
What is chemistry considered the study of?
Defining and testing custom made DFT functionals?
My gallium is not melting
Why does the 3rd electron shell start filling up with scandium?
Standard solution and extracted solution : same concentration?
Getting to use the lab!
What is the Melting point of diamond?
Is Linus Pauling&#39;s General Chemistry still readable and up-to-date today?
What is the cost of 1.00 g of calcium ions as provided by this brand of dry milk?
How does High Frequency water electrolysis work?
Is pyrite (FeS₂) an ionic or a covalent compound?
What are the products for the redox reaction HCl + SnCl₂ + KMnO₄?
Why are excited Slater determinants used to describe electron correlation?
Why is fluorine the most electronegative atom?
Why does HNO3 not give off H2 when reacting with Cu?
Difference of dipole moments of dichloromethane and trichloromethane?
Why does the equilibrium constant change on scaling the stoichiometric coefficients of a reaction?
reason for the stronger acidic property of phenol than alcohol
Steam distillation- how it actually works?
Why electronegativity difference greater than 1.7 are ionic?
Why isn&#39;t 4-hydroxybenzoic acid formed along with salicylic acid in kolbe&#39;s reaction?
How much UV lamp power is needed to initiate radical polymerization?
What is the oxidizing agent for Fe in the following redox reaction?
Does partial charge violate the law of quantization of charge?
Correlation Diagram Doesn&#39;t Match Selection Rules?
Stability of cyclobutyl methyl carbocation
Do materials exist that absorb Visible light and emit Near InfraRed light?
Why is filter paper fluorescent?
Why are high pressures used in cracking of long-chain hydrocarbons?
How can I reduce Crystallization temperature of seed oil to be used in winter as biodiesel?
How strict is the &quot;to excite electrons the energy must equal the energy state difference&quot; fact?
Titration of sulfuric acid with sodium hydroxide
How can water catalyse a reaction between iodine and aluminium?
Natural Bond Orbital (NBO) analyses: Physical significance/interpretation of E(2) &#39;stabilization energy&#39;?
Normalizing the wave function $\psi (x) = A$
Most stable carbanion
Converting organic carbonate to formate ester
How could a scientist from the 1800s to the 1920s run spectroscopy of chemicals?
Why does potassium react the most vigorously with water?
How can we rationalise the amount of crystal water in coordination complexes?
What&#39;s the difference between PBE and B3LYP methods?
Magical reaction tanks
Why is it ACETone?
Why is crystalline aspirin washed with chilled water in the purification process?
Furan and maleic anhydride: Why is the major product exo?
Why does increasing number of salt bridges increase voltage of electrochemical battery?
Why is the para carbon in Benzaldehyde NMR more deshielded than the ortho and meta carbons?
Which ion of iron to use?
Bonding in the phosphate ion
Rusting of an Iron nail at oil water boundary surface
What is the conformer distribution in monosubstituted fluoro bullvalene?
Why are solids and liquids not included in the equilibrium constant? What about in a reaction rate calculation?
&quot;Generally Octahedral&quot; - Meaning?
What is the active ingredient in this &quot;stimulant?&quot;
Is there a means to measure pH without indicators?
Can a proton be ejected from an atom?
If salt crystals make a cube shape, what is this &#39;X&#39; marking?
Counting Nodal Planes in cyclopropane
Is it possible to remove salt from food without changing the flavor?
What stable arrangements of hydrogen-bonded water exist in the range of 4-20 water molecules?
is this statement always true? : The more -OH functional groups in the molecule, the more is its viscosity
Electronic model with highest prediction rate
-ic -ous nomenclature
Carbon Oxides and stability
Byproducts of the neutralisation of hydrochloric acid with sodium hydroxide
Heisenbergs uncertainty principle
What are Nitrogen fumes?
Why is the size of Al3+ less than that of Li+?
Synthesis via Sn2/Sn1, E2, E1: Choice of solvent
Is the valency of carbon satisfied in graphite?
Amount of Phenolphthalein required
How do people check the type of defect in a crystal?
Problems with thermodynamic derivatives
Can electrons switch orbitals within a shell?
relativistic effect: d-electrons in metallorganic complexes
How can I work out what reaction will happen?
Is there a systematic way to determine the expected cubic structure of metals?
How do I round a calculation involving both addition/subtraction and multiplication/division to the correct number of significant figures?
Deamination of Spermidine?
Boat conformation: axial hydrogens
During a phase change in matter, why doesn&#39;t the temperature change?
Why is one lobe of an sp3 hybridized orbital smaller than its other half?
How can we measure atomic radius of atom?
What happens when 0.02 mole NaOH is added to a buffer solution?
Are phenylboranes susceptible to ipso or meta substitution?
Toxicity of a sheet of lead?
Baking soda bath to deacidify newsprint?
How to determine number of structural isomers?
How can two orbitals constructively and destructively interfere simultaneously?
What is the point of introducing virtual orbitals in Hartree-Fock calculations?
What is charge shift bonding?
Steric effects of a lone pair and piperidine
What are chiral environments?
Dibromomethane bond angles
What is Chevron with Techron fuel?
Why is sugar used in low-cost homemade rockets?
Salt concentration and electrical permittivity of water
Is a single carbon atom stable?
How to find the molecular formula for a hydrocarbon compound from known combustion products?
Periodic trend in difference of energy between the s and p orbitals
How does Ostwald-Walker method work?
Introduction to Chemistry Textbook - Theory based
What is the lower bound to the temperature at which a fire can burn?
&quot;Carbon snakes&quot; - what physico-chemical process causes the exothermic response?
Are radioactive isotopes of silver dangerous?
How to analytically quantify a chemical&#39;s potential to intercalate DNA?
What is the word for how polyprotic an acid is?
How can we recreate old pharaos&#39; perfumes?
Methods for Determining Partial Charges
Show the vibrational frequency of F2- is much lower than that of F2
How many unique molecules exist? And how many exist only by synthesis?
How is bonding in the trihydrogen cation and triatomic hydrogen possible?
How is the bond length calculated from the total electronic energy?
dissociation rates: trans-effect rule in square planar complexes
Diatomic halogens - bond strength
What are t2g and eg in CFT?
Conversion of one atom to another to get the element of the latter atom in abundance
Cyanide ion non-bonding/lone pair?
Are carbocations that bad?
Is there non-redox reaction?
How can I deduce the linearity of XeF2 from the IR spectrum?
How to assign the signals in the H-NMR of Aspirin?
What does the ‘−1’ superscript mean in units?
Orbital overlap and size &quot;mismatch&quot;
What is the mechanism for demercuration?
Why is an ester more acidic than a ketone?
SN2 vs SN1 in Secondary Alkyl Halides
Inductive effect and hyperconjugation - one elephant, different parts?
Why doesn&#39;t rubidium react with nitrogen gas?
Explaning Cis &amp; trans isomers through VSEPR
How do I calculate the concentration of H₂SO₄ by a titration experiment with NaOH?
Structure of carbon fiber
Why the salts in a salt bridge?
Why are there different chemical structures for epinephrine (adrenaline)?
Why is mercury much more toxic when inhaled than injected?
Is There a Difference in the Definition of Complete and Stoichiometric Combustion?
Cyanide from seeds breaking down in a pond
Fire resistance of PVC
Why do the d orbitals have these notations?
What is tryptose
Nomenclature for different types of ice
Should I use H3O+ or H+?
Hydrogen electrode
Is phenoxide aromatic?
C-H vs C-C: which is stronger?
Significance of Proton Tunneling
Ratios of produced gases in water electrolysis
Inductive effect of isotopes of H
Factors of London Forces
How to find the mass of the solute given a concentration as a mass fraction?
What would be SMILES notation for a compound with delocalized bonding?
Why isn&#39;t water an ionic compound?
Have Ionic Liquids been used to refine aluminum on an industrial scale?
Why is Osmium the densest known element
If the hydroxide ion is such a poor leaving group then why does water dissociate?
How is it possible to quantify the strength of a Lewis acid/base?
Why is the electronegativity of hydrogen 2.20?
Why is sand, sand; and why is glass, glass; While both mainly contain Silicon Dioxide?
what is the white fuzz left behind on basement floor after puddle evaporated
What type of Organic Substance is used in LCD
Using MO theory, give an explanation for the C-C bond length in cyanogen
Is it possible for Hydrogen to lose its electron?
Are there two compound resins that tolerate over 1000&#176;C for glass/carbon fiber?
What is it with resonance structures?
How is it possible to obtain a value of 8/3 as an oxidation state?
Quick-and-Dirty Molecular Dynamics by Mass-Weighted Atom Translations?
A different structure of Ozone?
Why do nitro groups confer explosive tendencies?
What substance in a gummy bear reacts with heated Potassium Chlorate to create an explosion?
Why is Gibbs free energy more useful than internal energy?
Catenane optical activity
Is there a reaction happening between Coconut Oil &amp; Hydrogen Peroxide?
Why is the pKa (COOH) of alanine and glycine similar but the pKa (NH_3) different?
Is there a name for the opposite reaction to the dissolution?
Are there different types of melamine resin?
Is tetraammine dichloro cobalt (III) an optically active compound?
Ion-selective electrodes
What is actually a redox reaction?
Finding specific activity of an enzyme from Km values for a reversible enzyme reaction
Relationship between surface area of electrode and reaction rate of hydrogen in fuel cells
Is Saliva an acid or base?
Why neutrons are neutral?
The sponge isn&#39;t foaming up, why?
Dehydration of methylcyclobutanol
Does mercury fulminate really look like crystal methamphetamine?
Does C₂H₅OH react with K to form C₂H₅OK and H₂?
Redox Half Reaction - Reduction
What&#39;s wool made of?
Is the term carboreduction interchangeable with carbothermic reduction
Why are potentials of cells with magnesium electrode always lower than expected?
How can I draw 2,3 diethyl heptane
Are All Solutions of Weak Acid/Bases Buffers?
Why do molecules have to have a change in dipole moment in order for them to be IR active?
Why does decreasing the pressure of the system increase the relative volatility of a binary solution?
A good book for learning paper and thin-layer chromatography
How to quantify amount of pigments in plant leaves?
Fluorine reacts with Ammonia
If Alkynes can be reduced to Alkenes using Sodium in liquid ammonia, why can&#39;t Alkenes be reduced to Alkanes?
Structure of Metallic Hydrogen
Acetone and Sodium Hydroxide
Are there any magnetic particles that are safe to inhale?
Which pH indicator will give a dramatic color change with small changes in the amount of carbon dioxide dissolved in water?
Aromatic ring substitution: how are MNT and DNT further nitrated if nitro groups deactivate benzene rings?
What is the actual reason behind PCl₅ existing as an ionic solid?
How fast do electrons move around the nucleus?
What allows all 3 states of H₂O to be present at the same time?
Why is enthalpy of atomization of Mn exceptionally low?
Why is a hydroxyl group more activating than a methoxy group in electrophilic aromatic substitution?
Electrophilic substitution of pyrrole (regioselectivity)
Amine addition to nitro group
Density Functional Theory with Generalized Gradient Approxmations (GGA) - What Happens if the Electron Density Shows a &quot;Kink&quot; at the Ion Position?
Do multielectron atoms have nodes?
What is the major product on chlorination of 2-methylbutane?
Why does basic peroxide react via conjugate addition rather than through direct addition?
Effect of temperature on cooking
How much does the quality of glassware matter, really?
Peracetic acid stability
Hybridization of the oxygen in furan?
Reverse Friedel-Crafts mechanism
What is non-expansion work?
Why does sulphur form S8 instead of S3?
Do core electrons in bulk material have discrete energy levels or continuous energy band?
Difference between radial,planar,angular and spherical nodes
Why do exam questions specify &quot;dilute acid&quot;?
When and why do hot material take heat from cold material?
How quickly does sulfur hexafluoride mix with the atmosphere?
What is palindromic DNA?
What determines whether an aldol reaction will occur again or eliminate?
Why do some chemical symbols contain a single letter while others contain two letters in the periodic table?
Why/how do cloves break down plastic?
Why can you not make a compound with a quaternary alpha carbon using malonic ester?
Are all lattices Bravais lattices?
Truly Understanding the Second Law of Thermodynamics and Entropy
Why is i-butane more stable than n-butane?
Is a 2-D periodic structure isomorphic with the surface of a torus, a sphere, neither or both?
Why is the benzyne triple bond distorted?
Should one pronounce “periodic” the same in “periodic acid” and “periodic table”?
How is silica bead bonded into polystyrene?
Predict XPS Spectrum of Organic Monolayers on a Semiconductor
Solution based measurement of Solvent-Accessible Surface Area of macromolecules
Are these two space groups in a group–subgroup relationship?
What is probability of 3 possible products, between two chemical species
Gel electrophoresis - What causes the DNA fragments to stop?
The most stable furan resonance structures?
Why is Nitric Acid such a strong oxidizing agent?
Bond energies database
How would I calculate the Normality of a 0.00167 molar solution of KIO₃?
Is there any danger of forming explosive reaction products during the electrodeposition in Diethylene glycol?
What is the difference between an ionic and molecular activity model? (Example: Diopside-Hedenbergite)
How does a Brunauer–Emmett–Teller device function?
How do you determine the amount of acrylamide in foods such as baked fries?
What is the difference between temperature and thermodynamic temperature?
What chemicals are present in burnt toast?
What salts are/are not birefringent?
Why is the Gaussian Window Function used to enhance resolution in 1D NMR spectra?
Difference between lab-grade and food-grade purity?
How can I be safe and protect myself using trimethyl tin chloride?
What is burst nucleation?
How to determine stable electron states in ionic and covalent bonds?
Good acid for cleaning marine toilets
Pipetting strong acid with plastic material
How can I identify and neutralize the chemical leaching out of new nitrile gloves?
What legal guidelines exist for completeness of a Materials Safety Data Sheet?
Modeling perturbations of a quantum mechanical system
Moment of inertia for a triatomic molecule
Is there an alternative to the half-reaction method to solving red-ox reactions?
Why must an oxidizer not touch rubber?
Does &quot;covalent&quot; AgCl (aq) exist and if so, how to quantify its concentration?
What components of safety should be included in a chemistry laboratory experiment conclusion?
Does this set of quantum numbers have a unique solution?
Understanding dissolution of CO₂ in Selexol and Rectisol
Is ash fireproof?
Boiling point of vodka
Is there a way to calculate how fast water will cool?
Materials used in metallic glass
Why are noble gases stable?
Is crushing an avocado a chemical or physical change?
Why are isomers difficult to separate?
How can I determine the pH of solution?
What&#39;s the energy density of liquid nitrogen?
How to calculate the solubility of CaF₂ at different temperatures?
Why is tin (II) fluoride more effective in turning apatite into fluorapatite?
How to fluorinate polyethylene?
What is the meaning of &#39;(en)&#39;?
Find mass of CO₂ and heat released per minute in a combustion reaction
Thought Experiment: Applying a high frequency high voltage to methane
Product of reaction. Dimedone and benzaldehyde
Is an explosion merely an exothermic reaction?
Is combustion considered a redox reaction?
Does potential difference or current drive electrolysis?
Clathrate Compounds with Quinone
Extraction of hydrogen and oxygen from water
Can the electrolytes be in gaseous state?
How dangerous is Cobalt (II) Chloride used in silica gel balls?
Source for thermodynamic and/or transport properties
Introduction to modeling chemical reactions
In practice, how dangerous is liquid oxygen as an oxidizing agent?
What are my products in this SN1 reaction, how do I know?
Preparation of alkyl halide from alcohols
Why does chocolate ice cream melt faster than others?
Are different enclosing mark types in chemical names needed to differentiate between substances?
Why does the hydroxide ion have a negative charge?
Correct nomenclature for reaction types
A thermoset or a thermoplastic?
Which materials/compounds expand in response to cold temperatures?
Kinetic energy of electrons emitted in Photoelectron Spectroscopy
Derivation of formula for Degree of Unsaturation
Basis sets that can be used for macrocyclic complexes
Why does the conversion of SO₂ to SO₃ require high pressure?
What is the process for purifying KOH?
Is diamond an allotrope or polymorph of carbon?
Ambiguity in synthesis (crystallization)
What is charge density?
What is a &quot;lagged bath&quot;?
Why are nitrogenous hydrocarbons sometimes colorful?
What will be the major product of this Wurtz reaction?
&quot;Tie-breaker&quot; rules for IUPAC nomenclature of organic compounds
How do you Synthesise Glycosides of flavonoids and stilbenoids?
Is it possible to crystallize a solid ingot of metal from an (acidic) aquaous solution?
Could you estimate the rate of reaction from the chemical structure of the reactants? If so, how?
What is the reaction between Magnesium chloride and Sodium bicarbonate?
Can ammonia be detected by a 1D-1H-NOESY experiment?
How is the time for a test tube in a centrifuge determined?
How can oxygen atoms suddenly appear on the product side of an equation?
Why does water become less dense when it cools
Is there a bifurcation node in the potential energy as a function of reaction progress equation of chemical reactions?
Why are these molecular orbitals invalid for hexatriene?
What is the product when Lithium solid is dropped in water?
Is it possible to calculate chromacity coordinates using absorbance values?
Can you create a buffer with a strong acid?
How do chemists find a procedure to produce a given substance?
What barriers prevent plastic from becoming a fiber optic, data transmission medium?
Obtain chemical insight from neural network results
Interpreting equilibrium equations correctly
What are the factors controlling the fate of post-adhesed volatile molecules of the olfactory epithelium?
Do I really need 4 different water treatment systems with this water analysis?
Tool that generates electrostatic maps of molecules?
Complexes formed by Lanthanides and Actinides
Covalent Bond/Hydrogen Bond
Is it possible to separate salt from food, or at least convert it into something that doesn&#39;t taste salty?
Why does permanent marker writing come off a white board when coated with white board marker?
Energies of atomic orbitals on molecular orbital diagrams
$K_{eq} $ vs $K_c$
Deodorizing using baking powder instead of baking soda
In acidic solution, what does ClO₃⁻ reduce into?
Why do frying pans stick less with heat?
What is the substituent on this benzaldehyde? (MS attached)
How can I know the colour change of this reaction?
How do you change the cis-trans isomerism of compounds?
Did Mendeleev predict the existence of neutrinos?
In aminobenzoic acid, do we have three different pKa&#39;s?
Chemically removing rust without leaving any unwanted residues
How is hydration free energy of a solute measured experimentally?
How many electrons are transferred in this redox reaction?
Correct definition of terminal alkynes?
$K_c$ expression for heterogeneous equilibrium
Entropy, enthalpy, and reversibility
Calculate Ethanol content after heating for N minutes
What does it mean for a reaction to favor the reactants/products?
How can diesel fuel produce less carbon monoxide but more carbon particulates?
Easy-to-do experiments that clearly show outstanding properties of graphene
What is the highest the boiling point of water can be raised?
Surface Functional Groups/Notation
Finding transition states in Gaussian – focus: Electrophilic Addition Reaction
Why is a theoretical titration curve higher than a practical one?
Why is Lanthanum a &quot;fluoride ion sensitive electrode&quot; and hence used for measuring &quot;flouride concentration&quot;?
Is there a word for a compound that has both ionic and covalent bonds?
Esterification of a carboxylic acid and the production of water
Geometrical isomerism in cycloalkenes
How do indicators work when they mixed with each other?
Reaction mechanism of imine reduction to amine using an aluminium amalgam
Can you colour a flame, and what would the effects be?
Effect of vibration on wine quality
Cement strength by moistening
Z* effective charge and Ionization Energy
Safe, easily detectable gas or aerosol for testing fume hoods
Exothermic or Endothermic reactions
What is the heat energy required to perform electrolysis equivalent?
Does an onion completely remove &quot;fresh&quot; paint VOCs and other chemicals emitted?
Azeotropes and separation by distillation?
Why does sodium react with water?
Activity of hydrogen ion
Analytical solution to first-order rate laws
Which are the differences between resonance Raman and fluorescence?
How many molecules of O2 are needed to oxidise 25g of Mg?
Optical isomerism in Co-ordination Compounds
Do you break the metallic bond when you break a metal into two pieces?
Why is nicotinoyl chloride available as its hydrochloride salt? How can we separate them?
What&#39;s the technical term for supercharging an acid with an oxidizer? And does it always work?
What is the structure of 2-methylimidazolate?
Which elements have no liquid form at atmospheric pressure?
What is the principle of diffuse reflectance spectroscopy behind band gap measurement?
What is advantage of creating elements that disappear in a flash?
Which silver halide is the most soluble?
How is it that the equilibrium constant does not depend on mechanism?
Use of Sulphuric Acid in Crystallization
Will compressed hydrogen float in air?
Molecular chirality and optical rotation
Would Chlorine or Chloramine gas show up on a VOC test?
Hybridisation of the Carbon in an Carbanion
What substance is used for staining brass?
Thermodynamic cell efficiency clarifications?
How are the following aromatic?
Electrolysis of Aqueous copper (II) nitrate
Why is fluoroantimonic acid so strong?
How much water vapour can a gram of Uppsalite absorb at NTP?
Is the reactivity of Benzene with an -N(R)₃⁺ group greater than its reactivity with an -NH₃⁺ group?
Photochemical ligand substitution of metal carbonyls - role of water cooled lamp-jacket?
Copper oxidation
Calculation of Atomic weight percentage in AAS
How to figure out the state of aggregation of an unknown substance via properties of a chemical equilibrium in a closed system?
Absolute limits on solubility of immiscible solutes?
Is it possible to light a match by scratching it on hard surfaces, like they do in movies?
What units do I use for energy in the Boltzmann distribution?
Do chaotropic and kosmotropic affects occur in polar non-aqueous media?
Internal vs external steam distillation
Toilet spray effect
Is there any substance that&#39;s a 0-0-0 on the NFPA diamond?
Isothermal vs. adiabatic compression of gas in terms of required energy
What is the edge of a diamond like?
Ozonolysis conditions for Benzene
What&#39;s up with SiO₂ being tetrahedral?
What can cause artesian well water to smell?
Does minimizing ANY type of energy ALWAYS predict a state of equilibrium?
Plastics for food packaging
Spontaneity of an exothermic reaction when temperature is decreased
In Thomson&#39;s atomic model, why did he not assume that there are positively charged particles embedded in a negatively charged sphere?
Why is cyclopentyne unstable?
What is the approximate lifetime of an $S_N2$ transition state complex?
Viscosity of two different solutions
Can I synthesize iron acetate like this?
Why do bubbles form when it rains?
What are the dimensions of a and b in van der Waal&#39;s real gas formula?
Comparing acidity of substituted and aromatic carboxylic acid
Comparison of ionization enthalpies of Cs and Fr
Program that simulates basic reactions in organic chemistry
How to predict a COSY NMR spectra for an AMX spin system?
Chemical Spill in Charleston, West Virginia
Suggest methods and basis sets for a variety of systems
What chemical properties make LSD so psychoactive?
How to demonstrate the safety of wearing leather shoes in the chemistry lab?
Distilled water to clean greasy stains: Why does that work?
Splitting of $d$ orbitals when ligands approach central metal ion
What does the negative superscript in the term symbol for ground state Oxygen stand for?
Can polyatomic ions (CO₃ ,PO₄ ,SO₄ ,NO₃ ) be considered conjugated systems?
How to achieve clean dishes and glasses?
Reaction of alkenes with Br₂ in presence of NaCl
Variable oxidation state of transition metal ions
Stability of superoxides of alkali metals
Ester as a solvent
Can luciferin + ATP → luciferyl adenylate + PPi be reversed?
How do I derive the Nernst equation in the case in which R is absent?
What&#39;s the mechanism of the reaction of (E)-methyl 3-(furan-2-yl)acrylate in acidic methanol?
Is there a name for the pair (c, R), where c is the stoichiometric coefficient of a reactant R in some chemical reaction?
The significance of the dissociation constant of an indicator
Why does HCl ionize in water?
Is pitchblende the same as Uraninite?
What chemical reaction can cause this blue-ish deposit?
Spectrophotometric assay by pNPP
Why is this organic compound trans, and not cis?
What&#39;s Standardization, and why do it?
what chemicals cause the smell of a septic tank?
Do I need a license or certificate to practice chemistry or what are the advantages if did have one?
Maximum pressure that can be produced by a combustion reaction
Activated Complex Products/Reactants
Does benzene have isomers and resonance structures?
What is a product of water ionization ?
How many grams of each substance will be present at equilibrium?
calculating Kp with partial pressures
Learning Chemistry With Software?
What is the term for the amount of volume change at a phase boundary?
Why does the equilibrium constant depend on the temperature but not on pressure and concentration?
How do I perform a gravimetric analysis of Portland cement?
What is a complete reaction?
How to determine polarity in large molecules?
Why do electrons follow from Zn to Cu but not Cu to Zn in the lemon battery experiment?
Alginate nanoparticles
What is &quot;stuffy&quot;/&quot;stale&quot; air composed of?
Coconut aldehyde mechanism
Deriving goldman equation
Conceptualizing Multiple Equilibria
Reaction Pathways: What to do when IRC geometries are relaxed (optimized) and the energy changes significantly
Time taken in changing surface tension
What type of intermolecular forces will dominate Diethyl ether?
Could someone please explain the difference between m/z and m/e in mass spectroscopy
Rate Constant Units and Eyring Equation
Possible methods for copper (II) reduction to copper (I)
Structure of Fe1C13H10O2
The bond in coordination complexes
Oxalic acid structure
Why is dialysis tubing impermeable to sucrose?
Why weren&#39;t the electrons attracted to doubly charged Helium particles in the Rutherford experiment?
Avoiding snow melting with salt
Reaction between hydrogen peroxide and ozone
Why lanthanides and actinides are shown separate from standard periodic table layout?
Why does cyclopropane give bromine water test?
Why is a volumetric flask shaped the way it is?
How many signals would be seen in total in the 13C NMR spectrum
How do I take chemistry notes on Mac?
Migratory aptitude in pinacol-pinacolone rearrangement
Is this textbook bonding picture of hybridization in ethene wrong?
Assessing fire hazard of compounds
Equation Balancing Paradox
MacGyvered chlorine gas protection
Demountable simple fume hood
Validity of Henry&#39;s Law for an Oxygen/Bitumen System?
Thermodynamics adding salt to water changes the temperature
Solvent for copper(I) iodide, copper(I) thiocyanate, silver iodide for HTM deposition; safety for methylammonium lead iodide
How to calculate the amount of chlorine emitted yearly by a leak in the air conditioning system?
Is there any emerged master principle in chemistry, like the theory of evolution in biology?
Electrolysis of Water
Meaning of depiction of atomic orbitals
How is Melatonin Synthesised?
Is the bond enthalpy of S-O stronger in SO₃ or SO₃&#178;⁻?
Is Bond Formation &quot;Strictly&quot; Exothermic?
Do buffers only work for species of the opposite variety? (I.e. weak acids buffer strong bases and vice versa)
Does this activation of carbonyls usually involve a SN1 or a SN2?
Hydrogen halide acidity
Why do cotton clothes take a longer time to dry as compared to synthetic clothes?
How to calculate the pH of a buffered solution with Henderson Hasselbalch?
Why is the water reduction of oxygen favored in acidic conditions?
Why does the Wurtz reaction form such an unstable compound with torsional strain?
Can there be a reaction in which nuclear fission or fusion takes place along with atomic recombination?
Why is CaCl2 called Calcium chloride?
Differentiating between Titration, Buffer, diluted buffer, Deionized H₂O
Supercritical Steam Expansion
What is Sodium Chloride like in gas state?
gas: moles and pressure
Intermolecular Hydrogen Bonding
Why is the enthalpy of vaporization greater than the enthalpy of fusion?
Determine the ΔH for the reaction in kJ/mol of ethanol?
How does a Microbial Fuel Cell work?
The definition of formal Charge
Safety when handling cyclohexylamine in non-industrial amounts
Shape Of Cetyl Alcohol
Why do different alcohols have different effects on the brain?
What is the proper Lewis structure for HCOOH?
Why Aren&#39;t Chlorides Of The Noble Gases As Prevalent As Their Fluorides?
Atomic radii of Sc,Ti and Fe,Co
How to obtain product ratio from energy differences via Boltzmann statistics
If CO2 is nonpolar how come much more dissolves in water than O2?
IBrF2 - van der Waals repulsions - and number of unique bond angles
Are homemade batteries economically practical?
Difference between nickel catalyst and Raney nickel catalyst
Organic chemistry textbook for self-learning?
Cleavage of Ethers
How can I reverse engineer a commercial cleaning solution&#39;s &quot;other ingredients&quot;?
How can I determine the chemical composition of local rocks and minerals?
Why do unbonded electrons exist in pairs?
How dangerous is taking a bath in Coca Cola?
Why does ozone have an electrostatic potential map similar to that of SO2?
Why is O2 a biradical?
Environmental Alkylating Agents
Disposing of Hazardous Waste: General
Nitrogen dioxide dimerization
Making Zn in school lab
Why can the lone pair not align with the phenyl moiety in 2,6-xylidine?
How does sulfuric acid dehydrate sugars?
How to calculate the equilibrium composition after a change in partial pressure of one component?
Is working in the chemistry lab hazardous to health in the long term?
Most negative and most positive value for proton chemical shifts
HI/P reduction mechanism
Differences between chemical physics and physical chemistry?
What is the bond angle of water?
Ozone resonance structure: differing opinions
What&#39;s the order of oxidising strength of the oxyacids of Chlorine?
Length of copper wire in 1 lb spool
Show proposed mechanism is consistent with the experimental rate law
Is 4-nitrobenzaldehyde or 4-aminobenzaldehyde more likely to be hydrated?
Significant figures used to imply stated error?
What happens if you autoclave HEPES?
Electron distribution in a C-S bond
Adjusting PBS with HCl: pH drift after dilution of phosphate buffer
What are the correct resonance structures of bromoethene?
Is the Ocean acidification inconsistent with the Bjerrum plot?
Determining redox half-reactions of single displacement reactions
Do electrons only fill &#39;spin up&#39; first? Or could it start filling &#39;down spins&#39; first?
How much energy does it cost to have electron configurations that are not in accordance with Hund&#39;s rules?
Do dark lines on porcelain dishes indicate usage of aluminium for the color?
Why is magnesium hydroxide not hygroscopic?
What is the molecular mechanism of ammonia&#39;s toxicity?
Why are d-d electronic transitions forbidden and weakly absorbing? Why do they occur at all?
Is the colour of leaves due to d-d transitions in chlorophyll?
How do electrons travel through nodes
Correlation between the virial coefficients and a &amp; b in the corresponding Van Der Waals equation of state
Would equal masses of gold and copper result in the same volume change if added to water?
Unknown anion (one carbon and two nitrogen atoms, charge 2-)
Can every conductor be electroplated using copper and sulphuric acid?
Symmetry labels for orbitals
How to interpret the MSDS warning?
What actually is the Wavefunction?
Why does Zn react with NaOH?
Is Pyrene Aromatic?
Where to find common inorganic/organometallic molecules?
Contactless non-ferrous metals hardening?
Determining the Packing Geometry of Compounds
Standard electrode potential for electrolytic vs galvanic cells
HCl/diethyl ether + Nitrogen?
Heat of combustion for Octane
Which proton is more acidic in this compound?
Asymmetry in trigonal bipyramidal geometry
How does sugammadex (a modified cyclodextrin) draw rocuronium into its lipophilic cavity?
Why is KF the most ionic compound?
How does copper reduce dilute nitric acid to nitric oxide and concentrated nitric acid to nitrogen dioxide?
Why doesn&#39;t calcium carbonate dissolve in water even though it is an ionic compound?
Is graphene chemically reactive?
Complicated reaction mechanism
How does aminoguanidine interfere with the formation of advanced glycation endproducts?
Proof that Equilibrium Constant is a Ratio of Rate Constants
Empirical formula of Berthollides
how to measure dissolved oxygen?
Electrolysis of a solution of zinc sulfate
How to derive the nuclear spin of 23Na?
Is the Kekule structure of benzene completely wrong?
Confusion about the relationship between free energy and kinetic energy for reacting gases
Why doesn&#39;t the Brady&#39;s test (2,4-DNPH) work on carboxylic acids?
What holds atoms together?
Will I get bromine by electrolysis of the brine from the Dead Sea?
Mechanism for hydroxyethylation on nucleobases (e.g. Thymine)
Ultraviolet acid base indicator
D/L Configuration
Why do glucose, galactose and mannose differ in solubility in water?
Most effective means of removing coffee stains from carpet
Osmium tetroxide and meta-chloroperoxybenzoic acid
&quot;There are no chemical cliffs&quot;
Volume of different gas in a container
why does a glass tube show white bands after being heated with a torch?
How does a redox reaction between ClO- and Br- take place?
Real life chemistry :boiling carrot dices
How can I determine the number of possible pairs of diastereomers?
What should the Rehm-Weller equation look like?
Dehydration of secondary alcohol reaction. (E1 Reaction)
How do I isolate calcium from calcium carbonate?
Does it matter if all rust is removed before it is painted over?
Why is this procedure containing a mistake? Among other questions
How is the energy of reactants in a chemical reaction found ?
Finding rate constant at different temperature
Symmetry representations
Yttrium -- rare earth or transition metal?
What happens if the electronegativity difference is exactly 2.1?
How to get the reducible representations of the B-B and the B-Cl bond of B2Cl4
Sn2: Neopentyl halides and Methyl Halides. Are neopentyl halides completely inert? Even to small Nucleophiles?
Are there carbon-silicon alloys?
Why is ammonia so much more basic than water?
Role of Alcohols(EtOH,MeOH) in nitro reduction used for Metal(Sn,Fe)
What is &#39;equality&#39; of chemical bonds?
How ‘lively’ would this ‘health’ potion be?
How can double compounds like XeO4 form tetrahedral structures despite having double bonds?
Why concentrated sulfuric acid for dehydration and dilute for hydration?
Why is there a doublet instead of a singlet in this Wittig reaction salt configuration NMR?
How are Phenols made?
Cleaning up equipment contaminated with ethidium bromide?
Do chemicals have an expiry date?
Does inversion of configuration necessitate reversed optical rotation?
why does hydroquinone have non zero dipole moment?
What makes elements radioactive?
What do short-range and long-range corrections mean in DFT methods?
Is the Nitrogen in pyridine electron withdrawing and what effect does this have on electrophilic substitution?
Why is the +3 oxidation state of Cerium more stable than +4?
What is the reaction mechanism of a 5-endo-trig cyclization?
Why does pasta become sticky after being cooked?
Why is water transparent?
More acidic - protonated carbonyl or protonated hydroxyl?
Can you concentrate alcohol by evaporating the aqueous solution at room temp and collecting on a cold surface?
Do water hybrid cars really exist?
Rationalizing enamine stabilities
How to Determine Acid Strength?
Phase diagrams (weird region)
Carbocation rearrangement in alkene addition reaction
Organic synthesis problems
Does Iron (III) Sulfate react with copper?
IUPAC name for a compound
A misunderstanding about the energy profile of reactions with a catalyst involved
What defines an element&#39;s taste?
What do atoms look like?
Current in Battery
Why do esters actually smell?
Why &quot;bromine&quot; as opposed to &quot;bromine water&quot; as a reagent to produce 1,2-dibromopropane?
What is the resonance structure of nitro-aminobenzene with a broken aromaticity?
Experiment to prove that water has air
The use of ice water in an experiment
Can a single monomer be a macromolecule? If so, when?
C-H Bond Dissociation Energy varies with substitution
How do epoxys cross-link?
What properties of an element determines the maximum number of bonds it can make?
Why does superglue ignite cotton?
Can you have addition polymerisation with monomers other than alkenes?
Expressions for constant volume and constant pressure heat capacities
Is there an authoritative list of chemical reactions/transformations?
Benzotriazole to o-phenylenediamine
Experiments in chemistry involving use of stereo microscope?
why do 2 atomic orbitals form 2 molecular orbitals?
Why does Cobalt have different coordination numbers in its complexes with water and thiocyanate?
Is it possible to make broad spectrum light absorbing paint?
In the elementary steps of a reaction, why do we assume that the coefficients of a reactant corresponds to its order?
What value of temperature does T represent in Gibbs Free Energy Equation?
Drying Clothes Outside Below Freezing
Heat given off from an electrochemical cell compared to mixing reactants
Why does a liquids height in a Barometer depend linearly on pressure?
What is the mechanism by which sugars glycate proteins?
Bonds within complex anions
Why does water change phase so easily?
How to activate charcoal
Is there a pressure dependent function for freezing points of water and carbon dioxide?
Is it possible to make metal fulminates?
What does it mean if a functional group has &quot;higher priority&quot; in terms of IUPAC naming of organic compounds?
Gibbs Free Energy : What is it trying to say actually?
Electronegativity and HCl and HF molecules
Making three membered ring using different reactants
CO poisoning - What I&#39;ve been taught is a hoax?
How are nuclei stable?
Why is predicting products of chemical reactions difficult?
What happens to the NADH produced by lactate oxidation?
What&#39;s the difference between perfect and ideal gas?
What is Nano Zinc Oxide?
Magnetic stirrer with hot plate
How do I make a dysprosium chloride solution from dysprosium oxide?
What are the biochemical ramifications of ingesting of distilled water?
Friedel-Crafts Alkylation and hybridization
Acetylation reaction
Formula of entropy change
Why are sp hybridized carbocations high energy?
Non-Newtonian substance - Tahini
Does NaOH react with K to form NaOK or KOH?
Is it possible to extract magnesium from epsom salt
Why does SnCl2 occur despite the octet rule?
How to calculate bond enthalpies from first principles?
Memorizing the periodic table
What type of organic compounds are used in OLED technology?
Why is oxygenated water not H2O2?
How exactly are molecules detected in space?
What are some popular science books in chemistry?
Which orbitals of the hydrogen atom are degenerate for n=3?
On the stability of deuterium
Which chemical reactions occur between my tongue and the food I eat?
Oxidation State of the Sulfur atoms in the Thiosulfate Ion
Lifetime measurement: double peak in instrument response function
Wavelength of iPhone 4S camera light for visible spectroscopy calibration
Grignard formation and vicinal dihalides
About purifying ethanol - What type of ethanol?
What property of zinc chromate makes it a good anticorrosion paint
Kinetics vs Thermodynamics
Why is ozone an electrophile in the ozonolysis reaction?
How to buy 1g of enzyme that is sold in units/mg?
How do we know whether we will get a mono substituted or tri-substituted product during electrophilic aromatic substitution?
Preparation of oxalic acid from acetylene
How to take water-dispersed PEDOT:PSS and disperse it in an organic solvent?
Ionic equation for reaction of iron (ii) chloride and zinc?
Solubility of Noble Gases
Is water a better nucleophile than bromide?
Can I make a buffer from two different weak acids or bases?
In molecular orbital theory, why does s-p mixing in the dinitrogen molecule not effect the 1σᵤ orbital?
Addition reaction of alkene
Why does temperature affect cell potential?
Ozonolysis of nitronate
Is s-p mixing referring to hybridization or is it the mixing of one atoms s orbital with the other&#39;s p orbital?
Diels-Alder rate of reaction
Post-Hartree Fock Methods
How does NMO reform Osmium tetroxide after reaction with an alkene?
Are all strong bases alkalis?
Safe yet strong exothermic reaction?
Order of electrophilic substitution
Boiling aluminum in high-alkalinity water
How is a free radical on allylic position more stable than at Benzylic position?
Which is more stable ? - A carbanion on a vinylic position or a carbanion on a benzylic position
Which is more stable ? - A carbanion on benzene ring or a carbanion on a vinylic carbon on an aliphatic chain?
Wine resveratrol buccal delivery questions
Pre heat coal before burning
Equivalence ratio explained
Why doesn&#39;t the double bond get preference for suffix in IUPAC naming of an Hydrocarbon when both double bond and triple bond are present together?
Why is ionic strength (mu) calculated differently for these 2 examples?
Can I react a Grignard reagent (ethylmagnesium bromide) with water and then ammonia?
Will all thermodynamic equations have a linear dependence with moles?
How to predict the &#179;&#185;P NMR spectra?
Why does the &quot;gap&quot; between atomic radii get smaller down the periodic table?
Which gas makes Orange juice bottles swell?
How to remove a stuck stopper from a flask
Why do the pennies in the pre/post 1982 penny experiment sometimes dissolve completely?
Chalky residue from melted ice cubes
Attack of amine on amide
1H NMR Broad peaks
How many critical points? Why?
Why does Fe(CO)₄ adopt a tetrahedral, as opposed to square planar, geometry?
Is there an experiment that visibly shows the effects of metastability?
Possible Synthesis of MVK from 2-Butanone?
What is an orbital boundary surface?
Pt[BrCl(PR₃)₂] cis, trans isomer nmr - Which is cis and which is trans?
Please explain the following graph for a quantum mechanical harmonic oscillator
How does a catalyst affect the rate equation
Why is 2-methylpropene less in energy than its alkene counterparts?
Why is p-methoxyphenol more acidic than p-methylphenol?
Why do E2 reactions (dehydrohalogenation) only occur when the hydrogen and leaving group are in the same plane?
Isn&#39;t the mass of a carbon 12 equal to a mass of 6 neutron + 6 proton + 6 electron?
What is meant by word on arrow?
Acidity In Organic Compounds
Are there any STP liquids not containing large amounts of hydrogen and oxygen that are safe for human contact?
How chemically homogeneous is air?
Finding identities of diatomics from Spectroscopy and Mass Spec Data
Comparing SN2 reaction rates
Why use a salt bridge at all in an electrochemical cell?
Definitive Guide To Removing Stains From Baby Clothes
Learning about explosives
What is involved in this firey demonstration?
Why are C6 dispersion forces named C6?
How to store methanol
Can weathering change the composition of something so that it appears different?
Why macromolecule ligands such as Crown ethers form more stable complexes than open chain ligands?
NaClO Concentration
Abnormal termination of GAMESS in frequencies calculation
Why are so many wave functions associated with hydrogen?
Carbonyl electrophilic reactivity
Can any atom donate more than 1 lone pair as a coordinate bond to the same metal?
What forces keep a cotton fiber together?
Can carbon monoxide contaminate water?
Benzylic Oxidation of Cyclic Molecules Using KMnO₄
How does one determine the relative basicity of a nitrogen in a molecule?
Why is Lithium the strongest reducing agent, and not Cesium?
Is there a way to turn alcohol into a solid gel?
Effect of different electron withdrawing/transition state stabilising groups in nucleophillic aromatic substitution
Determining the H+ Concentration of Na3PO4
What is the difference between ΔG and ΔG &quot;with an o on top&quot;?
Why is there a difference in the colours of K₂Cr₂O₇ and K₂CrO₄?
Fluorination with xenon difluoride
Determine how many gauche interactions?
Do hard drive platters contain toxic chemicals?
What is the difference between melting and dissolving?
Why does activated carbon preferentially adsorb anions?
Blue Silica Gel more harmful than the orange ones?
How do I calculate the degree of dissociation in equilibrium?
Synthesis of Chloroquine from 7-Chloro-3-Amino quinoline
Adulteration of turmeric with Metanil yellow
What is the correct name for this lab technique [crystallization]
Material which fits certain required properties
How to find the band gap for a compound?
Diamond filtering - is it real or bogus?
Samsung&#39;s S-Plasma Ion - scientific basis
Can nanotechnology reduce electrode losses in electrochemical cells?
Radiation time vs. half life period
How can I compute the temperature change from the de-excitation of excited particle species?
What is the energy package released to the outside world?
What is the name of cyclopropane with a double bond?
What chemicals could absorb/adsorb ambient atmospheric methane?
How to compute the residence time for given flow rate in standard cubic meters?
Why don&#39;t atoms with expanded valence shells have a formal charge?
Is tin and tinware toxic?
Why do collisions in elementary reactions of higher-orders appear to be more likely?
Inherent error in mass and volume?
Calculate the heat capacity of the calorimeter?
Why doesn&#39;t water play a role in reactions in aqueous reactions?
How do I find change in Gibbs free energy of this reaction?
Energy of the n-th level for an atom
How does hot tub &quot;shock&quot; work?
How do I balance this combustion reaction?
Is there a way to detect bleach residue on a surface?
What&#39;s the name of this electrolysis device?
Calculating laser wavelength/power to cause emission of light in a gas?
When considering Van der Waals forces, why do dipoles form?
Why does milk flake?
How do surfactants spread in the case of multiple materials?
Cleaning a round-bottom flask, especially after distillation
If gases turn into liquids under pressure, what does carbon dioxide turn into?
Breakdown of valine
Which C-C bond would break first, the one in ethane, or 2,2-dimethylpropane?
Compounds that vary water&#39;s superheated and supercritical limits
Is there a household method to decolorize potentially contaminated water?
Which theta should be taken from xrd pattern for calculating Scherrer&#39;s equation
Is half-full rule and full rule allowed on 6th and 7th period?
Which conformer of Beta D-glucose is more stable
Is it okay for a sulfite ion to have 10 electrons around the sulfur?
Why can dissolution reactions (e.g. dissolution of calcium chloride) be exothermic?
Non-Commercial Thermal Insulation
Electronegativity of zinc vs copper in galvanic cell
Why is my NaCl solution seemingly saturated, when I followed the recipe for an isotonic solution?
Is phenolphthalein used in laminar wood construction panels?
How can I find pKa from a titration curve?
Why water can&#39;t mix with oil or cooking oil?
How do you Synthesise a Fatty Acid Amide?
How does one synthesise 2-Monoglycerides from Triglycerides?
Hydrazine synthesis
Homemade Rocket Fuel and Engine
How can I produce hydrogen gas efficiently and cheaply?
Is the vinegar and baking soda experiment safe for children?
Periodic Trends
What will be the Ozonolysis product?
How do you create primary amines from alcohols?
Electronegativity
How would you go about synthesising amino sugars from sugars?
Is it possible to estimate a substance&#39;s water solubility from data like the substance&#39;s partition coefficient, dissociation constants, etc.?
What commonly availible salts are strong dessicants?
Why is there a max radius for an orbit of an electron around a nucleus?
How might one reduce the concentration of bubbles in their ice, from ice cube trays?
How do you Benzylate (add a benzene group to) cyclic compounds?
Are pesticides used on fruit easily washed off?
How to extract elemental Bismuth from pepto bismol?
Why does electrolysis take so much time?
What causes Copper Rose?
Why does attractive forces of nucleus increase more than shielding across groups?
How can you estimate how much of a substance will dissolve in a given lipid?
How would you Synthesise LY-293,284?
What is the mechanism of functionalisation of nanoparticle using long chain alcohols
Nitrogen triodide energetics
Hydrogen - its place in the Periodic Table
How can I control the oxygen in an erlenmeyer flask in a bioprocess?
How would I select the strongest Plastic Material?
Influence of solubility at different pHs on the complexation constants
Quantum dot band gap energy equation
How can a substance be diluted to nothing?
large wavelength range and list of x/y numerical data points of elements
What is the reaction between Oxalic Acid and Potassium Permanganate?
Database for molecular dipole transition moments?
Are there computer searches for new theoretical minerals in a similar vein to Folding@Home or SETI@Home?
Stir bar size and volume to stir
Unique calling code for a chemical reaction
Chemical reaction calculator
Solubility of Calcium Fluoride in water
Delta G for Standard Hydrogen Electrode reaction
Is it possible to produce graphene out of air?
How was the quantum 3-Body problem solved?
How does Sodium Bicarbonate act as a Deodorizing agent?
Presumptive test for modafinil?
How, chemically, would you remove protruding phenyl groups?
Is there a specific term for reactions of the form A + B → C + D?
Number of bonds in a Lewis Structure
How am I to interpret the phrase &quot;a solution of acid&quot;?
How to calculate the pH of a buffer after HCl was added?
Why are the oxide materials insulating?
Isopropyl alcohol forming peroxides
Removing wine stains from a decanter
Source of the no. of isomers in alkanes, and other organic molecules
Approximation of electron density of a small molecule
Electrolysis: Water to Hydrogen gas?
Relative racemisation in SN1 reaction?
Why does molten plastic (PLA) stick to metals (AL)?
Pronunciation of &quot;alkene&quot; vs. &quot;alkyne&quot;
Strongest chloride complex as perdicted by HSAB theory
What is the effect of substituting oxygen with sulfur in drug molecules?
Why Inductive effect operates only through single bonds?
Consumer Report for Lab Equipment
Prediction of surface atoms in molecule from its graph
Degradation mechanism of hydroxymethylfurfural to 2,5-dioxo-3-hexenal and 4-oxopentanoic acid
In Goodman and Gilman what does R,S-citalopram refer to?
Chemical methods to extract Oxygen from Rust
On the scale of stuff with a pH
Are metals hydrogen bond acceptors or donors?
Integrated rate law graphs
Tetrahedron is minimum energy conformation for atom with 4 electron domains in VSEPR theory
Making a saturated solution of Na₂CO₃
How to detect harmful gas occurence in carboy bottle
Finding Pv in Pv=nRT for molecular hydrogen
Create my own solar cells?
How do chemists decide on which detergent to use?
Flame temperature for cooking food
How do I chill water without a refrigerator?
Why do molecules having a higher $M_r$ have stronger inter-molecular forces?
Oxidation State in Tetraaquadichlorochromium(III) chloride
Forms of Henry&#39;s law versus ideal gas law
What is the substance in the new water cooler filter that give bubbles and taste a bit like soap
Parts of a manometer
A few questions about the conditions of the Diels Alder Reactions
What is the condensation point of water?
Cathodic protection of aluminium
How to chemically postpone a chemical reaction
How do you calculate the absorption spectrum of water?
Having problems running DFTB using dftb.org parameter files on Gauss 09 (G09)?
Can natural gas appliances run on Hydrogen?
Photosynthesis, science fair
Electrolysis of molten Calcium Chloride: Identifying the product
Is the electronegativity value ever used in calculations, or is it just a number assigned to each element?
Soil-solution cations in competition for exchange sites
Different reactions of clean and rusty iron nails in vinegar (acetic acid)
Is this relation in case of a mixture of ideal gases valid?
Gold nanoparticles in a water/oil environment
Why are partial molar Gibbs energy and Gibbs energy per mol equal?
Counting valency of atoms, in a molecule with python
At what temperature will proteins and fats boil in a vacuum?
Bond of interest
Less maintenance-dependent continuous pH testing
Material that is flexible when cold but comes brittle when hot
What is the best way to detect the presence of tear gas?
Determine concentration Using Beer&#39;s law
Does caffeine isolated from coffee contain harmane?
Would concentration of a compound in equilibrium increase even if it&#39;s not favored by a volume decrease?
Which gems can be prepared on a small scale basis?
How can one test if a ruby is real?
Reaction of an electrode
Dead-body Ashes: biodegradable or not?
Lines on inside of hexagonal shapes of structure diagrams
How can I calculate the energy of a solution by knowing all of it&#39;s elements?
How to determine an oxidation number of an atom in the compound, that has at least two elements, which are not hydrogen or oxygen?
Finding electron configuration of Lanthanide-ions
How do we actually know the chemical structure of a compound?
Which computational method/basis set should I use for small molecular ions?
Structure of N₅P₃?
Maximum oxidized compound
Thermodynamics behind Deliquescence?
Is it possible to react two distinct carboxylic acids to form a dicarbonyl ester?
Why is AlMg3 called aluminum alloy?
Notation &quot;5% solution&quot;
Is it possible to create an acid anhydride that&#39;s stable in water and if so what conditions must its structure satisfy?
Oxidation state of metal in metal oxo complexes always positive?
How much heat is required to dehydrate a hydrate?
How can geometric isomerism arise due to steric factors?
NaHCO₃ + HNO₃ -&gt; NaNO₃ + H₂O + CO₂ ... but something weird happens to me in practice
Does the hydrolysis speed increase when more H+ ions are in the solution?
Are sulfonyl-carboxylates stable in water?
How to get the freeze point of mixed liquids?
Which reaction between Lugol and Hydrogen peroxide?
Why do buffers need to be composed of equal amounts of the acid and salt?
Why do the reactions of Magnesium in steam and cold water differ?
What is the reaction mechanism for the hydrolysis of Amifostine?
Calculate vapor pressure from volume
The ionization energy of H₂⁺ molecule ion
How did the first amino acids appear on earth?
Bayer-Villiger Reaction - Migratory Aptitude
How do we represent a molecule in text form?
Lone pair electrons on secondary carbon vs primary carbon
References to draw 3D molecules with directionality of non-bonding electron pairs and p-orbitals
How to calculate the probability of finding an electron in a box between 0.25L and 0.75L?
Why was anhydrous magnesium carbonate “upsalite” discovered so late?
How to make artificial sea water
The violation of a certain rule or principle in the following electronic configuration
Energy required to remove an electron from He
What can you use to remove hair gel?
Heating copper wire and sulfur powder
How to calculate crystal field stabilisation energy?
Carbon Free energy vs Temperature Diagram
Solvated solids
Why are there free electrons in a metal?
How to change CO₂ to a less polluting gas?
Which atoms form which elements?
Symmetry and stability of a molecule (Jahn-Teller Distortion)
How do I start studying chemical nomenclature?
Homemade reactor for water cooling
How did Halogens become known as Halogens? They are not the only elements that form salts!
Why sponge can&#39;t absorb mercury
What is the definition of organic compounds?
How to calculate the heat capacity of a calorimeter based on a neutralisation reaction?
Does hydrogen peroxide exhibit intramolecular hydrogen bonding interactions?
Is ionic bond just formed by &quot;electrostatic&quot; interaction between two oppositely charged ions?
Why does MgCl2 lower the freezing temperature, and how does it do so?
Why do they use graphite anodes in the Hall-Heroult process?
Why do C-F bond has less dipole moment than C-Cl bond?
How would substitution reaction results differ between reacting halides with a tertiary bromoalkane vs reacting it with a primary bromoalkane?
What chemicals cause the acrid smell of burning food?
Functional group naming order?
Finding the percent of calcium carbonate in commercial antacid by using back titration
Propagation of uncertainty
What&#39;s the convention for the symbols of enthalpies of formation, reaction, etc.?
How are non-Stoichiometric compounds determined?
Why does Ruthenium only have one electron in its 5s orbital in the neutral oxidation state?
Evaporating the water of a solution of only carbonate ions and water gives?
Why are NaCl and NaBr not soluble, whereas NaI is soluble in acetone (in the Finkelstein reaction)?
Why does a wood fire create benzene?
How does shock trigger nucleation of gasses dissolved in a liquid?
How do I calculate the normality of NaBrO3?
Bonding and nodes with molecular orbitals
Phase diagram analysis
Crossed aldol condensation products?
Are these two reactions equivalent?
Why distinguish between polarity and hydrophobicity?
De-/protonation of R-OH group by acids and bases
Best consumption-safe liquid for caffeine solubility?
How do I remove free biotin after biotin-protein conjugation?
Why does the excitation and emission spectrum of a fluorescent molecule have overlap?
Difference between reversible and irreversible thermodynamic process
Critical separation at which molecule breaks
Explaining redox reactions to a 6 year old?
Difference between sodium ion and a transition metal ion dissolving in water?
How do I determine the temperature at which a dissolved substance evaporates?
How can I avoid crystallisation of sugars in vinegar at low temperatures?
How can I generally determine which bonds are longest/shortest in a molecule?
Why Cl⁻ can&#39;t act as bidentate ligand?
How to identify ionic compounds
Crossed Cannizzaro products
Ionic or covalent bond
Why is current non-zero when applied potential is still below E$^0$ in cyclic voltammetry?
What is going on in this reaction?
Iodate ion (IO3-). Is it polar or non-polar?
What are the units of P and V when R is expressed in terms of J/mol-K?
Could micrograms of polonium really change the viscosity of a whole teapot?
Intuition for electrode potential
What&#39;s the reddish powder that oozes out of a black rock?
Is aromaticity of the 4 aromatic amino acids affected by pH?
Does using stonger soaps help me lose weight?
Enthalpy change in an adiabatic system
Determine compound acidity based on structure
How do I distinguish internal energy and enthalpy?
Plutonium having more oxidation states than samarium?
How do you determine a chemical formula given the molecule&#39;s crystal structure?
Is it possible to cut yourself on pyrite?
Carcinogens, how do they work?
Are there natural conditions that could enable the formation of noble gas compounds?
How can different no. of unpaired electrons lead to different colours of co-ordination compounds?
Looking for raw interferogram data / raw FID data from FT-IR / FT-NIR / FT-NMR
Non-hardening adhesive
Decomposition products of PET
How to read a given chemical formula?
What&#39;s the difference between mass spectrometry, mass spectroscopy, and mass spectrography?
How to synthesize t-Boc protected derivative of PVA
Why does hydrogen so easily take the place of oxygen in organic molecules during reduction reactions?
What does it mean by degree of aromaticity of a molecule?
To which state of matter does the flame belong to?
Would trans hydride ligands on a metal complex be beneficial for a catalyst?
Smelly matters in urine - do they have lower or higher boiling point than water?
Is a diamond a single molecule?
Epsom salts - heavy metal contamination myth?
How to find the sequence of a nonapeptide based on separation experiments?
Are all PP(Polypropylene), i.e. resin code 5 plastics, safe for microwave and steaming?
How to calculate the frequency of cyclohexane conformational interconversion?
cooling/refrigeration essentiality for carbonated softdrinks
Why don&#39;t B, C, Si, have ionic forms?
Why is absorbance spectrum continuous and not quantized?
What are the products of a bromination reaction?
Determining standard Gibbs free energy for water?
How does CrF₆&#179;⁻ hybridize?
Riemer-Tiemann reaction products
For a given teabag and dunking duration - will I get more caffeine in a bigger cup or the same amount?
Organic Chemistry- Hyper-conjugation
Can we goldify metals?
What are the products of the dissociation of NaHCO3 in water? What is the relative pH of the solution?
Dihydrogen monoxide
Alcohol irregularities in Hydrogen NMR
existence and stability of Bifluoride ion
Protactinium-234 half-life
How to properly denote imaginary magnitudes of vibrational frequencies
Intermolecular forces in secondary amines compared to primary amines
Molecule with 13 total electrons
Evaporation velocity of ethanol: adding ethanol vapour to a gas mixture
Are all organic molecules with odd-numbered electron count radicals?
What would explain urine that resists freezing?
Does supersaturated caffeine polymerize?
Thermodynamic stability of benzene ring
Why does helium seem to exhibit an ionization energy affected by the shielding of electrons?
Is the scientific explanation behind Smartkleen legit?
Why is ionization energy measured in gaseous phase?
Are entries ever removed from the Merck Index?
Reaction of ethene with ammonia and sodium
Biochemistry for a mathematics student?
Gold&#39;s atomic structure and bonding in relation to the separation techniques used
Boiling-point elevation paradox
Conversion of potassium dichromate solution to a less toxic solution
Benzene and resonance
Problems with precipitation of transition metal solution
Remove empty space from structures with R and S groups
Can dust conduct electricity?
Oxygen in water: How is it single if it&#39;s always double?
How to treat Magnesium powder and ribbon
The formula for finding the percentage of isotopes in an element&#39;s atomic weight?
Heterogeneous Equilibrium Without Gas
Determine the equilibrium constant for this reaction
Why do the trends in reactivity not apply for francium?
When a thin lead sheet is hammered, what happens to internal energy
Decomposition of potassium permanganate under prolonged heating
Is alcohol lewis base or bronsted base?
How to calculate the amount of HCl needed to neutralise a mixed solution of NaOH/ BaOH₂?
Which of these reduction reagents would me most appropriate to yield this product?
Determining Fluorescence Quantum Yield of C60 in Toluene
How do you find the average rate and instantaneous rate given a kinetics plot?
Can someone please explain buffers to me?
Red Cabbage Indicator colour change with Sodium Metabisulphite
Can an organic compound have an ionic bond?
Number of molecules and atoms are same in a gas, how?
&#39;Hard&#39; soap vs. &#39;Soft&#39; soap: Why do they work this way?
Reaction between ammonia and iron
Symmetry of an in-phase and an out-of-phase wavefunction &quot;approaching&quot; each other in an MO
Phase transition from gas to solid
Why is phenolphthalein an appropriate indicator for titration of a strong acid with a strong base?
Which factors best account for the increase in boiling point?
Why are NMR typically taken for a power of 2 scans?
Endothermic and exothermic reactions
For which pair of species is the difference in radii the greatest?
Trends for electrical conductivity?
Why is the orbital angular momentum of a pi electron along the axis of two atoms&#39; molecule one?
can an alloy be used to make another alloy?
Halogen Oxyacid Trend (acid strength)
Why Ionic compounds dissolve into water
Convert CO₂ ppm volume to ppm weight?
What does the subscript of atomic orbital mean?
Conservation of angular momentum in electronic transition
Low-volatile liquids that &#39;ball-up&#39; on siliconoxide or perfluoroalkanes
What is the difference between doxycycline hcl and doxycycline hyclate?
Most common material in the universe
Why can&#39;t the molecularity be determined from the rate law?
Incomplete Combustion products
Why does Pb normally have an oxidation number of +2?
Aldol of 7-oxo octanal
Which branches of chemistry and in what order to learn (self study)?
Using Activities and extended Debye-Huckel equation, find the ph of the solution 0.020 M NaCl
Hygroscopic behaviour of DMSO - how bad is it?
How many milliliters of 0.202M NaOH to 25.ml of 0.0233M salicylic acid to adjust the pH to 3.5
Why should one perform an extraction with multiple small portions of solvent as opposed to one large portion?
How to Find Each Element in Nature
Heat when dissolving solutes in water
What is going on when pen stops working on a section of paper?
Instantly seperate oil and water
Spectrochemical Series - Sigma Donor Capability
Why is the 8-electron rule more important than the 2- or 18-electron rule
What are the physico-chemical processes at play in ironing of clothes?
If metals want to &quot;lose&quot; electrons, then why will copper ions take electrons from a zinc electrode?
Simple Kinetics Clarification
Draw pyridine as an R Group
How much hydrolysis will likely occur of the following bonds at pH 1-4 in the time period of 1-3 hours?
Why does no Robinson Annelation Occur?
Where does the characteristic peak for phtalic acid diethyl ester at m/z 149 originate?
metal salt solutions g/l means hydrate or anhydrous
Why NH4OH? Why not NH3(aq)?
Why is Cyclodextrin cavity hydrophobic?
How to find trace methanol content in fermented fruit/distillate?
Addition of NaCl and CaCl2 to snow
Is sodium chloride really odourless? If yes, what do I smell?
Half equations for H2O2
Why is the groundstate electronic degeneracy of monoatomic O(g) 5?
Condition for formation of azeotropes
How can water be electrolysed if it&#39;s not ionic compound?
Amphoteric amino acid titration
Vibrational Spectrums of HI, HBr, HF, and HCl
What is this red substance that has accumulated at the bottom of a plastic bottle full of petrol (see picture)?
The Acidity of the Hydrated Iron (III) Ion
Why do strong acids have weak conjugate bases?
Does anything like this covalent concerted bond exchange reaction exist?
What is the difference between enthalpy of formation and Gibbs free energy of formation?
Can water be ignited in an ozone atmosphere?
Why oxygen is enclosed in parenthesis in some chemical reaction?
Probability of measuring a particle in the ground state: having trouble with the integration
How can I calculate the Yield of this simple reaction? Better yet: what am I asked?
What is a good way for a laymen to purify alcohol to near 200 proof?
Do undissolved salts in saturated solvents enter equilibrium with the dissolved salts?
Enthalpy changes (comparing methods)
How were the elements discovered before modern technology?
Fractional Bond Orders &lt; 1
Why does sp2 hybridization imply adjacent sp2 hybridization?
Calculation of the standard potential E(Fe/Fe3+) from given potentials
What is the minimum pressure for existence of a liquid solution?
How could scientists produce accurate chemical structures before they could capture images of molecules?
Fourth principle of Molecular Orbitals
What attributes cause a substance to be nonconductive or conductive
PI Bonding in Carbon Dioxide
How would you name this organic compound?
What is there in this 3D representation of organic molecules I fail to grasp?
Conformations of Butane
Accuracy of pH meters in MgSO4 solution
What is some advance reference books about alloy that gives a lot historical background and applies a lot of theoretical equation or formulas
Lewis structure of Cl2SO
Drinking water out of a 24 year old Ether Bottle
Why does pH affect fermentation?
What&#39;s the Acid Ionization Constant of the Hydrogen Proton?
How is percent error calculated?
Permanent suspension of cocoa powder into water
No indicator is suitable when titrating weak acid with weak alkali
the chemistry of fog machines?
Is CH₃CH₂CH₂Cl saturated or unsaturated?
CuI, CuSCN Solubility in Ammonia Solution
Is my teacher correct? Increasing the temperature of the reaction
Specific Heat of Water Solution
Behavior of NaCl in water with electrodes
Since aqueous acids release Hydrogen cations into the solution, will an electric current create Hydrogen gas?
What solvent would have the fewest ions?
Explanation for the reactions in a saltwater battery with zinc and copper electrodes
Why is N₂ stable but HCN and C₂H₂ unstable?
In the lattice model, what&#39;s a nearest neighbor?
In a redox reaction, why does more than one oxidation state of an element form?
Finding overall order of reaction
Why are atom spherical in shape ?
Are ther known compounds of Argon? What is their molecular geometry and hybridisation?
What happens as an acid is mixed with Sodium Chlorite
I heard aluminium doesn&#39;t produce fumes when burnt but the opposite happened, how?
Refluxing with tilted condenser
How to determine the molecular formula of a compound given its molecular mass and mass percentage contribution of the involved elements?
Which electrodes do not corrode at all?
Can Lead (Pb) oxidize Tin (Sn)?
Water flow in condenser
Mechanism for Tollen&#39;s classification test for Aldehydes?
How is chlorophyll made in plants?
Recrystallization of two unknown compounds?
What&#39;s the difference between Carvacrol and Thymol?
How can sulphur and phosphorus expand their octet
How to calculate the potential via Hess&#39;s law? Is my textbook wrong about this?
Why pipetting with a 30&#176; angle?
Units for dissociation constant and relationship to Gibbs Free Energy
Who is Hr&#230;&#240;raford, the &quot;learned clerk&quot; &quot;writing in modern chemical Latin&quot;?
What kind of metal alloys can resist corrosion from molten salt?
Rust forming and being washed off by the same substance
How do I find out what benzene containing compound this is with IR and NMR?
Kinetics of Interstellar Chemistry — Applying steady state to formation of H₂
Plot of Arrhenius Equation with temperature
Why isn&#39;t SiC called carbon silicate?
Why does ice cream not go back to its original form upon refreezing?
How do erasable pens work?
What is reactivity really, and can it be quantified?
How can metals like magnesium and sodium burn underwater?
Sign of the work done during a reversible compression
Will heating alumina (Al2O3) to its melting point yield pure Al?
What is an effective fabric-friendly solvent for aluminium chlorohydrate?
Why does fusing benzene rings not produce polycyclic alkynes?
Acid-Catalyzed Hydration
What is the mechanism of monofunctional glycosylase catalysis?
Lewis Structures - Peripheral Octets
Is there an easy way to remember charges on ions?
Van der Waals Radius clarifications
Why doesn&#39;t the viscosity of water change much with temperature like it does for other substances?
Atmopsheric Gas IR-Spectra
Any possible additives to a drain cleaner I use as a source of NaOH?
When are we justified in making assumptions in questions
Which is more soluble in water and why: K₂HPO₄ or CaHPO₄?
Why is a ketone more nucleophilic than an ester?
Ethanol and water hygroscopic equilibrium concentration
Can two positive ions be next to each other in a formula?
How can the density of water be maximised?
Oxidation numbers of phosphorus pentachloride
how are the frequencies at a local maximum of PES like?
4 Compounds in Equilibrium with One Another - Determine Their Equilibrium Concentrations
Grignard: Unreacted Magnesium
What do the half-reactions need to be for balancing a redox reaction in an acidic medium?
On spontaneity of a redox reaction
