How much is a cup of graham cracker crumbs in crackers and weight?
Are there food products that are meant to have an aftertaste?
can i swap sabji Masala for Tandoori Masalain this recipe?
Electric smoker and a charcoal smoker
Difference between conventional oven with fan assisted and convection with fan assisted?
How can I estimate the time required to bring a piece of meat to a certain temperature?
How to make sure teapot is safe after being on fire without water
Is it safe to eat potatoes that have sprouted?
Is it okay to use stainless steel in oven?
Bread has tough, crunchy crust but is underbaked in the middle - how to fix?
Can I cook a slow cooker recipe on high instead of low, but for shorter time?
Wondering if the bottle of wine I have is still good or not
Raised brown spots on garlic
How to make round popcorn?
Why doesn&#39;t Bailey&#39;s go bad?
Is hot cocoa analogous to coffee?
What is the difference between a product being considered burnt compared to just being over caramelized?
How long does it take for unopened cheese to go bad?
How do I know if food left at room temperature is still safe to eat?
Fiddlehead toxicity
What is my pizza cutter&#39;s handle made from, and how do I stop it from staining everything it touches?
Baking granbarksost ( spruce bark cheese) (Brie) with little mould
Does sugar inhibit mold growth?
Is food immediately taken out of the microwave safe to eat?
Substituting cayenne for red pepper flakes
Can I use garlic leaf for cooking?
how long does a cake with avocado frosting last in the fridge?
Why would parsnips make a beef stock not freeze?
where can I purchase a &quot;wonder pot&quot;?
How can I tell the difference between a rabbit and a cat?
How do I pick a watermelon at the supermarket?
Home-make yogurt: add sugar / something else with the starter?
Butter cream icing substitutions for covering the cake with fondant
What would be a good substitute for coconut milk in curry sauces?
royal icing and candy atop buttercream
What&#39;s this discoloration in my saucepan?
can maple syrup be refrigerated after it was out for a few days?
After refrigerating cookie dough overnight, should i leave my dough at room temperature or go straight to the oven?
How much is a &quot;round&quot; of butter? This is in an old pound cake recipe
Using cast iron on a glass range
Can I still use the Pork juice dripings after I strain out the pieces of fat storaged in a roaster overnight at room temp?
Why are Italian eggs so yellow?
Does anybody recognize this Finnish dill sauce?
Help identifying Turkish dessert
How much juice is in a lemon?
What&#39;s wrong with keeping frozen vegetables in refrigerator?
Definition of a &quot;half glass?&quot;
Will chopping hard destroy my new knifes?
How much is a knob of butter?
Infusing olive oil with herbs
chocolate substitutions in baking brownies from scratch
Does anyone know how to make a Sous Vide style cooking vessel?
How to heat up already baked french bread in oven to get a crispy crust
Sausage discolouration - is it safe to eat?
What should be the material of the vessels to be used in an electric oven?
where to find parts for a Betty Crocker electric pasta maker model BC-1393
Shortening to Swiss Buttercream
Metal to be used for baking a cake in a microwave
How should I clean my metal mesh tea strainer?
Replicating commercial gluten-free/non-gebrokts matzo -- where to start?
Mixing mozzarella without clumping
During flamb&#233;, what is the powder that is shaken into the fire to create sparks?
What is the difference between Culinary Arts and Culinology?
Pie VS Tart VS Quiche
how to prepare mutton rogan josh dish?
Hot tea with lemon juice and fat free milk: how to prevent curdling?
How do I cook any recipe with frozen eggplant?
Should I buy steel or ceramic knives?
Are these eggs rotten?
Butter clarifying mixing mistake
differences in caper berry seeds
How to convert cook time and temp from 9&quot; round cake pans to standard cupcakes?
What meats can I serve medium rare and why?
What are the pros and cons of Convection Microwave Ovens?
Malt used in bread
Which cookware material should be used to retain the heat of the prepared tea?
Cabbage fried with coating
Can microwave with convection replace an actual oven?
How do I cook frozen Goya Empanadas in the microwave?
Why do yolks break so easily (sometimes)?
How to deseed a guava?
Is there any way to make an egg pancake without sugar or white flour?
Keeping noodles from eating all the soup
Homemade liquid sweetener from Stevia
How to balance the bitterness of Habanero peppers?
Using carob as a substitute for cocoa
Frozen and Unfrozen Chicken: what&#39;s the difference?
Mysterious bitter taste from tropical fruits and coconut
Which is most used spice Cumin or Coriander?
What can I use as a replacement for cumin?
What&#39;s the proper way to dispose of used fats &amp; oils?
How can I identify dutch process cocoa?
How can I make proper sandwich slices of home-made bread?
How long do raw chestnuts keep?
What is the additive they put in apple juice to change it from cloudy to clear?
How to keep my stainless steel skillet clean
How to clean cauliflower?
Does the material of the container affect the flavor of the prepared tea? If yes, what material should be preferred to get the best results?
How to make my graham cracker bites crispy/crunchy?
How to quickly soften brown sugar
How much is a cup of graham cracker crumbs in crackers and weight?
Are there food products that are meant to have an aftertaste?
can i swap sabji Masala for Tandoori Masalain this recipe?
Electric smoker and a charcoal smoker
Difference between conventional oven with fan assisted and convection with fan assisted?
How can I estimate the time required to bring a piece of meat to a certain temperature?
How to make sure teapot is safe after being on fire without water
Is it safe to eat potatoes that have sprouted?
Is it okay to use stainless steel in oven?
Bread has tough, crunchy crust but is underbaked in the middle - how to fix?
Can I cook a slow cooker recipe on high instead of low, but for shorter time?
Wondering if the bottle of wine I have is still good or not
Raised brown spots on garlic
How to make round popcorn?
Why doesn&#39;t Bailey&#39;s go bad?
Is hot cocoa analogous to coffee?
What is the difference between a product being considered burnt compared to just being over caramelized?
How long does it take for unopened cheese to go bad?
How do I know if food left at room temperature is still safe to eat?
Fiddlehead toxicity
What is my pizza cutter&#39;s handle made from, and how do I stop it from staining everything it touches?
Baking granbarksost ( spruce bark cheese) (Brie) with little mould
Does sugar inhibit mold growth?
Is food immediately taken out of the microwave safe to eat?
Substituting cayenne for red pepper flakes
Can I use garlic leaf for cooking?
how long does a cake with avocado frosting last in the fridge?
Why would parsnips make a beef stock not freeze?
where can I purchase a &quot;wonder pot&quot;?
How can I tell the difference between a rabbit and a cat?
How do I pick a watermelon at the supermarket?
Home-make yogurt: add sugar / something else with the starter?
Butter cream icing substitutions for covering the cake with fondant
What would be a good substitute for coconut milk in curry sauces?
royal icing and candy atop buttercream
What&#39;s this discoloration in my saucepan?
can maple syrup be refrigerated after it was out for a few days?
After refrigerating cookie dough overnight, should i leave my dough at room temperature or go straight to the oven?
How much is a &quot;round&quot; of butter? This is in an old pound cake recipe
Using cast iron on a glass range
Can I still use the Pork juice dripings after I strain out the pieces of fat storaged in a roaster overnight at room temp?
Why are Italian eggs so yellow?
Does anybody recognize this Finnish dill sauce?
Help identifying Turkish dessert
How much juice is in a lemon?
What&#39;s wrong with keeping frozen vegetables in refrigerator?
Definition of a &quot;half glass?&quot;
Will chopping hard destroy my new knifes?
How much is a knob of butter?
Infusing olive oil with herbs
chocolate substitutions in baking brownies from scratch
Does anyone know how to make a Sous Vide style cooking vessel?
How to heat up already baked french bread in oven to get a crispy crust
Sausage discolouration - is it safe to eat?
What should be the material of the vessels to be used in an electric oven?
where to find parts for a Betty Crocker electric pasta maker model BC-1393
Shortening to Swiss Buttercream
Metal to be used for baking a cake in a microwave
How should I clean my metal mesh tea strainer?
Replicating commercial gluten-free/non-gebrokts matzo -- where to start?
Mixing mozzarella without clumping
During flamb&#233;, what is the powder that is shaken into the fire to create sparks?
What is the difference between Culinary Arts and Culinology?
Pie VS Tart VS Quiche
how to prepare mutton rogan josh dish?
Hot tea with lemon juice and fat free milk: how to prevent curdling?
How do I cook any recipe with frozen eggplant?
Should I buy steel or ceramic knives?
Are these eggs rotten?
Butter clarifying mixing mistake
differences in caper berry seeds
How to convert cook time and temp from 9&quot; round cake pans to standard cupcakes?
What meats can I serve medium rare and why?
What are the pros and cons of Convection Microwave Ovens?
Malt used in bread
Which cookware material should be used to retain the heat of the prepared tea?
Cabbage fried with coating
Can microwave with convection replace an actual oven?
How do I cook frozen Goya Empanadas in the microwave?
Why do yolks break so easily (sometimes)?
How to deseed a guava?
Is there any way to make an egg pancake without sugar or white flour?
Keeping noodles from eating all the soup
Homemade liquid sweetener from Stevia
How to balance the bitterness of Habanero peppers?
Using carob as a substitute for cocoa
Frozen and Unfrozen Chicken: what&#39;s the difference?
Mysterious bitter taste from tropical fruits and coconut
Which is most used spice Cumin or Coriander?
What can I use as a replacement for cumin?
What&#39;s the proper way to dispose of used fats &amp; oils?
How can I identify dutch process cocoa?
How can I make proper sandwich slices of home-made bread?
How long do raw chestnuts keep?
What is the additive they put in apple juice to change it from cloudy to clear?
How to keep my stainless steel skillet clean
How to clean cauliflower?
Does the material of the container affect the flavor of the prepared tea? If yes, what material should be preferred to get the best results?
How to make my graham cracker bites crispy/crunchy?
How to quickly soften brown sugar
Do they count calories in fried chicken accurately?
Turkey has been previously defrosted and cooked. Can I re freeze it
Why the pizza is able to &quot;recover&quot; so quickly?
Why does my pizza dough stick to my peel?
Will my results differ when using a sourdough starter vs poolish for pizza dough?
How can I make a super-thin, yet strong, calzone crust?
Is there any substitute for vital wheat gluten?
What is the best flour to use for pizza dough?
Low (or slow) carb stir fry sauces?
Convert seed based measurements to pre-ground?
Freezing Buttercream Flowers for later use?
vanilla sugar substitution
Cold Smoking in the Tropics - Condensation
What oils are suitable for Indian cooking (i.e. extended frying duration)?
Wine substitutions for homemade salami
Caffeine content of cold-brewed coffee: higher or lower than hot-brewed?
Why is my green tea brown?
What are the natural and artificial sugars?
How to make modeling chocolate shiny?
Binding properties of turmeric
how to season a frozen steak
Can you substitute Asian red chili paste (e.g. Thai Kitchen&#39;s Roasted Red Chili Paste) for Sambal Oelek?
Which type of oil/fat should I use for deep frying?
Is it advisable to freeze tomatoes?
What are the advantages of &quot;bathed&quot; bread?
Is it important to knead biga/poolish?
What&#39;s the difference between chutney and relish?
What kinds of beans are there and how to recognize them?
Substituting quinoa flour for wheat flour in egg pasta
Does the Philips Air-fryer work as well as a standard deep-fryer?
When should I add proofed yeast to a bread machine?
How do I keep a hot meal fresh for several hours?
producing kefir grains from commercial kefir?
I&#39;ve seasoned and floured more chicken than I need to fry. What&#39;s the best way to store it for cooking at a later date?
Purple skin with white flesh yams/sweet potatoes have black/green spots after I boil them. Can I still eat them?
Why do my stored cashews smell like fish?
Do you have to refrigerate leftover grilled corn-on-the-cob?
Adjusting baking powder to work with almond milk
How to keep saute pan hot without it burning for searing fresh greenbeans or zucchini
Is there a significant difference between pizza ovens and conventional ovens with pizza functionality?
Why does my butter icing melt so quickly?
Why do my pre-cooked hams always take way longer than they should?
What is a device used to slice tomatoes with in one motion called?
Bread doesn&#39;t split at the score
Jam &quot;separates&quot; in processing
Hulling pumpkin seeds - Possible? Easy?
One base cake mix and then make several flavors
What is this pot used for
How is one meant to treat fenugreek seeds?
Getting rid of a commercial/plastic taste in icing?
What is the alternative to a vine ripened tomato?
How to minimise sugar in meringue
What is a clove of garlic?
Coconut sugar flavor
Why should I soak beans before cooking?
What can I use to replace onions on sauces?
Dry brining burger patties with onions
Can I subtitute water for milk in cr&#234;pes?
Please help me make Caramel using Coconut Sugar?
When did the US start refrigerating eggs on a regular basis?
Is my chicken ruined?
Does salt do anything more for baked products than just add flavor?
what is the proper microwave setting for pizza?
How to thin chocolate for dipping
Baking focaccia
Is it safe to eat butter after it has crossed its expiration date? Does butter ever spoil in fridge?
Shelf Stable &quot;Ganache&quot;
cake burns on bottom
Macarons...Why not color the syrup?
What can i use as a corn syrup substitute in icing?
Onion has yellow center. Is it safe to eat?
Cleaning burnt-on grease with ammonia
Soaking fruit in alcohol
Is it safe to eat baby-potatoes?
What kind of cookware is suitable for a glass ceramic stovetop?
How can I make my fried potatoes not fall apart?
Is ginger a good substitute for galangal in Thai green curry?
Tips for cooking a whole lamb in a fire pit?
UHT Milk: small white floating stuff?
How can I make my scones rise evenly?
Why cover a pepper after blackening?
Transporting partially finished ravioli
Can I use baking powder to replace cream of tartar
Why won&#39;t my ground beef thaw?
How can i optimize the use of my convection oven?
Is there any way to make crepes without a proper non-stick pan?
How do I get crispy but thin bread crust?
How do I modify cooking methods for a markedly smaller roast than most recipes state?
Meyer curd without added sugar?
What to do with a failed cake?
Is it bad to cook frozen meat without waiting it to be unfrozen?
Barley vs. oats?
Using white wine in the cooking
Save meat from chicken broth?
Standing Rib Roast
How can I make my Chocolate Mousse fluffier?
Why do egg dye recipes include vinegar?
Why is fish not considered as meat?
Filling tart with beans/rice for baking
Can apple cider vinegar be substitute when coloring eggs?
What to look for when buying a rice cooker?
If a few of my eggs crack when making them hard-boiled, is it still safe to eat them?
How can you make &quot;All Purpose Flour&quot; using home ground wheat?
Can I bake in a convection microwave?
How to deal with &quot;no precooking required&quot; lasagne sheets?
What is the orange coloured cream inside McAloo Tikki called and what are its ingredients?
How do you properly drain the grease after browning ground beef?
Why do uncooked frostings that contain milk not need to be refrigerated?
Making cake icing look professionally smooth
3 types of fish, 3 temperature/time per package
Making a better caramel for granola bar
Why does my food taste like propane when i grill?
How to offset sweetness in a sauce?
What soy sauce is Tamari closest to?
Why is it dangerous to eat meat which has been left out and then cooked?
Need to refrigerate vinaigrette?
Loose-leaf tea: specifics of re-steeping multiple times?
Can I substitute low fat greek yogurt for light sour cream in a high speed blender?
How to extend holding time for poached eggs?
Coffee flavored melted chocolate for drizzling over cookies?
How can I determine fat content in beef?
What&#39;s the role of milk or yogurt in sponge cake?
What type of yoghurt should I use for making curry?
Are cooked shrimp shell edible?
Are bay leaves dangerous to (unwittingly) eat?
How to thicken Chili without compromising flavor
How can I light charcoal faster?
How to prevent meatballs from drying out when I substitute a lean meat?
Food Left Out all day
Purchased ham didn&#39;t get into the fridge when we got home
Can you make thin crispy dosa without urad dal?? Can I use any other lentils in their place?
How do I keep fruit from sinking to the bottom of my cake?
homemade creme fraiche
Am I able to put uncooked chicken back in my fridge for a day?
Need help choosing burner for wok
How do you remove strong garlic odor from enclosed space (garage)?
How to make double cream 48% for tart filling (not for whipping)?
What parameter is best to increase - time or temperature?
Grape Juice left out overnight, now has fizz
Forgot to Turn on Crock Pot
Is bread that can go mouldy better than that which does not?
Rocky road seized up?
Why does adding commercial processed cheese to fondue change its consistency?
How do I prevent coconut milk from separating in Thai curry?
Easy way to steam vegetables in opened steam-in-bag kind
Caulk gun-like dispenser for whipped cream
Ingredients of Root Beer
How to decide how much to dilute extremely hot chillis
How do I keep my enchiladas from getting soggy when they cook?
What is the science behind Magic Cake?
Idiomatic combinations of peanut butter, jelly, and bread
Gummy residue from baking spray/oil
Should good prosciutto be refrigerated?
Suggestions for a substitute for almond paste in a cookie recipe?
Is it bad to boil milk?
Is it possible to heatproof (insulate) stainless steel pot handles?
Best heat source for fondue? Will an induction cooktop work?
Maintaining Sourdough Starter - Are potato flakes/water necessary?
How do I quickly get okra to stop being goopy?
Why does soymilk take longer to expire?
How do I clean up my utensils after cutting extremely hot chillis?
What is the difference between a Spring Roll and an Egg Roll?
Defrosting meat/fish in warm water
What can I do with the meat and fat trimmed from the top of lamb ribs?
Bunn starts brewing coffee long after it&#39;s done
Why does white vinegar taste better when at restaurants?
Fresh Herb Storage
How to remove residual flavours from, e.g., a coffee press
Chicken bone broth, what is the brown stuff at the bottom of the pot?
How to suppress bad breath after eating garlic or onion
Should asparagus be peeled before cooking?
Would sake go well with non-Japanese food?
How can I cook more flavorful Chicken through and through?
How long can i cook a bone in Pork Shoulder?
What causes pasta dough to be holey after running through a machine multiple times?
Is there a substitute for aluminum foil?
Xanthan Gum Use in Tamarind Chutney
Is Italian style gelato achievable with standard home ice cream makers and home freezers?
Homemade Teriyaki Sauce
How to crack several types of nuts in one batch?
Where to find a crepe maker
Why are most enameled cast iron dutch oven&#39;s only rated up to 400-450 F?
Au poivre without green pepper, is it good?
Does store-bought Kombucha spoil? If so, how can I tell?
Why baste bread with cornstarch?
Cooking pot with regulable water boiling temperature
Can I turn a can of red kidney beans into red bean paste for Japanese Style Red Bean Paste Buns?
Cooked Cottage Pie, refrigerated. How to reheat
If salt dehydrates the meat, then why would brining make it more juicy as a whole?
Why would hot-packed green beans go bad when still sealed?
gluten free gnocchi tasting too much like potato
I ate undercooked steak, what can happen to me?
Is it bad to leave the crock pot on &quot;warm&quot; (not low) all day?
Lime substitute for nixtamalizing corn
Eating mangoes with skin intact
Stronger bread, how could I achieve that?
How to avoid elephant skin on no-knead bread?
How can I keep hot food hot when transporting it?
Recommendations for making ice cream with milk and corn starch (corn flour)
How to clean scrambled eggs from a pan?
Can I tenderize conch meat with baking soda
Is it possible to join two thin steaks together on the grill?
Why should a stock be simmered and not boiled?
Is there any way to make whey powder at home?
What causes tea to be bitter, and how can I avoid that bitterness?
Does natural {peanut, cashew, almond} butter require refrigeration?
Is it safe to eat a chicken that leaked a ton of red fluid after roasting?
Rolled marzipan as cake filling?
How do I avoid gummy, unworkable pasta dough?
Mackerel brining time before smoking
Garlic turned to black powder?
Is there a difference between Kansas City strip and New York strip?
Will spoiled food technically make you sick?
Is it safe to use the rice cooker bowl as a container and to refrigerate it?
How does the order of mixing ingredients affect the resulting cake?
Meat curing vs fermenting
What causes the crown of the bread to crack during baking?
What features should I consider when getting an ice cream or gelato machine?
How do I remove my KitchenAid attachment?
ceviche still good?
Pan size affecting evaporation time
How can I vacuum seal acidic ingredients with meat or poultry for freezing?
Are any kind of wood-chips good enough for smoking?
Can I re-freeze fruit?
How do you make paneer?
How do I season my new pizza stone?
Counteracting a metallic taste in canned tomatoes?
Breadcrumbs or flour when greasing and dusting a cake form?
What should I cover bread dough with while it&#39;s rising?
How to keep celery crisp?
Impastata Ricotta for Cannoli
Cinnamon Rolls for a dessert crust
Does &quot;1 lime leaf&quot; mean a pair of leaves, or half a pair?
How can I make the most of this stewing hen?
In how much water do I need to put ramekins when cooking au bain marie in the oven?
Excess flour in banneton after proofing
Can I use diluted lemon juice in place of rice wine vinegar
Why are there no recipes combining both yeast and baking powder?
Is it possible to steam steak?
How to preserve and ship home made mayonnaise
Homemade Yogurt Nutrition Info
Food safety issues related to eating raw frozen vegetables
Lighter chocolate cake
Pitas are paper thin on one side
How can i save frozen eggs?
Why is my cheesesteak meat tough?
Buying whetstones
How do I avoid botulism formation when vacuum sealing and freezing raw chopped vegetables?
How long can fish be left out?
gel substance to keep food moist?
Is it a known technique to serve hot crispy-crust sandwiches on edge?
How do you coat almonds in wasabi and keep it spicy and crunchy? (my wasabi paradox)
Is safe to eat jerky with white mold?
Chemically, what happens when you temper an egg?
Will it wreck the dish if I pre-soak beef in brine, and then slow roast with Marsala?
Cooking frozen Pizza in the microwave
Lobster Death! Freezer vs. Alcohol
What to look for when buying good quality loose black tea?
french press vs. chemex - oil absorbed by chemex filters?
When braising, how deep should I fill a single pot?
What are recommendable coffee roast types for Aeropress?
What can be done with Norwegian brown cheese Brunost other than a sandwich?
Hard dry crusts on frozen bread
If I&#39;m using milk as an ingredient in soup, how can I prevent it from curdling?
Non-shellfish Shrimp Substitutes?
What is the rate of loss of vitamin C in fresh vegetables?
Cake help urgent!
Do I roll sushi with or without gloves?
How to &quot;fill&quot; a cake made from a cupcake recipe
How to make Cheeze Burst Pizza same as Domino&#39;s?
Can I use sona masoori rice for making dosa?
Mold is growing on my cheese, what is common practice?
at what temperature does yeast die
What&#39;s the difference between gazpacho and normal soups?
old electric Farberware wok
the sugar content of raw corn on the vs cooked corn on the cob
term for the fact that&#39;s easier to mix 2 things if the amount are different
How do I clean a pot after boiling eggs?
Do Pineapples Ripen After They Are Picked
Temperature to disable enzymes in soy beans
How not to mess up B&#233;chamel sauce
Can I make Irish Brown Bread using a covered loaf pan?
Are there any substitutes for Shortening?
What can I do with some whipped cream and egg yolk mix?
What is the difference between shawarma and gyros?
Do you heat the pan first, then add oil? Or put the oil in and heat up with the pan?
Why did my pork center cut loin turn out tender but tasteless?
Is Bami Goreng the same as the dish labelled as &#39;Singapore Noodles&#39; in the United Kingdom
Is it okay to eat silver
When should I add cocoa powder to instant coffee?
Can I boil bratwurst in beer to cook them?
How can I tell the difference between instant yeast and active dry yeast?
Does whole milk or soy milk spoil faster? Why?
Where can I find fast, cheap, healthy meal recipes for a busy single guy?
Shelf life and preservation of B&#225;nh chưng
Flat Thai Panaeng Curry
How do I cook two items in the oven at the same time?
What&#39;s the white liquidy substance that can appear when cooking salmon?
What is the difference between genoise sponge and victoria sponge?
Live Tomato Zucchini Lasagna - what does live mean?
Can I get a haze off of ceramic cooking pans
How long will grease (from bacon or roast) keep in the fridge?
Is there a faster/less messy way to stuff manicotti/canneloni?
What purpose does coffee serve in a chocolate cake recipe?
Adding salt to the oil making potato chips
Why did my mozzarella turn out like ricotta?
Can you separate out the Gliadin from Gluten?
How can I make my tea stronger?
Barbecue sauce with onion
How do I clean a pasta maker?
Bell Pepper Mousse - won&#39;t charge or discharge
Is it still possible to make cast iron skillets as good as the old ones?
Why rinse basmati rice?
Can you candy salt? (Experiment Results)
Soaking millet before making ogi
Crock-pot/slow-cooker basmati sushi/ketupat
Inside of the cookies turn up soft, almost uncooked?
How can I improve sealing of bags for sous vide?
Yolks flat and breaking
Tsukemen ramen broth/soup
When I boil rice, they lump together after a while. How to prevent this?
In order to mix the Cocoa powder in water/milk, is it a good idea to put the Cocoa powder in the milk while heating it?
Does lime juice make jalape&#241;os less spicy?
What is pizza sauce?
Can I cook chicken in the over after leaving them sitting in the oven all night?
Can I make pickled eggs that don&#39;t require refrigeration?
Oiling wood handles
Turkish delight sauce or syrup
Why is sugar a wet ingredient?
Tea infused with caffeine
Bread and using a proofer
Masking the grass flavor of green tea
I&#39;m using steel cut oats flour to make bread and muffins but the insides are mushy and wet
Is smell a bad way of determining whether meat is still good?
What can I do with old (7-8 months old) pickles?
Ingredients vs. Temperature Control in Chocolate Fudge
Can I successfully freeze raw cabbage?
What determines the variety of paprika to use in recipes?
Corned Beef Brisket left out
What do I do with a bag of tiny steamed salted squid?
transfer pizza onto stone without sticking
Making Tomato Sauce from Tomato Paste
What is the emulsification power of 1 egg yolk?
When I&#39;m separating egg whites, how much does it matter if a little yolk gets in?
Japanese Carbon Steel 11&quot; knife identification?
Water in the microwave to reheat pizza better
If bacon tastes like fish, is it still good to eat?
Do silicone baking mats come in 14x16&quot; sizes?
What should a good cookie dough look like?
Use of pizza stone in gas oven
Create hot &quot;sauce&quot; from capsaicin extract
How do I keep the rice cooker from boiling over?
What&#39;s the difference between latte, mocha, and all the other drinks on a coffee-house menu?
Frozen Corned Beef left out to thaw,
Is pasteurized milk safe to drink?
Making Mayo by hand , using whisk , emulsion breaks down
Using fresh compressed cake yeast in bread machine
Can I cook duck breast a day before?
First slicing, then cooking, or the other way around?
Why using both baking powder and sodium bicarbonate?
How to make Fresh Asian Noodle?
What goes with white cap mushrooms?
Nonalcoholic Substitute for Marsala Wine
How long does cooked pasta last in the fridge?
Boiling Water For Pasta - With Lid On....Do I Have To Wash The Lid?
Making noodles in a wok
How do I know if a black banana is too old to be eaten?
Why is ground beef red on the bottom also?
roasting potatoes at low temperature
What would adding wine (red or white?) do when cooking Vindaloo?
What knife and cutting technique should I use for cubing bacon?
Can pasteurized milk turn into yogurt by itself?
Why aren&#39;t my potatoes cooked?
My small chuck roast was dry
Beef: Red on the outside, brown on the inside
White wine vinegar in sweet and sour sauce
How long do peanut butter sandwiches last at room temperature?
Why microwaves do not kill harmful bacteria as well as boiling?
Frying potato with little oil
How much does a &quot;large&quot; potato weigh?
How do I dissolve chunky powder completely in milk?
How do I avoid dry meat and burned masala and rice in biryana?
Why is my sassafrass root bark tea always so bitter?
Placing a ceramic bowl over stainless steel saucepan
Why does meat in the crockpot always end up dry?
What is liquid glucose?
Can arabic gum substitute for fat in making ice cream from homogenized 3% fat (low fat) milk
Cutting cold butter into flour - which mixer attachment should I use?
Does one really need to add bicarbonate of soda if one already uses baking powder?
What is the difference between white and green asparagus?
Keep macaroni cheese creamy after refrigerating
Does 100% rye sourdough bread always have a sticky crumb? How do I make it stick to the knife less?
Is cooking a raw steak in the microwave safe?
Colouring oil - chocolate look alike
Does water boil faster with the lid on?
How does one stop sushi seaweed wrapping being too chewy?
Does incorporating whipping cream in a chocolate syrup extend its shelf life?
Can you freeze jalapenos?
What method of extracting oil from almonds preserves the most almond flavor?
How can I make bacon powder?
What is the meaning of reconstituted juice?
What&#39;s this &quot;pucker&quot; style hole on my cheese grater for?
Are there significant differences between different zesters?
Stock vs Broth - What&#39;s the difference in usage?
What food additives or chemicals do you use in your cooking at home?
Tartine + Sourdough Taste
Would a tagine be better for high altitude braising?
Why should I boil pretzels in baking soda water before baking?
Are bubbling preserved lemons a sign of spoilage?
How to make cookies without using greaseproof paper or a baking tin?
Ingredient Identification: Hong Kong restaurant spicy spice
How do I tell if a rutabaga is fresh?
How long should I sear meat after thawing from frozen state?
How to best keep a bunch of coriander fresh?
How important is RPM in a blender?
Is it safe to use plastic wrap in boiling water?
Bitter bell peppers
How long to steam eggs for? (Instead of hard boiling)
Pulled pork cooking time
Refrigerated Beef Brisket
How do I prepare arabic coffee in a stone Dallah?
How is King Arthur bread flour made?
Chicken Noodle Soup
When is it best to do stretch and fold versus mechanical kneading?
How to tint powdered sugar (icing sugar)?
Why do some quinoa seeds sink and some float?
How long should dry beans be soaked before cooking?
Advantages of metal vs glass stockpot lids
Cheapest place to get bulk chocolate?
How do I fix my dough after I did not activate the yeast properly?
How to store Soda Water or other Home Made Sodas?
How to tenderize large squid?
Pasta Salad+Chicken freezer storage for a week?
Help making Montgomery Pie layer properly
What&#39;s wrong with my iSi soda siphon, and how do I fix it?
New Oven in the US, Which would home cooks prefer?
oven cleaning help and tips
How to make crispy/dry potato chips/crisps?
Opening potato bags
What type of rum to use when making vanilla extract?
What combination of flours can be used as a substitution to a bread flour?
Pasteles are too salty
chicken texture after precooking starts to break
How to make Barley bread?
Why does tomato not dissolve when I make curry
Making a 2 ramekin recipe into an 8 ramekin recipe: Do I change the cooking time?
Halva seen on Mahane Yehuda Market in Jerusalem
Problem with gummy-bears being too much like jelly
Ceramic crock pot - No cracks, but looks like coating is spotted. Can I fix it?
Can you substitute honey for sugar in a pickling brine?
How long can I refrigerate cookie dough?
How does dried cilantro relate to fresh?
Flank steak came out chewy this time. What&#39;s to blame?
What is hunter&#39;s chicken
active dry yeast and rapid rise yeast
Stopping water from bubbling over when cooking rice
Braised short ribs differ in texture when on stove top vs in oven
Why Does a Lot of Pastry Have an Orange Flavor?
What is the difference between a prawn and a shrimp?
What is this black stuff coming off my George Forman grill?
Very old sourdough starter; how long is too long?
Can a bloody orange be half bloody?
How do I make sure spice mixes don&#39;t make my curry grainy?
meatballs refrozen, safe to eat
What exactly is &#39;osobaya sayanskaya&#39; in House of Cards S03E03?
What does cream of tartar do in baking recipes?
When to prefer yogurt, cream, and coconut milk in an Indian vegetarian dish to make it creamy?
Buttermilk safe to use?
Mason Jar Stuck Inside Another
Maintaining Sourdough Starter
Baking bread in smaller pans bake time question
Substituting parchment for foil in slow cooker
Can you make bread with the yeast in beer?
What does &quot;de-bearding&quot; mussels mean?
How do I use a convex crepe pan?
The difference between suet and tallow?
Slowing motor and electric smoke coming from Magic Bullet blender?
Do induction cookers increase risk of cracking cast iron?
Is there a problem with defrosting meat on the counter?
How can I make Chinese Fried Rice like they do on the East Coast?
New to cooking - how long to cook chicken breast pieces in a wok?
Why do fry cooks use water to cook burgers?
How to pick a good mango at a local store?
How to make hot dog buns or sandwich rolls with a soft crust?
When boiling water, why start from cold?
Baked beans still firm after soaking and hours of cooking
What is coriander root and where can you get it?
how to grind pistachio nuts so that they stay dry
Is it possible to have a good crust without prebaking a quiche?
lemon zest substitute
What is &#39;Bread Improver&#39;?
What are common techniques for adding eggs to soup?
What can I use as a replacement for ricotta or cottage cheese in a lasagna?
Trimming ends off snow peas
Where to get fresh rose petals( rosa demascena) that are organic and/or pesticide free
Why doesn&#39;t chocolate go bad?
Why does cooked fruit seem to retain more heat than the other foods in the recipe?
How does tangzhong (water roux) make bread softer?
Maximum cooking time for beef joint in slow cooker?
How can you reduce the heat of a chili pepper?
Forgot to put brown and white sugar in cookie dough
Hot vs Cold Chinese culinary standards
Can I prevent honey from congealing/hardening in the pantry?
Non-glass baking containers for both microwave and oven use
My gelatin didn&#39;t gel
What ensures big holes in my bread?
Closest thing to a donut I can drink coffee out of
what is the best method to coat biscuits in chocolate
What makes a bread either close or open crumbed/textured?
Will avocado stay fresh longer if stored in the refrigerator?
How do cooking utensils remain safe for use?
Should homemade lasagna be frozen cooked or uncooked?
How to choose a pan for making caramel?
why do hand held can openers stop working so quickly
Creating a home &quot;anti-griddle&quot;?
Which Maizes should be boiled, and which roast?
Unrefrigerated raw beef almost 6 hours
Are strawberries really dyed?
Should I include egg shells in my stock?
How to balance out sourness of lemon juice, specifically in a mayonnaise?
What causes egg-covered puffed rice cakes to become soft when pan fried (and how to control it)?
Substitute Quinoa Flour to All-Purpose Flour
How do I make dosas smooth and shiny?
Do tinned foods go off (stale)?
Why did my hot pepper oil get moldy?
How do I recognize if a dish cannot be cooked in a gas oven?
What&#39;s the most effective way to mix a jar of natural peanut butter?
When adding vital wheat gluten to a bread recipe, should one reduce the amount of flour equal to it?
Freezing of Meat
Buying my first set of pots and pans
Why put cinnamon in chili?
Why does my chicken go dry when I boil it?
Why and when do you need to dock dough?
Coconut Shrimp-fry ahead for dinner party?
What does &quot;until fork tender and the juices run clear&quot; mean and how do I tell?
What is crusty loaf bread?
How do I control the quality of a kombucha SCOBY?
UK alternative to corn syrup?
What&#39;s the difference between masa for tortillas and for tamales?
In my new mixer, my bread dough gets wrapped around the kneading hook. What should I do?
Mystery &quot;organ&quot; on the underside of chicken thighs?
How to keep my (deep frying) oil usable as long as possible?
Can extra virgin olive oil be used for stir frying, roasting, grilling?
Is it advisable to use the Extra Virgin Olive oil for Indian cooking, and baking?
What is milk product in cocoa butter?
Is there something better than mineral oil for cutting boards?
Why does adding salt to broth make it foamy?
What does vanilla extract add to a recipe?
How to make deep fried beer?
Chinese rice vermicelli tastes of chemicals
Forgot Brown sugar in cookies
How does a pinch of salt make a difference to a recipe?
Cooking an egg without oil or butter
Pot sticking to induction cooktop?
Is it a good idea to cook stew in the oven in a stainless steel pot?
How long does cooked garlic keep in fridge?
Distribution of heat using a silicone oven tray
What are some recommended methods of cleaning wooden cutting boards?
Add Cocoa Butter to Chocolate Chips to Temper?
What to add if low-carb muffins don&#39;t rise and are crumbly
What is the difference in flavor between a fermented pickle and a vinegar pickle?
Beans Cultured with Yogurt
Can condensed milk be safely used after it&#39;s &#39;best before&#39; date?
My sauerkraut was left with dark mold covering the surface, is it ok?
What weights to use for fermenting sauerkraut?
Why are my beets not fermenting?
What to use in pressure fermentation
Fermenting Sauerkraut - Should I Stir?
Lacto Fermented Vegetables - Off Flavors
What is the name of this french food?
How to preserve fermented bean sauce
gray film on my stainless steel stockpot food safe?
Why are my pomegranate seeds white?
Can rosehip tisane be used as a substitute for red wine in cooking?
bacteria forming in reheating of baked potatoes
What purpose could baking soda and cream of tartar serve in a meatball recipe?
Juice Concentrate Manufacturing and Process?
Do extracts add sweetness or just the flavor?
How to keep baked seitan from being too tough?
Curing with smoked salt
How to add savor to a squash and grain mix?
What are &quot;goes well with&quot; recommendations based on?
How do I get homemade mayonnaise to taste like store bought mayonnaise?
Can I make baked veal more soft?
How do I make black rice turn out better in a rice cooker?
Replacing egg whites with whole eggs when baking cookies
How to go about reducing sugar in a butter cake recipe?
Substitute for egg yolk in ice-cream (Egg Allergy)
How to upscale fried onion recipes for commercial production
Adjusting cooking time and temperature when making smaller portions
Cheesecake in or next to waterbath
Is it safe to store applejuice in an opened glass bottle outside of the fridge?
Can you thicken a pudding just by reducing?
What is: Yellow Flour?
Induction unit makes buzzing sound
Getting poppy seeds to stick to bagel
How can i achieve the same texture as Soft baked Pepperidge Farm cookies?
Can I use mascarpone as a substitute for cream cheese?
Is there a plastic bowl/dish that can withstand high temperature in the oven?
Using frozen/cooked frozen blood in black pudding
What is a flan pan called?
Can I use a tagine on a glass cooktop, and do I need a heat diffuser?
Can pressure canning be replaced water bath canning?
Artificial Wood Chips/Smoke for smoking meat
How to store a banana that was cut in half to preserve the other half?
Cooking pasta in a Pressure Cooker
Liquid glucose in marshmallows
Is salt related to smell?
How to best store scallions?
When is a Utility Knife to be preferred over a Chef&#39;s or a Paring knife?
Extremely Tender Hospital Beef
Does spoiled milk make any ingredient?
How can I get a corn tortilla to be pliable enough to work with?
Which average weight % of the banana is edible? i.e. Which % of the banana is not peel?
Using kalpasi (which is also known as Black Stone Flower) in a biriyani?
Is it safe to eat Raw Corn?
How long will soaked chia seeds last?
Can you get sick from milk that&#39;s been heated at a high temperature?
How does a Miracle Thaw work?
General Principles of making risotto
How to achieve tender or crunchy toasted lentil sprouts?
Brown sugar instead of white sugar
Is this coconut spoiled?
How to make a dessert with dynamically opening flower petals?
What is the ingredient that makes a Spanish paella so particular?
Can i freeze dough without killing the yeast?
Can you make sourdough starter without throwing any away?
What is the science behind velveting meat?
Why would I buy a rice cooker?
Kimchi in Mason Jars -- Too Sealed?
Cake flour or all-purpose for shortbread?
Rolling boil has barely any steam?
Should I season my sushi rice before or after cooking?
Can you warm biga in a microwave?
What exactly is &quot;Sushi Grade&quot; fish?
are there any appliances that can automate feeding of sourdough starter?
Can I substitute a stainless steel pot for the traditional iron dutch oven?
How do you reduce static in a coffee grinder?
Using a Power Pressure Cooker XL for high altitude canning above 6000 ft sea level
*Cannot* get that &quot;Oven Spring&quot;
What is a good way for a beginner to start sous vide cooking?
Can you eat the seeds of Tamarind if you roast them or boil them?
How to Bake Cookies Without a Convection Oven?
Bear in a crock pot
How to make pizza crust thin and elastic at the same time?
What is instant pudding mix used for in baking cookies?
What temperature does the Maillard reaction occur?
Cooking lemon juice into stew
How do you quickly prepare tomatoes for pizza?
Lemon juice sprayer/container
Boil an egg in the microwave
Can I freeze my selfmade focaccia?
The mark of a true chef
How to prevent brillant pink raw bread dough from cooking up to yellow?
Why do patterns appear on tempered chocolate?
How do you apply colored sugar just to the raised image on a cookie
Trick to making perfect egg ribbons?
Why don&#39;t my muffins rise and develop tops properly?
Thicker gelatin layer at the bottom of the dish
Best Way To Remove Fajita Contents From Marinade
Using homemade pasta instead of dried in a bake
Why does cheese sometimes slide off my pizza and how can I prevent it?
Sous Vide Interrupted
Can I put raw ground beef in the crockpot when making chili?
Flavour in different cuts
Can I put chicken marinade on chicken after it was almost cooked?
Are there accurate meat scales which interface easily with a computer?
How can I keep chopped fruit fresh for 2-3 hours?
Microwave rice cooker vs low-end electric rice cookers
What is the best way to reheat a sub-style sandwich?
How safe is it to leave soup food out?
The best way to clean a French Press coffee maker
Is it safe to not wash mushrooms?
How to get uniform bubbles in simple dutch oven bread?
What causes curdling and how can you prevent it?
Potatoes in bread? How to estimate potatoes needed?
What is the advantage of a roux over a raw flour slurry, in sauce?
How to bake large batches of bread
Is the &quot;gamey&quot; taste of venison just a polite name for &quot;rotten&quot;?
How do I clean deep burns in my oven?
Why is there liquid at the bottom of my lemon meringue pie?
How should I interpret this expiry date?
French Rolling Pin Care and Maintenance
Pot roast in a crock pot
Can seasoning be eaten without being cooked?
Why is my soy milk frozen?
Is there a different fruit very similar to oranges?
Elderly Peoples Digestive Tract
Where do all the tough old birds go?
What makes bacon chewy?
Can you make jerky from stewing chickens?
What&#39;s the difference between fresh and frozen blueberries for baking?
What can I substitute for tomato juice?
Homemade Buffalo Sauce
What temperature should &quot;simmer&quot; be for candying fruit?
What are bagel chips?
what determines the texture of cookies
Ingredient selection for Canadian Poutine dish
Using Glucose instead of Fructose
What types of wine are suitable for Dijon mustard?
Can sarsaparilla and sassafras be substituted with licorice root?
In ingredient lists, does &quot;lime&quot; mean the fruit or the chemical?
Adding lime juice to green curry paste and heating
secret ingredient in a restaurant bolognese
How long does yeast live after baking?
Canned tomatoes for fresh
Can you cook a 25 lb turkey in an oven that is 9 inches from the bottom rack to the heating elements?
What are the advantages of using a stove instead of an oven?
How do I use whole fresh tamarind?
Why do my pastries come out flat when I use butter instead of margarine?
Bread dough doesn&#39;t keep its shape
Roast beef in slow cooker for 7 hours on low then on high for another hour?
Easiest way to strain fry oil?
Keeping crushed ice from melting, without it joining back together
Substitution for fresh corn
How do you protect a pizza peel?
Questions about making hard kefir cheese
What is this cooking method called
How can I achieve large bubbles in my bread?
What previously manual techniques should I use a stand mixer for?
Grey mushroom cream sauce - why so dark?
Getting flavor powders to stick to nuts
Expiration Date on Milk
Can dried shrimp be used as a substitute for shrimp paste in a recipe for thai curry paste?
Cast Iron vs Steel
Are recirculation extractor hoods good?
Cooking eggs on cast iron
Does anyone know of a source of goat parmesan in the New York Area or a farm in New York that produces it?
Are Chives and Green Onions the same thing?
Getting seasoning into a roast
Vegetarian gluten free savouries
How can I speed up banana ripening?
When is MSG suitable and when is it not?
Is there a name for the mushy sludge that forms around/benath meat as it cooks?
What is the best frying pan for even heating, using a large pan on a much smaller burner?
home made cough sweets didn&#39;t set properly
Can I preserve the shelf-life of a cannoli?
Why throw away so much sourdough starter? Tartine Book no. 3
Can I cook hamburgers in the microwave oven?
What kinds of milk are low in carbs?
Help! Chicken and Wild rice soup needs some extra flavor
Bitter Cucumbers
Which part of the coffee brew is best?
Peanut Butter substitute in baking
What is the correct temperature when extracting saffron flavour?
Making Pumpkin Preserve
Does the location of where an octopus was imported from determine the flavor/quality of the meat?
Why does Weikfeild cocoa powder does not taste bitter?
What is a mealy tomato, and how would one use one?
How long can I leave a vegan chili simmering without components breaking down?
What is the difference between chocolate flavor cocoa powder and drinking chocolate?
Is there a difference between poached and steamed chicken?
Difference between boiling and steaming vegetables?
What does &quot;natural&quot; actually mean?
What types of rice are appropriate to use in a rice cooker?
How do I cook sticky rice/glutinous rice in my rice cooker?
substitute for shiso leaf in umeboshi makizushi
How should I make jam out of coffee cherries or coffee cherry husks?
How can I avoid my knife from &quot;dragging&quot; across my unbaked bread when making slashes to let steam escape while baking?
Is frozen vacuum packed hamburger safe to eat after thawing to room temperature?
Are arborvitae branches safe to use as a seasoning?
Pork Tenderloin Safe to eat?
Preventing white sugar from clumping in the canister
How does the carrot in deep fryer trick work?
Where can I find &quot;food safe&quot; glass marbles for sous vide cooking?
Dutch Oven alternative for campfire?
How should I cook skate wings
Utensil to thaw meat
How to pick avocadoes with small seeds?
Why did my storebought spaghetti sauce bubble out of the jar?
How long should chia seeds soak?
Can I candy pomegranate?
How should I prepare venison hind leg sous vide?
What else can I do with the rest of my Bulldog Sauce?
Can I Use Normal Household Glass Items to Steam Cook Inside Pots?
Is this chicken safe? silkie chicken edition
Where do you buy Indian spices online?
Heated up oil for frying, stirred it, tiny bubbles appeared and rose slowly but with very loud popping sound - why?
A cup of cilantro?
Slow Cooker makes a mess
Stir fry - garlic burns if I put it in first, what am I doing wrong?
Fajitas: Marinade Vegetables With Chicken
Does having spoiling food in your fridge cause other food to spoil faster?
Is it possible to make yogurt and cheese from spoiled milk?
Does vinegar have the same function as tartaric acid in a pavlova?
Can I make puff pastry with half the butter?
Is it really necessary to wipe the powder off of dried kombu?
I am trying to cook Buta no Kakuni or Japanese pork belly but it&#39;s tough
Choux pastry What to do when I make a mistake with it
Why is expired frozen chicken safe to eat?
can you cool manicotti noodles off completly before stuffing
What is the shelf life of a garlic bulb, with the &quot;skin&quot; still on, left in the fridge?
Sour tasting bamboo
Why is my dough not very stretchy?
OK to &quot;recook&quot; partially cooked poultry?
What determines if the handle of a pan gets hot while in use?
Worried about dangers of rotten food (including smell)
Does wrapping banana stems actually prolong their life?
Modernist / molecular cuisine with a microwave?
Is candle wax and cheese wax the same thing?
How long does uncooked meat last when kept in the freezer?
Tetrasodium pyrophosphate
What is the impact of high heat on wine?
Should a rare steak bleed?
What can I use instead of butter for Jamie Oliver&#39;s steak recipe?
Does method of coagulation matter when extracting ricotta from whey?
Brownie Questions
Why doesn&#39;t deep frying &#39;wet&#39; the food?
How can bitterness from dried mushrooms be avoided?
what to use in place of marjoram in vegetable soup
How long can I store soaked beans before cooking?
Is there a way to forestall vanilla bean marrow falling to bottom of cr&#232;me?
Where can I find a quality comparison for Zwilling Knives?
Are smoothies and milk shakes the same things with different names?
How long can I reuse this delicious bacon grease for cooking?
What is the difference between instant and filter coffee?
How do you fry chicken, so that oil doesn&#39;t explode on your shirt?
What is the US equivalent of &quot;Joint of Sirloin&quot;?
whats the best way to bottle home made condiments and spice rubs?
Chocolate fondant vs. liquid chocolate cake
What went wrong with my cookie dough?
Massaman Curry with indian spices
Espresso machine has to warm up halfway through pulling a shot
Is Bar Keeper&#39;s friend safe to use on cookware?
Should I make my own Hoisin Sauce?
Is spicy chicken by default buffalo chicken?
What are the differences between candy thermometers and meat thermometers?
How to make edges on pancakes be crispy and the inside soft
How do I find a recipe for the New Years Treat of Kozenach?
Substitute for ground crayfish?
Does using dark corn syrup instead of light affect the white color I usually get making fondant?
Why can I resuse green tea leaves several times, but not black?
Why is my Green Tea Brown but then Green when I reuse the bag?
Benefits of boiling meatballs before frying them
How do you wash fruit and veggies effectively?
is it okay to wash vegetables by soaking/submerging?
What is a good pine nut substitute for pesto?
Cookie dough crust
Is a jug of milk left out for 12 hours at room temperature safe to drink?
On an electric stove, does the smaller burner produce fewer BTUs than the larger burner?
Should I freeze gyoza before or after cooking?
Why does my bread smell like vinegar?
How to properly clean a bundt mold without ruining the surface
What oil to use when cooking steak, and what difference does it make?
What can I do to make my Cheese &amp; Onion Pie freeze well?
Why does my asparagus turn out too chewy?
Milk vs. Dark vs. Semi-sweet vs. Bitter-sweet chocolate?
How do I carve a 2D Betty Boop cake?
My own Grenadine
White chocolate ganache won&#39;t set
Can I continue to age store bought cheese?
Packed meat unrefrigerated storage
Chalky smell in bread dough?
Pie Crust -- Cutting to mix
Reverse engineer the Perfect Japanese Omelet
How do I make the beef in my beef stroganoff more tender?
Is apple to be grated a wet or dry ingredient?
How do I get my homemade english muffins to taste like english muffins?
How to make my meringues less sticky?
Hand made pasta with wholemeal flour
How do you make Yorkshire Puddings rise reliably?
Machine ground wheat flour vs hand ground wheat flour
Substitutions for greek yogurt?
What is a non-alcoholic substitute for rum in a glaze?
How to make a glorified homemade New York deli dinner
How do I prevent an egg cracking while hard boiling it?
My french bread dough did not rise on the second rise after forming the loaves
Can I substitute agar-agar for gelatin in pudding?
What exactly is essence?
Make Ahead Quesadillas
Are vanillin/vanilla powder safe to use in savory dishes?
Why is there so much crema on my espresso?
Do I cover a fermenting a bread starter
How do I pound chicken (or other meat) without making a mess?
Cooking &quot;purple sweet potatoes&quot; or &quot;purple yams&quot;
Can whole milk be used to make fresh cheeses like marscapone?
If I can&#39;t find baking soda or baking powder, what should I do?
Hanging at home
Additional Cooking Time When baking more than one loaf of quick bread
How long does it take to smoke a chicken?
How do I make brown rice bread rise without any wheat flour?
Why does my food turn out poorly using an All-Clad Stainless-Steel Fry Pan?
Making baking powder substitute with baking soda and powdered citric acid
How to make baking soda
Can I substitute almond milk for heavy cream in chocolate glaze?
Can I make fermented lemon soda using yogurt cultures?
What does the egg white do in peppermint creams?
How many ounces is a British &quot;tin&quot; of tomatoes?
What are the differences between an induction stove and a regular electric stove?
Is it bad to eat cheese after its expiry date?
Can I make risotto without wine?
How to do English breakfast at home
What types of alcohol will make meat tender when marinating?
What is the difference between chickpeas and garbanzo beans?
Can I use a Dutch oven for cooking sauces?
baking bread with all-purpose flour
How to make creamier and softer vegan coconut ice-cream?
The persimmon jam makes my tongue dry
Why skim &quot;scum&quot; from the surface of a simmering stock?
Would this cheat puff pastry really work?
Rice flour: weight to volume
What can be used as an alternative for Applesauce?
Transporting confections
How much is a sleeve of celery?
Caffeine pills don&#39;t dissolve in hot tea
Can spaghetti noodles replace lo mein noodles?
Why is my bread so dense and moist?
Are there any cons to heating orange and grape juice?
Is unopened mascarpone cheese still good if not refrigerated?
egg yolks and egg whites
I want to make a mug cake, can i use hot chocolate mix instead of cocoa?
Do bakeries generally knead dough for bread by hand or use a machine?
What is the best and fastest way to liquify Nutella chocolate spread?
Substitute for Onion Powder
Golden Syrup best before date
How do you make Hull Hotcakes?
Substitute for baking parchment
How important is the creaming process while making a cake?
What&#39;s wrong with my oven?
What does a Thai Scented Candle impart?
Are there carcinogens in grilled foods?
How do I ensure my deep dish crust gets cooked
Cooking away alcohol
Cooking pasta in the microwave
Do frozen ahi tuna steaks need to be seared?
How long boiled egg can be stored in fridge?
Which torch to buy for finishing sous vide meat? Butane or propane?
What does a meat thermometer display if the meat temperature is uneven?
why does my non dairy creamer not dissolve in coffee?
What is the world&#39;s hottest pepper?
How does rub or marinade actually seep into meat?
Translating cooking terms between US / UK / AU / CA / NZ
What is &#39;Musk&#39; as used in this recipe
What is the best way to find a reliable pepper mill?
Why did my Cr&#232;me Fraiche split?
Differences between haddock versus cod
Can I refreeze gravlax made from previously frozen salmon
Is Beer Can Chicken safe?
Why is the rice in my mushroom risotto always very hard?
What to do with grapefruit seeds?
Does liver reheat well?
What does the &quot;bold&quot; setting on my Cuisinart coffee maker do?
What are ways to reduce cellulose in vegetables and fruits?
How to make thick and fluffy pancakes?
Can you interchange oil and butter in emulsified sauces?
Moving cast iron from fridge to stove
Spicy foods and weight loss
Are California veggies bigger?
Can I flavor powdered sugar with vanilla beans or citrus zest?
Does the foam head affect the taste of cola?
Is Casu Marzu illegal in the United States?
What&#39;s the best way to store rice long-term?
Storing lamb shanks
What&#39;s the difference between Salami and Pepperoni?
When is it necessary to cover food with aluminum foil during baking/roasting?
Vegemite beyond expiry date?
What is the difference between pizza sauce and spaghetti sauce?
White wine substitute in potato leek soup
Why add salt to the water when cooking pasta?
Cleaning habanero oils off of tools
Cast iron pan has black residue on it
How to make softer scones?
Should cold turkey and roast beef be heated before putting on the gravy?
Dry sous vide steak
Slow roasting potatoes
Mung beans take 10+ days to sprout
Lightly defrost chicken in microwave to separate them
Can demi glace be done with fewer steps
What international cooking terms sound similar but have different meanings?
Why does asparagus microwave so fast?
How can I stop chocolate chips sinking to the bottom when I make cakes?
Attempting to make Coconut Pringles - dough too crumbly
How to store hard boiled eggs that are peeled so to avoid moisture build up?
Can I substitute vanilla extract for cocoa powder in a cupcake recipe?
How do I stop my pastry shrinking?
Why is glucose not used in many cake recipes?
Are bunya-bunya nuts safe to eat if the shells are moldy?
Does cooking raw meat/poulty extend its shelf life?
How to bake Frozen French Fries
Does cooking a meat that&#39;s about to expire lengthen how long it&#39;s &quot;good&quot; for?
Doubling a red velvet cake recipe
Are there any risks using a non-microwavable plastic plate in the microwave?
How do I cut out the vein/tendon from a chicken breast tendorloin?
Cooking time adjustment for large quantities of stew
How to maintain a smooth seasoning on carbon steel skillets?
Power went off while baking!
In what container should I put lemon water for storage?
To lid or not to lid?
What is the proper ratio of heavy cream to chocolate for a thick ganache?
Fruit Tea- Tastes Sour?
What is the purpose of using ice cubes in smoothies over frozen fruit?
What does an American recipe mean by “1 tablespoon vanilla”?
How much Saffron to use?
French-press coffee has a powdery taste
Why did my thai curry have a bitter aftertaste?
substitution of whipping cream for water in jello
Making Duck Prosciutto
Turning home made chicken stock into broth
Freezing traditional Greek dishes
How can one use Thai basil stems and flowers?
Should lemongrass be edible or just a flavoring?
Using Unused Pickling Juice
Will peeling and slicing potatoes prevent them from sprouting further?
Is there a substitute for tamari and soy as I have a soya allergy?
enriching thai curry with milk?
Does glass bottled orange juice taste bad because of leached metals?
Waxed or unwaxed lemons?
What is the most effective method to mince candied ginger?
Tomato bisque soup too sweet
What teas with natural caffeine can be used for lemon tea?
What are the advantages of vanilla sugar?
What juices to use in cake?
Help finding information on Marble coated woks
Can cheesecake be cooked without a spring-form pan?
What do I need to know about temperature and food safety?
How long can eggs be unrefrigerated before becoming unsafe to eat?
Why do sun-dried tomatoes taste different than fresh tomatoes?
Spolied Meat Test?
What will the best ratio for cream : madagascar vanilla bean?
Will Cinnamon ever dissolve in a cocktail?
What would be the effect of doubling the egg in this bread?
How to store a double iced cake
Can I substitute green cardamon for black cardamon in curry?
Air bubble on surface of chocolate
Why does my roast beef smell wonderful but tastes bland?
My flatbreads are still doughy inside after cooking?
What can I do to prevent big holes in the bottom of bread loaves?
Low-sodium alternatives for Asian cooking sauces?
Browning Avocados - What Helps?
What is &quot;Less Sodium Soy Sauce&quot;?
Why can&#39;t I get that grilled taste from my outdoor grill?
What kind of peppers are used in Gochugaru (고추가루)?
Mochi: pounded vs. from rice flour
Can you help me identify these cookies?
What temperatures do low-medium-high on the stove correspond to?
Cooking, freezing, recooking, and refreezing chicken
What causes gnocchi to pop violently when fried?
How to get the flavors to meld when I add fruit and sugar to plain yogurt?
my black garlic cooking in a rice cooker went brown and hard before black any ideas?
Refreezing cooked chicken
Cooking Large Quantity of Chicken Legs
Why is 180 degrees C so common in recipes?
Can I accelerate the prep time for small tapioca pearls?
Can I make sourdough starter with raw potatoes?
How can I get my Starbucks coffee to taste like the Starbucks store?
Homemade nori -&gt; aonori?
Can an enameled dutch oven be used for stir frying?
Should rice be washed with hot water or cold water?
Making chocolate covered strawberries without parchment paper
Extent of poultry denaturing via freezing(ice crystal formation)?
Chili with bitter aftertaste and not enough kick
My sauerkraut brine seems slightly slimy but the batch otherwise seems normal--is it ok?
How do I finely process/puree a large amount of chillies?
Why did my steak marinade not make a difference?
Why wait for water to boil?
What is the lowest and slowest way I can bake pork ribs?
What is the ideal grind for making espresso?
Will hard boiled eggs absorb salt through the shell?
Can the duration of the whistle determine if food inside a pressure cooker is cooked
Is free-range chicken more flavourful?
Which vegetables we should not store in the fridge and why?
Why don&#39;t most non-East Asian varieties of rice stick together?
What is the difference between grape and cherry tomatoes?
Do quality adjectives have a standard?
Did I make butter, or something else?
What&#39;s the best approach to get runny-yolk sunny side up fried eggs?
How can I tell if my acorn squash is ripe before cutting it open?
Help with flavours for authentic Italian pasta sauce?
Can Kale be hot like horseradish?
How do I practice piping icing without wasting icing and money?
Why do scrambled/fried eggs stick less when cooked with butter instead of oil?
Why does a cake recipe call for 2 tbsp of hot water?
Why &quot;Yeast Extract&quot;
How to make good looking cake pops?
Can I slow cook a 3.25 beef roast for 4 hours on high, refridgerate in the crock pot overnight and then cook on low again in the morning for 4 hours?
Garlic in Olive Oil
Why does lemon juice thicken condensed milk?
When is it OK to crowd the pan?
Can coconut oil yield the same texture as butter/shortening in a cake?
Does preferment add sourness to taste of bread?
when do I tenderize my steak?
Why do you need to refrigerate bread dough overnight?
can someone tell me what exactly is msg used for?
What is this fungus/lichen in my Garam Masala? (“Trifle”/truffle?)
What is a substitute for red or white wine in a recipe?
Kebab cooking rules
Blowtorch - hardware store vs kitchen store. Is there a difference?
How much does one cup of fresh spinach weigh?
Pressure canning stock
How can I produce a more soggy Neapolitan pizza crust?
Can I descale/decalcify my coffee machine without a special product?
Why is my quiche weeping?
Alternative to low calorie spray for frying sausages?
How can I get my bacon flatter?
Why add vanilla extract after removal from the heat, and what about fake vanilla extract?
Substituting Lard for Soy Shortening
Does brewing tea for longer result in higher caffeine content?
Choc pudding, cook &amp; serve hasn&#39;t thickened
Is white rice bleached before being processed?
Chicken stock in slow cooker - danger zone?
hard crack candy coming out too sticky
Why boil adzuki beans for anko twice?
Lasagne package says cook from frozen
Do Asian groceries carry vital wheat gluten?
Will MSG improve taste of a food for someone who dislikes the food itself or will it make it worse?
Flat Yorkshire Pudding
Can food spoil at cold temperatures?
How to adapt brownie recipe to cook well in a mini-muffin tin?
What kind of pan is this? (photo) How would you use it?
How much does a cup of Nutella weigh?
Is hardware store blowtorch propane safe for grilling?
Why does store-bought peanut butter in a jar have so much more oil than fresh ground?
What to do about yeast that doesn&#39;t work?
Do I always need to peel the avocado or I can just chop it?
Ideal coffee grind for a French Press?
Are there any situations where untempered chocolate is better than tempered?
Can I make my own bread-machine flour?
Minimalist Burger Patties
Cheese Extract - How to Use it?
Chicken Tikka Masala tastes a bit off
How to clean mushrooms?
Does injera require a starter?
What kind of cheese is the result of boiling milk with vinegar at home?
Can you develop an immunity to chopping onions causing tears?
Are refrigerated hard boild eggs really unsafe after a week?
Medium sauces versus Mild!
Keeping rice paper spring rolls moist
Chicken curry in a slow cooker turns out watery
How is bacon powder used?
Is it not possible to can some species of fish without adding oil?
Baked item that would catch on fire/smoke?
Making that little butter thing you put on top of steak
What difference would using Rock Sugar make in tea?
How do I make paneer firm and chewy like in the restaurant?
What characteristics should a bread peel have?
Teryaki sauce becomes viscous after boiled
Expiry date of custard powder?
How do I flip an egg when preparing it &quot;over easy&quot;?
How do I prepare fresh clams for clam chowder?
Non-dairy substitute for cheese on baked potatoes
What were the primary reasons for different livestock consumption habits of countries and cultures?
Should I cover food while reheating it in a microwave?
What can I use to replace beet sugar syrup for cookies?
Fast caramelized taste for soup
How to keep dust and cat hair off cast iron pan?
How to clean fresh champignons?
How to make a stable culinary Parmesan foam
Which foods are certain to never cause food poisoning?
Easiest way to peel pomelos?
How is P&#226;t&#233; made? What are the ingredients?
Is there a quick, easy, mess-free way to peel an orange (or grapefruit)?
How long can I keep unleavened dough at room temperature?
What are the correct simmering times for chicken/vegetable stock?
How Long Can I Store Seasoned, Vacuum Sealed Chicken
What can I do to thicken the mixture in a meat &quot;cup?&quot;
How to minimize the impact of unpopped kernels and kernel shards in popcorn?
What properties allow something to be considered &quot;milk&quot;?
Does it matter what kind of sugar is used in baking?
What are &#39;boiling potatoes&#39;?
How to store cut fruits &amp; vegetables for days?
Can You Blowtorch A Pig Skin to Make it Crispy?
How can I prevent strawberries from discolouring cream?
When you try to &quot;catch&quot; yeast from the air: is it normal for the flour and water to split
Why remove the skin and seeds of a tomato?
Pyrex Percolator on stove?
How do I clean my hob?
Lining a frying pan with aluminum foil to reduce post-cooking cleanup?
Desalinating dried/smoked fish
How can I fry leftover mashed potato?
How does one remove the &quot;fishy flavor&quot; from seafood?
Malva pudding recipe containing too much bicarb and vinegar?
Inexpensive vacuum sealer not pulling out air
Which is the best culinary book (a reference guide) for study at home?
Is it safe to drink from a mug that has a hole in the glazing and was made in China?
Using parchment paper to bake whoopie pies
How do I get the smell of burnt food off of the inside of my microwave oven?
Chicken stock quantity to substitute for 1 stock cube (knorr)?
Can you freeze egg noodle pasta?
Wild Mustang champagne cocktail
Homemade double/heavy cream separates after setting in the fridge
Why is there a watery run-off after cooking my bolognese?
Frozen sea squirts: any suggests on cleaning/preparing?
How can I get my chocolate cake to taste less like a brownie?
Wok comparison for induction
Cooking Buckwheat without the smell
Where to place the oven thermometer in an oven?
How to avoid burned layer on seared hamburger?
Smoke alarms go off now that we have a gas stove didn&#39;t when we had electric
What is the spicy kick in &quot;Kraft Tangy Spaghetti&quot; box meal?
Chicken breasts, frozen then thawed in refrigerator
Do I need Malt Vinegar for pickling onions?
Panda Express style Chow Mein
Dehydrating eggs
Adding more bones to a finished stock?
How long can a pitcher of tap water be left out, and still be drinkable?
Sesame Oil vs Toasted Sesame Oil
Ideas for a banana dessert crust, gluten free
What grains are gluten free?
Three day old pancake batter with grey spots
Removing that eggy smell from cakes
making pie crust using oil or not
How to keep a chocolate fondue in a liquid form?
Preserving Nerds / Pop Rocks so they activate in the mouth and not in the food
How do I preserve a tomato&#39;s freshness after it is cut?
Should I delay adding barley when making vegetable barley soup?
Mix parmesan cheese &amp; garlic into sourdough bread dough before or after first rising?
Substitute to milk in coffee?
Cooking beef: how to make it tender?
How long should I cook a carvery shoulder of lamb, and at what temperature?
shelf life for chocolate chips
How to use a honey dipper?
Difference between instant cocoa and drinking chocolate
Are olives always salty
What is the maximum internal temperature of baked goods?
Clarification needed on pots and pans in the dishwasher
How can I know how long home-cooked food will stay good in fridge?
Ground Beef vs. Ground Pork
Cooking peanut butter cookies, is there any adjustment using crunchy vs. creamy?
What ingredients make powdered sugar not gluten-free?
Oil in Ramen broth
What is the best marker for writing on glass?
Keeping scrambled eggs with tomatoes from being too watery
Moldy Home Made Bread
Spices and Baking
Are slightly moldy beets edible after boiling?
Cooked pork left out overnight
What is the type of cheese in &quot;chips and cheese&quot; UK fast-food? (with photos)
Cannot find very simple Egg Scrambler
What can I do if I didn&#39;t process my salsa long enough?
How do I adjust cooking time for dense fruitcake in smaller pans
How to turn Extract into syrup
Why does roasting add a flavour to the peanuts?
Jam scum after sealing
frozen chips always take longer
How to infuse flavours in alcohol?
Does gin &quot;bruise&quot;?
What temperature to cook a pork tenderloin at?
How do I make sugar-free ice cream without a machine?
Can I substitute canola or safflower oil for vegetable oil when making granola?
Tips for cooked chicken to stay juicy half a day
What will happen if I leave out hardboiled eggs in water for four weeks?
Choreography of making many yorkshire puddings
How to make ice cream without a machine?
What&#39;s the difference between a cupcake and a muffin?
Can I use sage tea as a herb while cooking
Some tahini tastes very salty, other tahini does not. Why?
Better Scrambled Eggs
How to get rid of the taste of flour in homemade bakery?
How much to reduce salt when using salted butter in place of unsalted butter
How to ferment dosa batter?
Why are there holes in pasta dough when it is cold
Making saucisson sec from salami at home
Secrets to making crystal clear gelatin?
How hot should the oil be when preparing schnitzel?
Flank Steak Sous Vide - Blood Spots?
Why does my ganache keep breaking?
Why did my pound cake turn out dry?
What&#39;s the size of the plastic cup that came with my rice cooker?
Best tool for quickly cutting vegetables into a salad?
smoking chicken know how
Vacuum-packed (or not?) bacon, safe to use?
Food Poisoning Prevention
dehydrating food with a vacuum chamber
How can I keep pasta from sticking to itself?
Sous Vide long cook meat prep?
How do I avoid chunks of butter in non-homogenized milk?
Why did my sweet potato hash turn soggy when frying in a non-stick pan, and crispy in a cast iron?
Why does microwave popcorn burn?
What is the proper way to maintain a can opener?
Baking Turnips But are coming out burnt or soggy
Can I substitute cocoa for semisweet chocolate?
How to make sugar glass without corn syrup or cream of tartar?
What are &quot;fondi di carciofo&quot; called in English?
What is the meaning of the term whole grain?
Is this yeast classed as instant yeast?
How can I create a scotch egg with a runny yolk?
How to know whether the oven&#39;s door has loosened and leaking out some energy or is as tight as it was when new?
What can I do to help prevent flatulence from beans?
How long / to what temperature should I let meat rest?
Can I use Cheddar cheese for pizza?
Black Beans - Toss the soak water?
Low Hassle, Knead-Free Doughs
How to keep fresh-squeezed fruit juice?
How to roast peanuts for peanut butter?
Sweet rice recipe help? Panama cook book recipe
Roasting a frozen Creole Pork Leg?
Baking in gas oven does not brown the top
How to season / care for a Bundt pan?
Is it safe to cook pork chops that thawed on counter overnight?
What are some dishes indigenous to Seattle?
How to mount a ham?
What makes Kewpie (Japanese) mayonnaise so different from Hellmann&#39;s?
Replacement for the ring seal or gasket in a blender
What is the difference between regular (vege. oil) and butter recipe cake mixes?
Starters vs Entree
How do you stop banana flower soup from tasting astringent?
Why or why not beat an egg before adding?
How to Judge the Appropriate Feeding Schedule for Immature Sourdough Starter
What&#39;s the difference between a flauta and a taquito?
In peanut butter cookies, what is the criss-crossed pattern on the top good for?
What can I substitute for eggs in a pancake recipe?
Is there anything I can add to homemade bread to preserve it?
Why does caffeine taste bitter when added to tea?
How to bake 3 large pans of lasagna in a regular size oven
Using beet stock
How to reduce the beany flavour of soya milk and tofu
What are some alternative wines for Boeuf Bourguignon?
Why does some cookie recipes both put sugar and brown sugar? Also can we use sweetener like stevia instead of sugar in recipes?
How do I melt the chocolate in a s&#39;more?
Why is cocoa powder sometimes used in chocolate cakes when chopped semisweet chocolate is already used?
How to dry out rehydrated dried mangos?
How to smoke chicken without it coming out tough?
How would you make a roux efficiently?
&quot;Instant&quot; leftover rice? Making leftover-like rice without the wait? (as in for fried rice)
Frozen bread dough that has been thawed out in the refrigerator for five days
How to judge the quality of pizza dough?
Adding things to sourdough starter culture,
Is sourdough actually sour?
Dissolving cocoa powder in milk
How to stop meatballs falling apart when frying
Unpeeled garlic cloves in French / Belgian cooking?
Spatchcocked turkey cooking time
Soda from fridge to room temperature
Is nigella oil (black cumin or black caraway) aromatic?
How long can cooked food be safely stored at room/warm temperature?
how long can I leave cooked meat out on the counter before it goes bad?
Best way to Sous vide two steaks to different temperatures
Why do marshmallows poof up so huge when put in the microwave?
What is the conversion ratio from whole potatoes to potato flakes?
Mushroom soup prep in advance
What are properties of good whole bean coffee?
How do I cook ribs Chinese style?
Green tomato soup calls for creme fraiche. I cannot have creme fraiche. If I add heavy creme will it be ok?
Red and blue Antimo Caputo 00 flour
How to avoid cinnamon sludge in a beverage?
How to make cheesecake less tangy
Best recipe databases?
Local special ingredients on Cape Cod
American cheese availability and utility
Why do choc chip cookies change with different temperature butter?
How do I control the smoke from a chimney starter?
Sushi rice vinegar proportions
Can someone please give an explanation of different egg preparations?
What are qualities that are needed in a stand mixer?
Can I boil milk unattended (and still keep the pan clean)?
&#39;Sweet milk&#39; substitute in an old recipe
Why is there a difference between softened and melted butter when baking?
Can I leave uncooked rice sitting in water for an hour or longer before cooking?
Egg muffin tin cooking
Thickening Alfredo sauce
spanish rice ran out of liquid and is getting sticky
Does Domino&#39;s use rennet-free cheese?
How can I turn my muffin batter into the natural blue color from blueberries?
Is there any advantage of applying dry rub overnight for baby back ribs for smoking?
Is there any diminishing return on grinding spices for a &quot;tea&quot;?
Why does my corn flour dough feel like wet sand?
How much oil should you use when stir frying a single portion?
How long does tahini last past expiration date?
Best Practices for Cooking with Psyllium Husk?
What is a blended sauce?
Will this pan works with induction?
I&#39;m trying to make yogurt, but it won&#39;t turn out. Can someone help?
Are seeds in melons and other fruits good to eat?
What is the difference between roasting, baking, and broasting?
What&#39;s the point of roasting a whole chicken?
Best way to cleanly cut brownies?
How do I make the panko bread stick to my egg-coated chicken?
Catering event for 1st time. How should I prepare?
Standardized symbols for marking food allergies / warnings?
Why are the blueberries in my blueberry muffins not melting?
Why does my pavlova always look like this?
How to stop my cupcakes from sticking to their cupcake wrappers?
How to reduce the heat on a gas burner
What is the diference between a quinoa burger, a quorn burger, and a soya burger?
Bread with no salt
Adding Pulses (Legumes) in Powder Form to Bread
Convert fresh basil leaves to a dry measurement
How much coffee do I need to grind per 4 cups of coffee?
Substituting Chicken Broth in Split Pea Soup
How does one break long bones for broth?
Why is my bread dough sticky?
White cloudy areas on bottom of new stainless steel skiillet…
Stainless Steel Pan -- gray bottom. Why?
What is the ideal temperature for water added to chickpea flour for falafel?
Is Dextrose the same as Atomized Glucose Powder?
How can I get crispy skin when pan frying fish?
1/4 cup of whiskey in cupcake batter substitute what type of liquid? And use the same amount?
What difference does oxygen content of tea water make?
Using low oven temperature to accelerate proofing
How can I remove excess fat from stews or soups without refrigerating?
How should I store this BBQ sauce for later use?
How do I stop fresh fish from falling apart while cooking?
Garlic turning green?
Safety of Blue / Green Garlic
What can I make a baking form from?
How to cook beef shank so that it is fall-off-the-bone tender?
What cheeses work &#39;best&#39; in melted cheese sandwich applications?
I need melted butter
Is there a quick substitute for condensed milk?
Freshly ground coffee, how fresh should it be?
Oniony coleslaw
When smoking ribs what is the 3-2-1 or the 3-2-2 method refer to?
What can be substituted for vinegar in sushi rice?
Folding in egg whites
How should I store a cut bell pepper?
Should I wash newly bought plastic tumblers?
How to stop sushi nori tasting too strong?
Cast iron pan flaking
Beans, bacon, and chicken
How do I ripen a Mango?
How do you raise your dough in cold seasons?
Can you beat eggs inside their own shell?
Why does my coffee sometimes taste sour?
Cooking pots overheated
How do I get a chewy crust from homemade pizza dough?
Skimming foam from stock without removing floating spices
What does the oil do in a marinade?
What is the purity test for Olive oil?
How do you halve a recipe that calls for 1 egg?
How is mass egg-frying performed?
is electricity smell from microwave after metal was put in it mean the microwave is ruined?
Botulism Olives, Olive Oil and garlic
Botulism, Garlic, Cold pressed Olive oil and mason jars
What does the clock-like symbols under plastic containers mean?
Using Jaggery as Substitute for Sugar
What is the difference between whipped cream and whipping cream?
What happens if I brine my turkey for 2 days?
Are my refrigerated pork chops &amp; onions safe to eat?
Difference between parsley and coriander(cilantro)?
What is &quot;Fish Sauce&quot; typically used for?
What should go in an Italian Sub sandwich?
How do I get more flavor in the interior of a brisket?
What happened to my duck?
Too much water in box cake mix batter. Can it be fixed?
how long to cook stuffed chicken breasts
How long will homemade Pico de Gallo last in the refrigerator?
What causes water to boil over?
Shatter resistant tea carafe/pitcher/pot
What is the temperature range for food not to burn your mouth?
Chocolate Berry Cake with Berries as main batter ingredient?
Would boiling make escargot safe if they were carrying parasites or bacteria?
How many times can I use a salt block?
Culturing Yeast in Dough
What are the pros and cons of coarse and fine coffee ground?
How can I scale down a high-yield recipe that calls for a single egg?
Yeast and Flour for Panasonic Bread Maker
How much fizz in water carbonated with ISI whipper?
Why does my knife leave grey streaks in the butter?
How to prevent Meringue from turning chewy/gummy-like?
How do you make meringues?
At what temperature should monkfish be prepared?
Should I be scared of chicken livers? Can I make them less scary? (Ragu Bolognese)
How to counteract excessive saltiness in dried fish?
Can I replace flour in a soup recipe with a 1 to 1 gluten free flour?
How long should I saute garlic?
Should I rinse canned beans before using them?
How do you make tapioca from cassava?
Is there any reason not to keep fruits inside nalewka for too long?
What does the Cinnamon in my coffee turn into?
How to write the so called wooden tomato / wooden potato in Chinese (and where to find it)?
How long does Peanut Oil keep
Why is some metal safe to use in a microwave, but others not?
Cinnamon Roll Filling
Should ciabatta sandwich rolls be dry and dense?
What temperature is &#39;High&#39; in a 950 watt microwave?
When to add vegetables to stew?
What can I do to prevent the gaseous side effect of sunchokes?
Cooking slow-roasted pork to 190F?
Water vs olive oil when saut&#233;ing
Is there a safety issue with freezing raw chicken with raw stuffing?
Will cooking meat with the thermometer in affect the cooking time?
What is the best way to store and manage tahini?
What limitations are there to sauteeing with water?
Cooking beans with intact skins
Graphing oven temperature over time
Using Cheesecloth for Pancetta
How does the number of eggs affect a cookie recipe?
Substitution for idealmj&#246;l
What can be substituted for green onions when making crab cakes?
What is a good substitute for Fish Sauce?
Microwave Butternut Squash
Is unnecessary refrigeration problematic?
Preparing Meats using Dry Rubs
Pork in crock pot
Inulin reduction in Jerusalem Artichokes
Pumpkin rotting, need to process it now - any ideas with a long shelf life?
Are the leftovers from making stock good for anything?
How does a coffee bean get its smokey flavor?
What kind of herbs are common in Italian dishes?
Meat left out at room temp for 2 hours
Is my biga supposed to be liquid?
How do you remove the stickiness from reusable plastic container or lid?
What is the &#39;cleanest&#39; way to roast eggplants indoor?
Why is the texture of the pasta in a store-bought pasta salad different to the texture of pasta I&#39;ve cooked at home?
How thick should be the sponge for a swiss roll?
What would this sauce be called?
Should tamarind pulp go into Pad Thai sauce?
What are the pros/cons of serving the salad dish before/after the main dish?
Name of a greek spice that sounds like &quot;bakari&quot;
How do I make my Thai curry with paste taste better?
When should food colouring be added to part of a batch of bread dough?
Is it safe to prepare a crock pot recipe the night before?
How to make &quot;white&quot; jello using aloe vera jelly pack for broken glass dessert
How to dry out mash - added too much milk
Cooking Cheap Cuts of Beef
Storing cooked rice in fridge
What can I use in place of sherry in a recipe with king prawns, garlic and paprika?
How to make wet fries?
How to thicken Thai curry
Multitasking with oven ( roast and potatoes)
How to deal with a fresh hare?
Boiling Chicken Breast (or any meat) before cooking to cook evenly
omelettes and scrambled eggs - How long can I store them?
Is it feasible to cook a gourmet tasting menu in a home kitchen?
Is it safe to marinate olives with garlic and oil?
How do I ensure my cooked meat turns out moist?
Is it possible to churn butter in a food processor or blender?
Can my syrupy jelly be processed again to make it set, or do I need to start over?
Should I boil canned food in water?
How to substitute in baking so the result is both egg- and gluten-free?
Is this cooking method likely to yield a tasty pork chop?
Spicy margarita jelly not setting up
Can food be boiled &quot;extra fast/hard&quot; in water?
What is the easiest way to remove the papery covers from the peanuts?
Coffee Biscuit doesn&#39;t come out in Knock Box
What are the factors that affect the chewiness, softness, moisture of bread based desserts like cinnamon rolls?
Can I replicate these Cafe Noir cookies?
Is there a way to safely can pesto sauce?
What exactly does carbonated water do?
Make seitan &quot;fattier&quot;
Freezing potato mash made with root and fresh vegetables
Making cake balls with a not-so-sweet frosting
Spongy ground venison
Can you put egg shells down the garbage disposal?
Custard curdling/splitting
frozen blueberries kept thawed
Substituting margarine for butter in cookies
Possible dangers of home fermentation of vegetables
What to do with browned butter after frying a steak
How do you properly clean a cutting board and knife to prevent cross contamination?
How to get a smooth paste from ground chickpeas?
My ginger is blueish... is it safe?
Is unrefrigerated butter safe?
Why let dough rise twice?
How to mix ingredients in bread machine?
Do successful french macarons really need precise weight measurements?
Flour alternatives for roux
Getting correct baking consistency when using stevia as sugar substitute
Should you avoid cooling a frying pan with water?
Sous vide chuck roast or chuck steaks?
Can I pre-cook chicken in a sous vide bath while cooking something else?
Prevent uneven browning with breadcrumb chicken?
Is there any danger to letting food cook in a slow cooker for a very long time?
How do I adjust cooking time when temperature may be off by 5-10C?
What is the purpose of the light coating of flour in a three-step bound breading?
Squash Casserole: Reducing the water content?
Metal vs paper filter for Chemex?
How to Debone Oxtail?
Benefits of vinaigrette vs. pouring oil and vinegar separately on salad?
Store avocados for say a month
Softening nougat candy
Olive oil is extremely bitter - has it gone rancid?
Using fat as a preservative,
Keeping consistent quality of marinated meat throughout the day in a restaurant
Can/do apples and pears ripen?
Why do I need over ripe bananas for banana muffins?
How to adjust stewing time for different weights of meat?
How long does it take for buttermilk to go bad?
What is ground red pepper?
Pizza in Oven : Bottom/Mid/Top
Oolong leaves not unfurling
How would I produce (stable) foamy bechamel sauce?
What does it mean to &quot;fold in&quot; an ingredient into a mix?
making jam with brown (raw) caster sugar
Whole eggs versus folding in egg whites
Why does broccoli turn brown when steaming?
What can I do with an arm roast?
How important are eggs for a muffin recipe?
How to protect roasted coffee powder from degrading during daily use?
Best beef joint for slow cooker
What are marshmallows?
Why did people start using CO2 (instead of e.g. oxygen) for carbonated drinks?
Sous vide without plastic bags?
How to rest meat but not let it get too cold?
substitute beef for lamb?
Oil temp goes up when turkey breast is added - why?
A question about browning meat for spaghetti bolognese
Moldy black truffles-are they edible?
Milk for Coffee - Shake and Hit
Will my baked potatoes be ok cooked longer at a low temp?
Why did my caramel come out grainy?
How can I Saute Liver &amp; Onions and keep the liver moist?
Sous Vide and Plastic Melting?
Why are my sous vide salmon fillets coming out raw in the center?
Homemade lemon pancake syrup
Coffee Overflow
How can I make fresh burger buns like Hardees?
How do you convert a cake recipe to brownies?
Cracking almonds without a nutcracker?
Can I make any modern improvements to this Russian cake recipe from 1971?
Substituting for Madeira wine in a mushroom stuffed with sausage recipe
What is ground beef?
What is bakery emulsion and how is it different from flavoring extract?
What kind of rice can I use in a salt shaker to prevent clumping
What to do with dried vegetables that feel like a chewing gum?
Why are my dumplings made of evil?
Is it possible to oversoak wood chips for smoking?
Why do we soak and squeeze gelatine?
How to soft boil an egg
How long can I keep bread dough in the refrigerator?
meat loaf cooked in a crock pot left out all night
Replacement for alliums?
Can UHT milk be used to make yogurt?
White stains &amp; muddy deposits in stainless steel pots
How long do eggs last in the refrigerator out of the shell?
What can I substitute for dairy products in kosher meat dishes?
How do I pick the best fillet mignon at the supermarket?
Rendered pork fat vs lard vs bacon fat?
How to fry sepia?
How to imitate commercial fried chicken?
Quick bread formula?
Why don&#39;t they sell frozen tomatoes like other frozen vegetables and fruits?
What is a good substitute for Farro?
How to rescue a Hollandaise with too much lemon
How should baking soda be used to tenderize meat?
What is the name for the &#39;sweetness&#39; of cooling roast pork?
How do get the &quot;caramelized juices&quot; from yams
Why does frozen food seem to have lost its original taste and texture after reheating?
Can you safely use a cast-iron grill pan as a heat diffuser?
How do you prevent oatmeal from overflowing?
Braising with 2 dutch ovens - time?
Is it necessary to &quot;heal&quot; clay pots?
What should I look for in a new kitchen knife set?
Does wax on citrus fruit make the zest unsafe to eat or compromise its flavor?
What is the top layer of separated turkey gravy called?
Does garbage disposal horse power matter that much?
Where can I find food-grade beeswax?
Baking bread during the day
Mushroom replacement in Beef Wellington
Why not microwave veggies?
What advantages does a brasing pan have over a full Dutch/French oven?
What bean species are best for baked beans?
what size foil squares to wrap chocolate truffles?
how long does chilling take for this icecream recipe
How can I stop my buttercream being grainy?
Consistently getting cannoli shells off their molds easily
Why does a brown paper bag speed ripening?
What is the brown sauce in authentic Chinese fried rice?
Raw Kale - Korean side dish
Is honey considered vegan?
How to prevent Orecchiette from sticking to each other while cooking? How to separate in water?
Exactly how much is &quot;one glass&quot;, in Russian recipes?
What should the consistency of the meat filling of moussaka be like?
What are the advantages of a Santoku over a French Chef&#39;s Knife?
Is it normal to see flames inside my self-cleaning oven?
I left a fully cooked honeybaked ham out overnight, and i am planning on making it into soup-is that ok?
How should I store bolognese sauce prep?
Can I substitute whole eggs for egg whites in cake mix?
Can you substitute capers for green peppercorn?
White pepper vs. black pepper
How long do sharkfin melons keep?
Why did this fondue become grainy and lumpy?
Whipped cream without a mixer?
Why should or shouldn&#39;t I peel mushrooms?
Is fresh cod with worms safe to eat?
When carefully separating eggs, what to do with the chalazae?
Meat and fruit dessert
Chow Mein: What is the starchy sauce called and how can I cook it?
Frosting kept melting when trying to frost cake
How long should I cook pasta sauce?
Why isn&#39;t glass ideal for the fermentation of sauerkraut?
Parchment paper and crumb crusts?
How to turn a large piece of meat without losing breading
Emulating Starbucks Frappuccino Cream Base
Cooking a large pork roast in a slow cooker
Are sharkfin melon shoots really edible?
How much full cream milk do I need to make 100 gms Paneer (Cottage cheese) at home?
New to grinding meat
Truly long spaghetti
Ballotine of Foie Gras - chop or not?
Nutrient content of ground bison meat
Key ingredients for classic Sauce Bolognese (Rag&#249; Bolognese)?
How to make a Hungarian T&#250;r&#243; Rudi at home?
Are carrots safe to eat after they have turned black?
Calculate baking time for bread
Recommendations for spice organization strategies
Glasses/cups placed up or down in cubboard
Is there such a thing as a bone cleaver?
Frying Oil Reuse
Maintenance and safety of cast iron skillet
How can I chill ice coffee quickly?
Why do my pancakes taste dry?
What kind of rice is used in Chinese cooking?
How to store/what to do with leftovers from Ayurvedic ginger &amp; turmeric cold/flu drink?
What sauce could I use for haddock?
Cooking Wine in a Gas Oven?
What herbs and spices should a beginner cook have?
How deeply will the flavors in a brine penetrate chicken? (experiment results)
Can semifreddo be used in fried ice cream recipe?
Semifreddo vs Ice Cream
Is the white hemolymph that comes out of a lobster (when boiling) edible?
How can I tell whether beetroot is still edible?
Ginger vs Ginger Root
How to dry fruits without sunlight or a dehydrator?
Pink salt vs regular salt
How do I eliminate Corn Meal &quot;grittiness&quot;?
Using Milk Chocolate instead of unsweetened chocolate in a pie
How does soaking liver in milk work?
Can grilled steak be eaten next day if refrigerated and the heated in the oven?
Is it possible to overmarinade a steak?
Why does a cold saturated sugar solution melt chocolate?
What are the grey-black specks that appear when whipping cream in stainless steel bowl?
I am using agave instead of sugar, do I add more flour to keep things right in cookie dough?
How do you make pork rinds?
How to honey roast peanuts?
Does it matter if I freeze dough before proofing?
What are the breads with big holes and small holes called?
What is the functional difference between imitation vanilla and true vanilla extract?
Filtered or non-filtered soymilk maker?
Slightly bitter potatoes or onion
What is a good technique for making candy floss (cotton candy)?
Why is my chuck roast dry?
Is it ok to store open cans in the fridge?
Pressure cooker rice quality vs high-end rice cooker
Soup is too salty!
Fix fudge that is too rich
How to prevent cheese and certain other products from stinking up my fridge?
Why does my fudge always set up like a rock?
Can I prepare wasabi powder in advance?
How long does it take to warm a ham in the oven?
Why is it necessary for Turkish Coffee to start brewing with cold water?
What cattle do we get our &quot;beef&quot; from in the US?
I accidentally boiled away most of my soup, what can I do to recover it?
What is the difference between noodles and pasta?
regulating temperature in cheap offset smokers
How much of &quot;wasabi&quot; is actually wasabi in the United States?
Slow-fermented bread doesn&#39;t rise
Cleaning silver with aluminum
How much cake batter to make two 6&quot;x2&quot; cakes?
Refreezing stock after boiling
How much quantity of jaggery can replace 1 table spoon of white sugar?
Is it ok to let vegetables cool before roasting?
What difference does the bar pressure makes in espresso coffee machines?
How to use a bottom concave ebelskiver (&#198;bleskiver) pan on a glass cook-top stove?
How can I replace apples with peaches?
Rib Roast Rare standing up or lying down?
Turkey frying oil temperature issues
Can&#39;t get my Puff Pastry shells to rise
How to a prevent spoon from falling into soup?
How long to bake lasagne at lower temerature?
How to find a competent knife sharpener
Putting cure in fry sausage?
Boiling vs soaking rice noodles
Is it possible/advisable to slice deboned Jamon Iberico on a mandoline?
What is the substitution ratio for mini marshmallows to large marshmallows?
How to sweeten ganache for a chocolate lining
How to rice potatoes
One oven dinner
How can I grate soft cheeses?
Ideal way to cook a chicken
British &quot;pot&quot; of whipping cream?
Kutya- Ukranian Christmas recipe
How can I make these cookies less sweet without ruining the texture?
Which red pepper to use?
How is British tea prepared?
Cooking lamb that falls off the bone
Dry aging at home - is it really possible?
Oil Dates, If a cooking oil has never been open how long past the &quot;Use by date&quot; would be acceptable?
How can I extend shelf life of my cakes?
How do I take the heat out of my chili?
When is a food considered a delicacy?
Can I use a Wok ring on a gas range?
What is the best sugar for sweet short crust pastry?
How can I make a carob coating?
Is it safe to microwave Pyrex containers immediately after removing them from the freezer and removing the plastic lid?
Brining rack of lamb
How do you cook calamari / squid and avoid making it tough?
How to grease a pan without shortening or butter
How much turkey should I plan per person?
How can I harden the centre of a partly cooked christmas cake
Freezing meat - whole or in pieces?
Xmas ham on the BBQ
How to bake crushed peppermint into cake?
How to know potato is done boiling without poking it to check softness?
Simple syrup end result
Ingredients injected into chicken breast
P&#226;t&#233;s raw from inside in another oven - how to make them right in this oven?
How do I substitute out canned pumpkin pie filling
How to make &quot;salt-crust-baked&quot; chicken?
How do I get seasoning to stick to home-popped popcorn?
How long does ceviche keep?
Keep roast beef fresh?
Fudge not setting up-- any salvaging possible? Alternate uses?
How to cook Brussells Sprouts and sweet potates in one oven?
Why are roasts wrapped in foil?
Why did my nougat burn?
Fell asleep with slow cooker on warm for 9 - 10 hours? Still good?
Pavlova Roll failure
Making culinary foams for cocktails
What is a nutrient for yeast?
How do I make my sourdough bread dough stretchy and not have it tear?
Buttermilk substitute for making creme fraiche?
How do I prevent grainy fudge?
Oven Spring when first stage of recipe includes a ten hour first rise
What I can use to replace black beer on roast recipe?
Can Rum-balls be made without alcohol?
How do smaller but good restaurants keep/reheat roasted meat, particularly Prime Rib?
Cooking pork roast ahead of time for Christmas?
How long is garlic butter safe, and why is it not a botulism risk like garlic in oil?
What do you need for Chinese style Hotpot at home?
Fix a bad vegetable soup
Can the bacon in homemade &quot;Bacon Salt&quot; be made shelf stable?
Is there a difference between freezing meat at 26&#176;F and 0&#176;F?
Can&#39;t I just grease the Baking Sheet instead of using Parchment Paper
How do I render large quantities of fat?
How do you make guava juice?
Reducing Heavy Whipping Cream
When is it better to fry with oil and when is it better to fry with butter?
How-to Cut Baking Chocolate bar clean for perfect squares
Can meat freeze from the inside out?
Use by date on cacao butter
What flour and technique do I need for hand pulled noodles?
Tomato Sauce Turns Dark/Sweet
Mistakenly Used Egg Whites instead of Egg Yolks
Whipped cream running permanently from siphon
What can I use as an alternative sweetener for smoothies?
Relating the Color of meat to doneness
All my breads seem to taste and look the same
what kind of meat is used at carving stations?
What cut of beef do most restaurants use for carving roasts
How do I accurately take a chicken thigh&#39;s temperature?
Can I use Chocolate Chips in place of Semi-sweet baking chocolate?
Can refrigerated shredded mozzarella cheese go bad if the refrigerator door was left open overnight?
How to choose the right kind of flour?
Seeking a creamy/melty Swiss Cheese commonly available in the US
Why use yeast instead of baking powder?
Challah rolls open up when baking in the oven
What is the difference between corn flour and corn meal?
How do I get my chocolate chip cookies to turn out thick and soft?
How long is homemade spiced apple cider good for in a sealed Mason canning jar?
How to make a coconut bar?
Are Damascus steel kitchen knives worth it?
When is it appropriate to serve shrimp with the tail still attached?
What is the difference between various types of flour?
How can I prevent pastry becoming soggy when it has a filling and is stored overnight?
What is the procedure for Pillsbury cookies?
How to fry crispy bananas?
My chutney will not freeze, help!
Is there a way to make Beef Jerky at home?
crunch and crispy honey cookies
What is the best way to store fruit in bulk to make smoothies?
How to make cakes/scones that won&#39;t go off, for display purposes
I used evaporated milk instead of sweetened condensed milk in a fudge recipe. How do I fix this?
How are beef cuts labeled in Russian?
Is it safe to eat smoked bacon without grilling?
Egg Yolks in Making Tassies
How large does an oven need to be to fit a 18 lbs turkey?
How to include soy milk in bechamel
wet cured ham spoilage
What are &quot;rye sours&quot;?
Why is my meat grinder getting clogged with sinew?
How do restaurants make chicken fried rice? What ingredient am I missing?
How can I melt cheese for dipping?
Do pan &quot;pores&quot; exist, what are they, and what are their effects?
Fresh deer meat at room temprature still ok?
How to get good barley texture
If a recipe calls for canned beans and I want to use dried beans, what do I need to do to the dried beans first?
What seasonal vegetable side dishes are appropriate for Hungarian Goulash?
Can I use ocean water to cook my pasta?
Egg yolk sizes changed over the years?
How do I make bread with LOTS of seeds?
How can I store chopped onions in the fridge without the smell?
Best vegan substitute for egg wash
How to reduce the sourness of homemade frozen yogurt?
What&#39;s this odd stuff coming out of my meringue?
Fully cooked ham left out for 10 hours, is it still safe to eat?
Is there a reason to not add salt when making a soup?
How do I maximize the shelf life of my homemade hot sauce?
Refreezing Turkey Breasts
bread flour strength?
Making vegetables (those with leaf) more &quot;crunchy&quot; (bite/tear off easily)
What are some tips for making Baklava?
Help identify a strange root vegetable
Is there any cut of beef that&#39;s close to Kobe beef?
What is the history of the standard sheet (bun) pan?
Timing cooking: methods / workflow
Can I use flavored beers in beer bread?
How to get rid of the raw tomato smell from tomato sauce?
How important is fresh ground coffee vs a good coffee grinder?
Why exactly is thawing via hot water bad?
Using whey from yogurt to make ricotta
White chocolate mud cake with dark chocolate ganache?
How can I thicken whipping cream?
Is this extremely soft &quot;French raclette&quot; cheese actually meant for raclette?
Can I store suet or home-rendered tallow at room temperature for a year?
Is it safe to reuse unrefrigerated canola oil for deep frying?
Baking below sea level
Can I substitute powdered walnuts for all-purpose flour in a cake?
How to improve the taste of sour coffee beans?
creme brulee without torch
Easier way to shell out sunflower seeds
What flavors complement pistachio (pudding specifically)?
Can someone identify this food?
How could buffalo chicken dip be stabilized?
Refreeze a standing rib roast left out at room temperature
How do canned soup companies keep their noodles from absorbing all the liquid in the can?
What oil is best for seasoning a cast-iron skillet
What should I look for in a cookie jar?
Pressure cooking for one?
Turning regular noodles into no-boil noodles
How long do you have to cook adzuki beans in a pressure cooker before they&#39;re edible?
Should I steam or boil zongzi?
Substituting oil in baking?
Less sticky rice and lentils
Baking soda accident in pretzel dough - Can it be salvaged?
Prevent the grinder basket on Cuisinart coffee maker from sticking
Can I fix my universal meat grinder which leaks when I make cranberry orange relish
Is roasting a whole duck something a beginner should avioid?
Serving Creme Brulee to a large group of people
Where to look for Vintage Cookbooks in Spanish?
Is there a super close substitute for graham crackers?
Why is my stevia-sweetened fresh whipped cream bitter?
Is rare duck breast safe?
What is the best way to reheat leftover grilled fish?
How to make cookies less crumbly?
Is cooked fish as perishable as raw fish?
Baking a cheesecake at 325 instead of 350
Where can I find/buy Peruvian Parsnip (AKA: Batata Baroa or Arracacha) in the US?
Cooked beef roast covered with red coloring
Goat cheese royale definition?
Can I make ciabatta with corn flour?
Freezing an apple pie
A substitution for pork in Swedish Meatballs
How to avoid getting arm hair in food?
Chili and bell pepper substitute due to allergies?
How long can fresh yeast be frozen?
KitchenAid Pro mixer clicking noise
Does ginger infused honey or vodka ever go bad food-safety-wise?
Mold on Vinegar Batch?
Advice on meat cuts for German rouladen
How to cook a pork sirloin roast?
What kind of food components contain more energy?
Coconut Water from White vs Brown Coconuts
What are preaseasoned cast iron pans preseasoned with?
Should iodized salt be avoided when salting meat?
Why do they put the jelly-like substance in pork pies?
How would I go about home smoking a ham joint?
Red liquid from chicken affer roasting?
Substituting instant imitation flavored pudding mix and cake mix in Bundt Cake recipe
How do you make a cake lift equally and minimize doming?
How should I store leftover uncooked lasagna sheets?
Preheating Onida convection microwave oven
How can I evenly grill a thin steak on a skillet?
Can I substitute 70% chocolate for unsweetened chocolate in a cake recipe?
What factors affect collagen to gelatin conversion?
What is the difference between Milk Chocolate and Dark Chocolate?
Can I add cocoa to chocolate to approximate a higher % of cacao?
Cause of foam in fried chicken pan?
Do I need to freeze this puree and syrup?
Recovering from Over Salted Sauerkraut
What&#39;s the difference between a souffle and a mousse?
Roasted chicken ends up only salty outside
Aprons for the home chef
Restaurant kitchen supplies that are also really useful in a home kitchen?
Are there any differences between preparing/cooking a turkey that was labeled &quot;basted with real butter&quot; vs a regular turkey?
Substitute for margarine in graham cracker crust
How do you cook a steak like those found in fine steakhouses?
Reducing &quot;gamy&quot; flavor of turkey
After breakfast, egg plate clean up
What temperature is the &quot;warm&quot; setting on a conventional oven?
Salt in boiled meat
Can I blend hot soup in a ninja?
What direction must one stir molten chocolate?
Is hot tap water safe for cooking?
How do cooks prepare risotto in a restaurant?
Used old chicken broth in a stew, but washed it out. Will it be safe to eat?
Fabric to be used for cheesecloth
Why would you place potatoes on salt when baking in the oven?
Do you need to rinse liver?
Is my ragu missing an ingredient?
How long would a no-bake cheesecake last?
Egg Integrity/safety
Is it necessary to cook porridge (oatmeal)?
How can I safely re-heat a chicken pie without burning the crust?
Cake baking temperature using top-heating gas oven
Why does coffee taste awful after reheating it in a microwave oven?
transporting roast beef
Best chopping board material for meat
What else can rid the fishy smell of fish besides Casein?
Can ghee be used instead of butter in dessert recipes?
Why do red kidney beans come in 410g cans?
How do I stop my pans boiling over?
What tastes like marigold?
How long can melted chocolate last?
Can I use parchment paper for all cookies
Blue/green mold on sourdough starter
How can I be sure I&#39;m buying the right KitchenAid beaters?
What is this type of hot plate and how do I use it?
dealing with curved ribs in a flat rib recipe
Which tools can be used to safely cut bone?
What is a &quot;raw smoked&quot; gammon (or ham)?
How do I properly wash bugs out of green onion?
lemon juice curdling white chocolate
Is it safe to drink the whey?
Putting half thawed joint of pork back in fridge to fully defrost?
How can I remove a stuck liquor decanter stopper?
What is the difference between a Jus, Sauce and a Gravy?
Why will my dense, concentrated stock not solidify to jelly?
What is the difference between French and British cuts of beef?
What kinds of grocery stores tend to carry guava?
Cutting the stems of banana instead of wrapping them when preserving them
Fastest way for cloning Milk Kefir Grains
How to convert a muffin/cupcake recipe to a large muffin recipe
Why don&#39;t oyster crackers contain oysters?
Is there a vegetarian gelatin substitute that is as strong as gelatin?
Tricks for removing sausage casing?
What is the difference between pancetta and bacon?
Pancetta Mold. How to tell whether it&#39;s safe to eat?
My pizza crust is very hard and tough and not light and crispy, why?
Can you make latte-art with a panarello wand?
Is there any reason not to decrystallize honey?
Vacuum-packed cheese question (botulism)
Properly melting butter and sugar together for butterscotch bar recipe
Thawed shrimp floating vs. sinking
How long should I cook pork for (at 100&#176; C)?
How do I heat up rice and pasta at work?
Why do US chicken taste &quot;gamey&quot;/rancid in no time despite proper storage?
Which cooking method gives the leanest bacon?
How do I make a frappuccino less watery?
What is Canadian-style sour cream?
How do I bake chocolate chip cookies like Subway?
Are limes and lime juice more acidic than lemons and lemon juice?
How to reduce the masala taste from chicken roast
How to dry homemade pork sausages with proper humidity and temperature?
How to warm plates before serving?
Can vegetable oil be used in place of butter?
Turkey stock in refrigerator
How to get cheese melted without burning grilled cheese
Does it matter that my pots are bigger than my ceremic cook top element?
Are there cheeses with less saturated fat?
Sugar in Indian curries?
red spots on the chicken
Does using egg+yolk in a chocolate chip cookie recipe make a big difference?
What is the most efficient way to squeeze water out of cooked spinach?
Lemon and Mint drink
How to cook frozen goose
Are these chestnuts safe to eat?
How to boil maize(Indian corn)?
What is a pressurized filter, and should I use it for my espresso?
Are there any substitutes for squash puree?
How can I make my Oreos crispy again?
Does chocolate syrup need to be refrigerated?
Is rare pheasant safe?
Why does the fat on my chicken broth sometimes solidify, sometimes not?
Making stroopwafels with a pizelle iron
How long will my homemade marinade with orange juice last?
Why does my tuna Casserole turn sour?
How do you peel chickpeas?
Why do most belly pork recipes recommend cooking the pork at a high temperature at the beginning of cooking?
Selecting a big joint of meat to cook without an oven
Can you sharpen a ceramic knife?
How can I extract palm sugar from a container?
Half and half bread, too salty and no salt?
Using gas cooker now having problem cooking food
Do cream Dispensers/Chargers produce more cream than Cream Bottles purchased in Stores?
Does jaggery need to be soaked?
Cocoa vs chocolate
Does the type of sugar make a difference when making chocolate?
Why doesn&#39;t my Lemon Posset thicken? What am I most likely doing wrong?
Where can I buy a goose?
What is the difference between &quot;vanilla&quot; and &quot;Mexican vanilla&quot;
Perfect Hollandaise every time using a blender/food processor?
Fried capers and caper alternatives
How to store homemade pasta without freezing
How do I use Cacao Nibs in the chocolate making recipe
What material/metal is typically used under the layer of coating in &#39;ceramic&#39; frying pans?
How to properly saut&#233; mushrooms so that they don&#39;t release water?
cinnamon in bread dough
How to stuff and/or spice the chicken BELOW the skin?
Tricks to preserve chips (french fries)?
Is carnival glass safe for serving food?
How to trim a cake so it&#39;s level?
When is an avocado considered bad?
removing breast before roasting rest of duck?
How to distinguish cream of tartar from bread improver
How is boiled rice different from steamed?
Why do my huge bone broth ice cubes become tiny puddles when melted?
Is a smoked pork shoulder a suitable substitute for ham hocks?
Substitute for arborio risotto rice?
Where can I find left-handed serrated knives?
What are the options for sweetening?
How to decide the baking temperature when recipe doesn&#39;t mention it?
Burning crumpet bottoms
Making ice cream and fats don&#39;t dissolve in base
What is a &quot;roux&quot; and what are its uses?
What is the optimal steep time for cold-brewed coffee?
Why and when does a skin form on heated milk and how can I prevent it?
Does dissolved sugar really help to extract fruit flavours?
Meaning of do not thaw for frozen food
Baking a pie in air grill / electrical convection oven?
Cooking fruit with or without sugar solution
Can Brussels sprouts be eaten raw?
Why potatoes need to be boiled in order to make alcohol?
When is a cooking oil not appropriate to substitute for another?
Reasonable level of inaccuracy in thermometer?
Reasons for Discarding the Core of the Onion When Chopping?
What caused my homemade &quot;Nutella&quot; to go bad?
How can you recognize cold milk that has gone bad or is about to?
My crockpot turned off while making beef stre
What is the rind of Brie cheese made of?
using coffee filters to filter home pressed olive oil
Shiny side or not for foil?
What mammals&#39; milks are drunk by humans?
Baking two strata at once
Can I use sweetened condensed milk instead of evaporated milk for pumpkin pie?
Why did my grandfather-in-law salt his beer?
What is a good substitute for oyster sauce (for someone with a shellfish allergy)?
Why is my pecan pie always runny?
What edible solution can I cover bread in to make it waterproof?
How do I get rid of bugs in rice?
Safety of glues in wooden chopping boards
What is the ratio of curing salt versus table salt in a recipe?
Safety storage of raw chicken
Is turkey usable after stove turned off?
When basil gets brown spots, is it still usable?
What should I do with a turkey after roasting but hours before dinner?
Can I purify / kill germs in a water to make it drinkable by putting it in a freezer?
What should I look for when buying a ramen bowl?
Is there a tradition where eating something sweet before something savory is the norm?
How do I eliminate a lingering smell of fried food?
How heavy should a Chinese chef&#39;s knife be?
Does it make sense to parboil spare ribs before you roast or grill them?
When a recipe calls for Wine, does it make a difference what wine to use?
Why does the roux separate from my gumbo?
Oyster Mushroom Chowder
How can I tell if soy sauce is of good quality?
Substitute for sesame oil?
How long does a stew stay ok to eat when not stored in a fridge?
Thanksgiving leftovers out all night
Cooking Ramen noodles in broth or not?
Which end of the cucumber should I save for later?
How long do you let a turkey rest after cooking?
How much brown sugar should I substitute for white sugar?
Pumpkin pie filling way too thick
How can you make gelatin at home? (just a clear cut recipe would be awesome)
Seasoning on Magnalite anodized aluminum fry pans needs to be removed and re-done, what is process?
Why is my pumpkin soup sour?
Should I default to higher or lower power when the recommended power is not an option in a microwave?
Is it safe to deep fry two turkeys in the same oil for Thanksgiving?
What makes store brand mayo white?
What are the effects of salting a thin steak that&#39;s grilled on a pan?
Difference between Maida and All purpose flour
Why didn&#39;t my crumpets cook in the middle?
Best thickness for shaped pizza dough for good sliding from the peel/tray into the oven
How did/do the Russians make carrot tea?
Are there any reasonable substitutions for lemon juice?
Why did my reverse spherification method fail to produce proper spheres?
How to quickly and safely defrost chicken?
Parsley storage
Gluten-free alternatives to beurre manie/roux for thickening sauce?
What are appropriate spices/herbs for spinach?
How (or is) &quot;low &amp; slow&quot; turkey safe?
How many minutes in the oven per pound: stuffed turkey
Working with sticky dough for pizza making
How to prolong the life of chillies in a refrigerator?
Frozen store-bought pie crust
Can I make my dough for dinner rolls ahead in bread maker and refrigerate overnight?
Why put Sprite in a baking recipe?
Whether to peel sweet potatos
What are the chunks of connective tissue on soup bones? (And can I use them?)
What wines pair well with spicy, citrus chicken?
Why can&#39;t I heat water properly on a new glass cooktop using a stainless steel pot?
Lime on Fish tastes Bitter
How to roast chestnuts on an open fire?
How long does it take to cook ground meat on a skillet?
What is the proper amount of time to thaw + brine a turkey simultaneously?
How Long To Brine Boneless Chicken
Why can&#39;t I use toaster oven instead of real oven?
marinating chicken thighs and legs for more than 2 hours before cooking in the oven
Difference between two cleavers - straight back vs curved
What is the purpose of sugar in baking plain bread?
Science of fast (high heat) vs. slow (low heat) scrambled eggs and omelets
What are some good substitutes for salt for those on low sodium diets?
What is the white dust on red grapes?
What is the difference between green, white and black tea?
How can I make nutritional yeast?
Please Help Me Solve a Gumbo Roux Mystery
Why does my cakes fall?
Cookies called monte cows?
Red spots found in Active Dry yeast
Do I need special gloves for mozzarella stretching?
What are good techniques to prepare liver?
Water bath issue when doubling a cheesecake recipe to make bars
How to make gingerbread more moist and fluffy?
a glue like substance in oil
Looking for a rice cooker, steamer, deep fryer, slow cooker combo that can cook rice and steam at the same time
How keep prepared courgette fresh?
What is the reason that an ice cream scoop can&#39;t go in the dishwasher?
Does frozen broccoli need to be cooked to be eaten safely?
Why is my espresso salty?
Cream Cheese vs Yogurt Cheese: what / how much difference does the bacteria make?
Convert to tablespoons of whipped butter
Ideal temperature and method to bake a deep dish pizza
Why pre-mix baking soda into 2 tsp of milk?
How to Prepare Chickpea Pur&#233;e from a Can?
How can I stabilize a berry coulis?
how can I get guar gum to smoothly blend in juice?
Does an induction stove require flat bottomed vessels?
Why do my nonstick fry pans &#39;bow up&#39; and not make good contact with my flat top stove
How to turn froth into juice?
Tempering raw cacao for coating
Do long-cooked pasta and brown rice lose more minerals than short-cooked types?
What is the formal definition of savory?
Whole fish oven temperature and inside temperature
My hand mixer came with dough hooks, can I knead dough with it?
recipe say&#39;s to sponge on 2 cups warm milk and 1 cup warm water, what does this mean?
please help identify this mystery cookware
Substituting almond milk for regular milk in coffee without bitterness
Is it safe to make chicken stock, forgot to turn crock pot on!
Temperature needed to make crunchy toffee
Can you make Bearnaise with olive oil?
Best pan to use for cooking in olive oil?
Lifetime of French press filter
tartine bread without dutch oven (inverted mixing bowl on top of heavy skillet)?
Filter out sand from amaranth and teff
What is a good subsitute for Mirliton (aka Chayote)?
Using sauce as a soup base
Can I freeze raw liver and meat?
pork fillet cooking time
Does milk tenderize meat?
Which oils or fats make the crispiest roast potatoes?
What is wrong with the pan in which I make my caramels, and what kind of pan should I be using?
When does the new home oven/stove smell go away?
How to make apple chunks in apple pie stay intact?
Roasting multiple turkeys (cooking time estimation)
Canned yams vs. fresh
What are the differences between a Dutch oven and ceramic casserole?
What is the definition of a cup of coffee
How much fat should be added to venison when making sausage?
Correct way to join two halves of sponge cake?
How long will a whole turkey keep in a refrigerator?
What considerations should be taken into account when adding any fruit to any cake?
Is it necessary to only boil vegetables (or chicken) or can they be pressure cooked and later be boiled for the flavour to seep in?
To what temperature should you take candied citrus peels?
Why is no juice left after cooking lamb or beef joint in a pan?
How to preserve cotton candy
How to store cheesecake for long-term?
Saut&#233;ing vegetables in heated oil
Can I substitute parchment paper for foil?
Using skim or low-fat milk in recipes
Infrared on regular gas grill
Black tea water: Does boiling water first make a difference?
How to store Parmesan cheese?
Why did my idli looked cooked from outside but was still mushy inside?
Candied almonds made In a crock pot didn&#39;t harden, are still gooey
What herbs and spices are in &quot;Italian Seasoning&quot;?
Easy Oven Cleaning - No products
Can cashews go bad? If so, how do you tell?
Leaving the lid open in a soup
Fissler frying pans. Are they worth the price?
Why the Australian Tomahawk steak is larger then US?
How to remove soil smell from beetroots?
uncooked pork left out overnight in original packaging
Is it possible to make vegan Yorkshire Puddings?
Bringing water to boil with rice or alone and then add rice?
How far in advance can you make bacon?
Cooking temperature chart
Breaking down a turkey for storage - brine before or after freezing?
Why did my soy (Silk) milk suddenly become as viscous as rubber cement?
Killed Enzymes in Yogurt
are the larger snails in Hawaii edible?
How do you peel garlic easily?
How long could a meat-based broth be held safely near 180F/82C?
Raw pork and raw chicken touching each other
What can substitute for barley in soup
Do some fish smell &quot;fishier&quot;? Why?
Why does oil reduce the effectiveness of Japanese waterstones?
Any way to soften gummy candy?
How to make omelettes extremely quickly
How long does parmesan sprinkle cheese last in the refrigerator?
Properties of a good steak?
Can I heat frozen waffles in the oven without a baking sheet?
Pork roast safe cooking
Why does Rooibos tea smell like olives?
How to store tamarind paste?
What exactly is &quot;vegetable shortening&quot;?
What is the thickening power of different types of roux?
How do I prevent salmon sticking to the BBQ grill?
Should brussel sprouts ever taste chemically?
How fast does water cool off after boiling?
How do I extract the membrane from an egg?
Difference between old fashioned and quick oats?
Why do red onions turn blue or green when cooking sometimes?
Thai curry cooking
Earthy tasting frozen salmon
Can you make whipped cream with half and half?
How can I prevent pan fried chicken from becoming too chewy?
How to replicate golden brown color of McDonalds chicken nuggets?
How to prevent dry chicken in soup?
Bolognese: can I add the meat after tomatoes?
Would it be a bad idea to electroplate a knife?
How can I chop onions without crying?
Why add salt to the water when cooking pasta?
Is it possible to cook a whole fish in a dishwasher?
Translating cooking terms between US / UK / AU / CA / NZ
Is it safe to leave butter at room temperature?
How do you properly cook a steak?
Why use milk in scrambled eggs?
How can I tell the difference between a rabbit and a cat?
What knives are &quot;required&quot; for a serious home kitchen?
Is it safe to eat potatoes that have sprouted?
Why did my banana catch fire in the microwave?
How do you peel garlic easily?
Is it safe to put hot food in the fridge?
What cookbooks do you always come back to?
Do you heat the pan first, then add oil? Or put the oil in and heat up with the pan?
What is the difference between white and brown eggs?
How can I keep pasta from sticking to itself?
How long can I store a food in the pantry, refrigerator, or freezer?
Browning Avocados - What Helps?
What are some good resources for learning Knife Skills?
Why shallots over onions?
What&#39;s the best way to season a cast iron skillet?
Why did people start using CO2 (instead of e.g. oxygen) for carbonated drinks?
How can I get chewy chocolate chip cookies?
How should I poach an egg?
What&#39;s a good resource for knowing what spices are and what to use them in?
What exactly is &quot;Sushi Grade&quot; fish?
Is there a quick, easy, mess-free way to peel an orange (or grapefruit)?
In a tomato sauce recipe, how can I cut the acidity?
How dangerous is it to refreeze meat that has been thawed?
Once a month cooking
Cooking away alcohol
Is it safe to eat moldy cheese if you slice off the edges?
Why do we peel carrots?
What&#39;s the Ideal Coffee to Water Ratio for a French Press?
How do you clean a cast iron skillet?
Why can applesauce be used in place of oil?
How can I train myself to identify flavors better?
How can you reduce the heat of a chili pepper?
How should I care for my knives?
Stock vs Broth - What&#39;s the difference in usage?
Why wait for water to boil?
Could coconut cream be used to create a non-dairy ganache for whipping?
Why do people smash garlic?
What is the difference between baking soda and baking powder?
Why do some foods taste better the next day?
Why is it dangerous to eat meat which has been left out and then cooked?
How do you make a cake lift equally and minimize doming?
How to Store Fresh Herbs
Why should I soak beans before cooking?
What&#39;s the proper way to dispose of used fats &amp; oils?
Is there a problem with defrosting meat on the counter?
How long can I keep eggs in the refrigerator?
How to quickly and safely defrost chicken?
Why does my food turn out poorly using an All-Clad Stainless-Steel Fry Pan?
Why do tomatoes get so hot?
Why do we use so much water to cook spaghetti?
When I&#39;m separating egg whites, how much does it matter if a little yolk gets in?
How do I know if food left at room temperature is still safe to eat?
What is it about boring, normal ketchup that makes it &quot;fancy&quot;?
What does a healthy cast iron skillet look like?
Why does a brown paper bag speed ripening?
Should I refrigerate eggs?
Caffeine content of cold-brewed coffee: higher or lower than hot-brewed?
Pasta: Simmering Water or Rolling Boil?
What does &quot;do.&quot; mean in old recipes?
What does &quot;natural&quot; actually mean?
How to clean mushrooms?
How can I make bacon powder?
Nonstick cookware or not?
Does active dry yeast really expire?
What should I look for in a good, multi-purpose chef&#39;s knife?
How do you ensure a tortilla keeps all its contents when making a burrito?
Why is there cow cheese but no pig cheese?
How to fix food that got extra salty?
What&#39;s the right way to hard boil eggs?
Why do you have to rinse rice?
How to peel hard boiled eggs easily?
Why are there so many different pasta shapes?
Why is some metal safe to use in a microwave, but others not?
Is there a magic ingredient that keeps ice-cream soft?
Theoretical: why there&#39;s no gradient of doneness in bread?
Does ginger have to be peeled? If so how?
What&#39;s the difference between a cupcake and a muffin?
Why is 180 degrees C so common in recipes?
Digital recipes storage?
Why should I &quot;rest&quot; meat after cooking?
How do I pick a watermelon at the supermarket?
How to test that a knife is sharp enough?
How to succeed with making omelette
The secret to hash browns / home fries / breakfast potatoes
Is it bad to cook frozen meat without waiting it to be unfrozen?
What is the purpose of creaming butter with sugar in cookie recipes?
When you cook spaghetti, do you add olive oil to the boiling water?
What temperatures should I keep my refrigerator and freezer set at?
When boiling water, why start from cold?
How much juice is in a lemon?
Is there any truth to the idea that you shouldn&#39;t multiply seasonings when multiplying a recipe?
What&#39;s the secret for Chinese fried rice?
Should I peel kiwifruit?
How can I chop onions without crying?
Why add salt to the water when cooking pasta?
Is it possible to cook a whole fish in a dishwasher?
Translating cooking terms between US / UK / AU / CA / NZ
Is it safe to leave butter at room temperature?
How do you properly cook a steak?
Why use milk in scrambled eggs?
How can I tell the difference between a rabbit and a cat?
What knives are &quot;required&quot; for a serious home kitchen?
Is it safe to eat potatoes that have sprouted?
Why did my banana catch fire in the microwave?
How do you peel garlic easily?
Is it safe to put hot food in the fridge?
What cookbooks do you always come back to?
Do you heat the pan first, then add oil? Or put the oil in and heat up with the pan?
What is the difference between white and brown eggs?
How can I keep pasta from sticking to itself?
How long can I store a food in the pantry, refrigerator, or freezer?
Browning Avocados - What Helps?
What are some good resources for learning Knife Skills?
Why shallots over onions?
What&#39;s the best way to season a cast iron skillet?
Why did people start using CO2 (instead of e.g. oxygen) for carbonated drinks?
How can I get chewy chocolate chip cookies?
How should I poach an egg?
What&#39;s a good resource for knowing what spices are and what to use them in?
What exactly is &quot;Sushi Grade&quot; fish?
Is there a quick, easy, mess-free way to peel an orange (or grapefruit)?
In a tomato sauce recipe, how can I cut the acidity?
How dangerous is it to refreeze meat that has been thawed?
Once a month cooking
Cooking away alcohol
Is it safe to eat moldy cheese if you slice off the edges?
Why do we peel carrots?
What&#39;s the Ideal Coffee to Water Ratio for a French Press?
How do you clean a cast iron skillet?
Why can applesauce be used in place of oil?
How can I train myself to identify flavors better?
How can you reduce the heat of a chili pepper?
How should I care for my knives?
Stock vs Broth - What&#39;s the difference in usage?
Why wait for water to boil?
Could coconut cream be used to create a non-dairy ganache for whipping?
Why do people smash garlic?
What is the difference between baking soda and baking powder?
Why do some foods taste better the next day?
Why is it dangerous to eat meat which has been left out and then cooked?
How do you make a cake lift equally and minimize doming?
How to Store Fresh Herbs
Why should I soak beans before cooking?
What&#39;s the proper way to dispose of used fats &amp; oils?
Is there a problem with defrosting meat on the counter?
How long can I keep eggs in the refrigerator?
How to quickly and safely defrost chicken?
Why does my food turn out poorly using an All-Clad Stainless-Steel Fry Pan?
Why do tomatoes get so hot?
Why do we use so much water to cook spaghetti?
When I&#39;m separating egg whites, how much does it matter if a little yolk gets in?
How do I know if food left at room temperature is still safe to eat?
What is it about boring, normal ketchup that makes it &quot;fancy&quot;?
What does a healthy cast iron skillet look like?
Why does a brown paper bag speed ripening?
Should I refrigerate eggs?
Caffeine content of cold-brewed coffee: higher or lower than hot-brewed?
Pasta: Simmering Water or Rolling Boil?
What does &quot;do.&quot; mean in old recipes?
What does &quot;natural&quot; actually mean?
How to clean mushrooms?
How can I make bacon powder?
Nonstick cookware or not?
Does active dry yeast really expire?
What should I look for in a good, multi-purpose chef&#39;s knife?
How do you ensure a tortilla keeps all its contents when making a burrito?
Why is there cow cheese but no pig cheese?
How to fix food that got extra salty?
What&#39;s the right way to hard boil eggs?
Why do you have to rinse rice?
How to peel hard boiled eggs easily?
Why are there so many different pasta shapes?
Why is some metal safe to use in a microwave, but others not?
Is there a magic ingredient that keeps ice-cream soft?
Theoretical: why there&#39;s no gradient of doneness in bread?
Does ginger have to be peeled? If so how?
What&#39;s the difference between a cupcake and a muffin?
Why is 180 degrees C so common in recipes?
Digital recipes storage?
Why should I &quot;rest&quot; meat after cooking?
How do I pick a watermelon at the supermarket?
How to test that a knife is sharp enough?
How to succeed with making omelette
The secret to hash browns / home fries / breakfast potatoes
Is it bad to cook frozen meat without waiting it to be unfrozen?
What is the purpose of creaming butter with sugar in cookie recipes?
When you cook spaghetti, do you add olive oil to the boiling water?
What temperatures should I keep my refrigerator and freezer set at?
When boiling water, why start from cold?
How much juice is in a lemon?
Is there any truth to the idea that you shouldn&#39;t multiply seasonings when multiplying a recipe?
What&#39;s the secret for Chinese fried rice?
Should I peel kiwifruit?
What is the difference between a prawn and a shrimp?
How should I cook bacon in an oven?
How long do you let a steak from the fridge come up to temperature, and when do you salt it?
What is the difference between various types of flour?
What oil or fat to use for different purposes?
Frying Oil Reuse
What is the point of a salt mill?
Should I rinse canned beans before using them?
Why are baking measurements such nice round numbers?
Why are salt and pepper the &quot;classic&quot; dinner table seasoning?
Does freezing butter or margarine change the properties?
What is the internal temperature a steak should be cooked to for Rare/Medium Rare/Medium/Well?
How should I prepare Risotto
Shelf life of spices
What is the difference between sea salt and regular table salt?
Good ways to store coffee?
Does it matter what kind of sugar is used in baking?
Parmesan rind:  should I use it, or trash it?
Is it safe to eat a cooked steak that (briefly) touched the plate that was holding the raw meat?
White pepper vs. black pepper
How do I butter popcorn without making it soggy?
Is it safe to eat smoked bacon without grilling?
Does ceramic non-stick cookware &quot;fail&quot;, and if so, how?
Why are there spikes growing out of my ice tray?
How do I make prettier fried eggs?
Why does my glaze soak into my doughnuts?
How do restaurants make chicken fried rice? What ingredient am I missing?
How do I pound chicken (or other meat) without making a mess?
I want to make my own cheese. How do I get started?
How to chill beer quickly?
How to rest meat but not let it get too cold?
How can brown stains be removed from pots and pans?
Is it safe to eat raw eggs?
How do you cook a steak like those found in fine steakhouses?
Tips for a small kitchen
How do you open a coconut?
Slow cooking without a slow cooker
How can you make a sauce less spicy/hot?
Does searing meat lock in moisture?
How do cooks prepare risotto in a restaurant?
How can I make a chocolate cup that looks like the seaweed on a sushi roll?
Is ground beef that was in the refrigerator for two weeks and has turned brown still usable?
What is the correct water to pasta ratio?
How do you reduce static in a coffee grinder?
Why use yeast instead of baking powder?
Is &quot;until juices run clear&quot; a valid test for poultry doneness? Why or why not?
Is it normal to see flames inside my self-cleaning oven?
Will Cinnamon ever dissolve in a cocktail?
How can I keep delicate food from sticking to the grill?
What&#39;s the difference between pan frying, sauteing, and shallow frying?
Is there an alternative to condensed milk?
What are some good substitutes for salt for those on low sodium diets?
What can I use for a Cr&#232;me br&#251;l&#233;e if I don&#39;t have a blow torch?
When is a cooking oil not appropriate to substitute for another?
How do you organize your recipes?
How to remove bits of egg shell from a cracked egg?
Why not put knives in the dishwasher?
Why do some recipes recommend Kosher salt?
Can I boil pasta in a pasta sauce?
Secret to takeaway curry
Which vegetables to use for stock?
What is the best way to clean a grater?
Should french fries be fried two times?
Why would you place potatoes on salt when baking in the oven?
Wok preparation and caring
Sniffing out a rotten egg from the dozen
Best meat replacements for a vegetarian/vegan?
Unnecessary kitchen gadgets: a reference
What&#39;s wrong with using spin dryer to dry lettuce?
How to stop meatballs falling apart when frying
How do I prevent an egg cracking while hard boiling it?
How do you make General Tso&#39;s chicken as generally found in the Eastern USA?
How to store brown sugar without it becoming hard?
What are the differences between an induction stove and a regular electric stove?
What are the benefits of using a dedicated rice cooker, rather than just cooking rice in a pot?
Is there anything I can add to homemade bread to preserve it?
Why should a stock be simmered and not boiled?
How to peel chestnuts?
Why let dough rise twice?
Books that explain the science of cooking?
What is the proper way to dispose of a kitchen knife?
How to prepare butter for baking when time is limited?
How do we escape the cycle of bad college eating?
How do Chinese restaurants tenderize their meat?
Never ending soup; is it actually safe?
How can I grind coffee without a coffee grinder?
Is a steak OK to eat if it fell down, but I cooked it afterwards?
How can I make my Ice Cream &quot;creamier&quot;
Does resting the dough for a long time reduce the need to knead the bread?
How does a splash of vinegar help when poaching eggs?
What are the pros and cons of storing bread in various locations?
When baking, is it better to use a gas or electric oven?
What is the best flour to use for pizza dough?
Why isn&#39;t it safe to eat raw chicken?
Expiration Date on Milk
How do I make soft chapattis?
How to caramelise onions?
Cooking an egg without oil or butter
Cues to a reliable or unreliable recipe?
What&#39;s the numbering system for spaghetti and does it matter?
How to quickly soften brown sugar
What research is there on tea preparation?
How warm must dough be in order to rise?
Making white rice more tasteful
What is the purpose of using ping pong balls on top of a Sous Vide Bath?
Egg yolks vs Whole eggs
Food safety when tasting from dish
How does a Miracle Thaw work?
Is there any difference between chopped and crushed garlic in cooking?
How can you melt chocolate without it getting wet?
How to make ice cream without a machine?
How can I make this antique ginger wine recipe using ingredients available today?
What is the chemical process behind the way you cook a risotto?
How do you cook grass-fed beef so it is not tough?
Does microwaving destroy nutrients in food?
Does water that&#39;s been left to sit and then reboiled taste different from fresh water boiled once?
Pizza baking order
Does adding salt help water boil faster?
Is it safe to eat freshwater fish raw?
Can I boil eggs in the same pot I&#39;m boiling something else?
transfer pizza onto stone without sticking
Why doesn&#39;t Bailey&#39;s go bad?
How long will uncooked chicken keep in the fridge?
Why doesn&#39;t mayonnaise taste like pure oil?
Why does a microwave rotate the food being cooked? And is there ever a time when it shouldn&#39;t rotate?
What can I cook for Indian guests without trying to mimic Indian cuisine?
Why do drinks drunk from a glass instead of a bottle taste differently?
How do I ensure that pita forms a nice big, even pocket when baking?
How does one invent a cookie recipe?
Shaken, not stirred...but why?
How much to reduce salt when using salted butter in place of unsalted butter
Dishwasher safety - &quot;top shelf&quot; vs. &quot;bottom shelf&quot;
Coca Cola&#39;s Secret Recipe
I bought Mainland&#39;s vintage cheddar, it tastes... stale?
How can I improve my fried rice?
How do I flip an egg when preparing it &quot;over easy&quot;?
How might I roast coffee at home without investing in an expensive roasting machine?
Ways to learn to season food correctly?
Cure for burns from hot peppers / capsicum oil?
How long should I keep a cut onion?
Why is it necessary to preheat an oven?
What can you surmise about coffee beans that have oil on them at the time of purchase?
What international cooking terms sound similar but have different meanings?
What happens when you mix whiskey and water?
Honey changing into unusable, hardened clump
How do you coat perfectly round truffles with melted chocolate?
Will spoiled food technically make you sick?
What is a clove of garlic?
When, if ever, are dried herbs preferable to fresh herbs?
Cutting boards: What are some general tips on purchasing and using a cutting board?
How does the way that I cut my garlic affect the taste of my food?
How can I tell whether an egg has been hard-boiled, through the shell?
Is it possible to preserve color in steamed vegetables?
Best chopping board material for meat
Is there a substitute for tahini in hummus?
What is a substitute for mascarpone cheese?
Should tomatoes be stored in the fridge?
Can I freeze roux?
Does kimchi go bad?
How do you properly clean a cutting board and knife to prevent cross contamination?
Buttermilk substitute?
What are the differences between different types of onions, and when do you use them?
Induction range vs gas
What is the purpose of seasoning a skillet?
Is it possible to make a marshmallow that isn&#39;t sweet?
Why would I use Arrowroot instead of Cornstarch?
How to warm plates before serving?
What causes water to boil over?
Why did my Turkey Stock turn into gelatin?
Does Boiling Water, Instead of Warm Water, Hurt the Flavor of Tea/Hot Chocolate
Achieving perfection via manual drip-brew coffee method
In peanut butter cookies, what is the criss-crossed pattern on the top good for?
How does one find recipes given an ingredient rather than the recipe name?
How does thermal shock affect pans made of different materials?
Does the &quot;German&quot; in &quot;German chocolate cake&quot; refer to the chocolate or the cake?
Why skim &quot;scum&quot; from the surface of a simmering stock?
What are the different applications for differently shaped wooden spoons?
How to properly saut&#233; mushrooms so that they don&#39;t release water?
What is the rind of Brie cheese made of?
Recommendations for spice organization strategies
Proper ratio of Water to Rice
How do you remove the pit from a mango?
What varieties of potato would be good for chips / french fries?
Substituting garlic powder for garlic salt?
How can I grate soft cheeses?
What is a &quot;roux&quot; and what are its uses?
Techniques to get a nice golden-brown crust on bread
What do &quot;virgin&quot; and &quot;extra virgin&quot; mean in regards to olive oil?
Cutting Sushi Rolls
Can I learn to cook from a book?
Timing cooking: methods / workflow
Flavour combinations - structural analysis
Tips for Removing Silk from Corn?
How safe is steak tartare?
Ideal coffee grind for a French Press?
Can raw eggs be frozen?
What uses are there for basil flowers?
How to make extra crispy and crunchy breading like KFC?
When boiling potatoes, should I put them in with the cold water or in to the hot?
How to keep my (deep frying) oil usable as long as possible?
What is that gooey stuff from okra?
How do I make homemade Salsa thicker?
Are any retail vacuum-sealing systems worth the expense?
Unexplained Butterflied Roast Chicken Success
Can I freeze Milk?
What is this Italian Cookie called?
How do I stop my fire alarm from going off when I cook?
Can you sharpen a ceramic knife?
When baking a cake that calls for butter, should you use salted or unsalted?
Should Chorizo Be Peeled Before Cooking?
What is chickpea flour used for?
Why clean a pot (used to cook rice) with cold water?
How to prevent pizza dough from stretching back
Food safety of meat vs. veggies and fruit with mold on them
Does meat need to be washed before preparation?
How do I separate egg white?
What are the differences between types of soy sauce?
What&#39;s the best way to store rice long-term?
How long is it safe to drink coffee after brewed?
Can extra virgin olive oil be used for stir frying, roasting, grilling?
Will avocado stay fresh longer if stored in the refrigerator?
What does the refrigerator crisper compartment actually do?
What are the impacts of common pizza dough errors?
How much salt can I safely add to bread dough?
Is there something better than mineral oil for cutting boards?
Can you re-use parchment paper when baking batches of cookies?
Is it true that smell is lost flavor?
Is it worth tearing lettuce for salad?
What is the difference between green, white and black tea?
Trick to making perfect egg ribbons?
What is a liqueur?
Are there books describing the general principles of cooking?
What can I do to help my avocados ripen?
How do I ripen unripe oranges and grapefruits?
Garlic turning green?
What are the basics and options of brining meat, for example chicken?
Does putting knives in a wooden block blade down wear out the blade?
How can I remove the peel and pit of an avocado without the whole thing turning into mush?
Is there any way to sous-vide without a machine
Can you make a sauce with beer?
Should one always use the whole garlic clove?
How can I improve the presentation of the food I serve?
What is the best way to make a perfect fried egg?
How can huge bubbles in pizza crust be prevented?
Blowtorch - hardware store vs kitchen store. Is there a difference?
How does butter remain edible for so long without refrigeration?
How should one go about reheating pasta?
What is a substitute for going to culinary school? Is there?
Removing turmeric colour from mortar and pestle
Does polenta freeze well?
How long can hard cheeses last in a refrigerator?
How can I tell if the food inside a pressure cooker is done cooking?
What is this fungus/lichen in my Garam Masala? (“Trifle”/truffle?)
Do honing steels wear out?
What is this French cuisine technique called, where &quot;a piece of pheasant meat is cooked between two slices of veal, which are then discarded?&quot;
What&#39;s the purpose of clarifying butter?
Why add pasta water to pasta sauce?
Can someone please give an explanation of different egg preparations?
How long can cooked food be safely stored at room/warm temperature?
Is it safe to reuse loose tea leaves the next day? What precautions need to be taken for storing tea for reuse?
Is there any trick to make a palindrome-cocktail?
Do different fat contents (skim, 2%, whole, etc) affect rate or intensity of milk spoilage?
What meats can I serve medium rare and why?
Why did my grandfather-in-law salt his beer?
How long is garlic butter safe, and why is it not a botulism risk like garlic in oil?
How to clean an octopus - and is it worth it
How to avoid getting arm hair in food?
Can meat freeze from the inside out?
Why would I buy a rice cooker?
Which vinegars are essential to keep on hand?
Is it generally better to cut chicken breast with or against the grain?
For Pizza cooking at home. What is the best alternative to the pizza stone?
Fresh basil storage
How do you decide what temperature to bake at?
Why do my brownies end up so hard?
What is a good substitute for Fish Sauce?
Storing knives: wood block or magnetic stripe?
Is there any way to remove stains (e.g. from curries and pasta sauces) from plastic containers?
How do you remove garlic smells from your fingers?
What is ground beef?
How can I avoid my knife from &quot;dragging&quot; across my unbaked bread when making slashes to let steam escape while baking?
Cups v. weighing scales - is there an historical explanation?
Can heavy cream be frozen?
How to make thick and fluffy pancakes?
What is the difference between butterscotch, caramel, and toffee?
I would like to make my own Chicken Stock, any suggestions?
What job is the fat doing when I prepare bread dough, and what to expect if I use the wrong amount?
If I&#39;m using milk as an ingredient in soup, how can I prevent it from curdling?
Naan without tandoor?
What are the fundamental sauces that every cook should know how to make?
How should I organize my fruits for storage?
What types of cooking are pressure cookers most useful for?
What factors lead to rich crema on espresso?
Is it safe to cook with rainwater?
What role do eggs play in baking?
What causes the green ring between yolk and white when hardboiling an egg?
How can I integrate molecular gastronomy into regular cooking?
What is the point of a baking rack?
I need to quickly and safely thaw frozen ground beef, what are my options?
how to store lettuce
How can I make McDonald&#39;s type French Fries
Do I need to pre-cook bacon when adding it to a quiche?
How to marinate cheese
How can I reheat a roux-based (alfredo) sauce in the microwave without separation?
What happens if I use vegetable oil in a cake?
Curries from Scratch, a beginners guide
Cleaning a Sieve
What to do with broccoli stalk?
Will using a knife sharpener reduce the lifetime of my knife?
Fish and cheese: An unbreakable rule?
How can I melt cheese for dipping?
What is the hottest part of a chili/chilli/chile pepper?
How can I maximize ginger extraction?
What&#39;s that scum at the sides of my home-made burger when I cook it?
Why is it important to add salt during cooking?
Does adding salt when soaking dry beans toughen or soften the skin of the bean?
Should I buy steel or ceramic knives?
What is the difference between pizza sauce and spaghetti sauce?
Can food be boiled &quot;extra fast/hard&quot; in water?
What is the alternative to a vine ripened tomato?
What parasites are problematic in sous vide?
How do I cook and hold pasta for 200 people?
Why did my attempt at pan-searing beef filets fail miserably?
Can you put polystyrene in the microwave oven
Why is expired frozen chicken safe to eat?
Can you hone a knife properly by using another knife?
What makes fleur de sel different from regular salt?
Why is sugar a wet ingredient?
How many ceramic knives do I want?
How do I get the burnt aroma off burnt food?
What&#39;s the white liquidy substance that can appear when cooking salmon?
How do you clean a pizza stone?
How long is it safe to marinate meat?
Apple Pie -- Peel or not
Is canned or jarred minced garlic substantially different from fresh garlic?
How do you raise your dough in cold seasons?
What is the best way to pop popcorn on the stove?
How should I clean my propane grill?
What can be used as a substitute for tomato sauce in typical italian dishes?
Why is a copper bowl recommended for whipping cream and egg whites?
What does it mean to &quot;fold in&quot; an ingredient into a mix?
How can I prevent bacon mayonnaise from splitting when above fridge temp?
Why do I need more time and liquid than my risotto recipe calls for?
How can I peel pearl onions quickly?
How to combine chocolate and garlic in the same dish?
How can I store chopped onions in the fridge without the smell?
What are other uses for Vegemite or Marmite besides as a spread?
Fat contents from different types of ground beef when drained
Is it better to store chocolate in the fridge or at room temperature?
Why not air-dry knives?
How can I substitute or make soft brown sugar?
Why is the dishwasher not recommended for my All-Clad MC2 line of pot and pans?
What&#39;s the difference between Greek and Bulgarian Feta Cheese
Should I prick sausages during cooking?
What kind of rice is used in Chinese cooking?
Why does Swiss Cheese have holes?
How long will a sourdough starter last between feedings?
How do I press avocadoes to make avocado oil?
How do you make tomato paste?
Rinse the salt off a steak before cooking?
How to stop my cupcakes from sticking to their cupcake wrappers?
What does &quot;buttermilk&quot; mean in an American pancake recipe?
Are refrigerated hard boild eggs really unsafe after a week?
At what point is water considered &quot;at a boil?&quot;
Is it safe to cook a steak that was left out (raw) for 7 hours?
What does gluten &quot;do&quot; in baking?
How do I prevent coconut milk from separating in Thai curry?
What can I substitute for onions?
Difference between soup and stew
What are the optimal simmering times for each stage of a traditional phở?
Why did butternut squash make my fingers dry and yellow?
Why do some powders clump in hot water?
How to wash vegetables without running water?
What is the purpose of sugar in baking plain bread?
What makes a bread either close or open crumbed/textured?
Mystery &quot;organ&quot; on the underside of chicken thighs?
Why does tomato sauce spatter more than other sauces?
Why are there no recipes combining both yeast and baking powder?
Why do chefs use salt and pepper bowl after touching raw foods
How deeply will the flavors in a brine penetrate chicken? (experiment results)
Is Yellow coloring inside a fish normal?
Counteract the negative effects of spicy ingedients with other ingredients
Is smell a bad way of determining whether meat is still good?
Should I taste-test food before serving it?
What is the meaning of &quot;cream of X&quot; in a soup?
Why does my jelly crystal box single out pineapple, kiwi fruit and paw paw as preventing setting?
What is the white dust on red grapes?
How do canned soup companies keep their noodles from absorbing all the liquid in the can?
What should I look for in a new kitchen knife set?
Can I leave uncooked rice sitting in water for an hour or longer before cooking?
Do I need to sift flour that is labeled sifted?
Why do my burgers end up round?
Why is carrot juice so sweet?
How can I cook a perfect deep-fried Mars bar?
When is it necessary to cover food with aluminum foil during baking/roasting?
What&#39;s the proper way to muddle mint for a julep or mojito?
How can I measure the performance of my stovetop pots and pans?
Can I prevent honey from congealing/hardening in the pantry?
What is a substitute for red or white wine in a recipe?
What herbs and spices are in &quot;Italian Seasoning&quot;?
What to do with seized / split chocolate?
Why does my bread collapse in my bread machine?
Making a natural gravy?
What do I need to know about temperature and food safety?
What distinguishes pork sausage from ground pork?
How do I cut a blooming onion?
Why is my cheese sauce gritty?
How not to mess up B&#233;chamel sauce
How could I make stuffed french fries?
does white sugar have a shelf life?
Uses for stale bread?
What is the butter for in a jam recipe?
How do I get caramels to turn out grainy?
Timing an oven to start while I am out - but what about preheating?
From which culture did our North American meal progression (soup/salad/appetizer + meal + dessert) come from?
What are the main styles of pizza that are popular in America?
Grilling burgers: flip once, or keep flipping?
Can I clean enameled cast iron with steel wool?
What is the easiest way to shred chicken?
Can I make Cr&#232;me Br&#251;l&#233;e using a flamb&#233;?
Why peel tomatoes?
What is the difference between shawarma and gyros?
How hot does garlic need to get to lose its sharpness?
Keeping A Sauce From Separating
Should I remove the foam when cooking chickpeas?
A definitive method of dicing an onion
(Why) do onions taste sweeter when cooked at lower temperature?
Is cheesecake a cake or a pie?
(How) can I prevent pasta water from boiling over with the lid closed?
Firm risotto using generic rice. Is it possible?
How to work with Dried Mushrooms?
Stopping water from bubbling over when cooking rice
How do I get my homemade english muffins to taste like english muffins?
Should you strip meat off bones before putting them in a stock?
Can I always use butter instead of margarine when baking?
Botulism, Garlic, Cold pressed Olive oil and mason jars
How should I prepare dried chickpeas?
Is granulated sugar (American) the same as caster sugar (UK)?
How do I season my new pizza stone?
How can I keep a cheesecake from cracking?
Is there any substitute for saltpeter / sodium nitrate in corned beef brine?
How to defrost frozen pizza dough quickly?
Why do chefs insist that cleanliness is next to godliness?
How do I cook a chicken to make it really really really soft?
Why is there a difference between softened and melted butter when baking?
How long should I cook pasta sauce?
Tricks to ensure Mailliard/Browning reaction?
How can I identify dutch process cocoa?
How to get threads in a yeast dough?
Which spice gives brown colour to Indian curry?
How can I bake normally fried foods?
What is the difference between ice cream, gelato, and sorbet?
What to look for in a mandoline?
Is it really necessary to wash a skillet that will be heated up again soon?
Can one preserve food by periodically heating it?
How to treat your saffron right?
What difference does oxygen content of tea water make?
Can you make your own black garlic?
Is white vinegar the same as White Wine vinegar?
My olive oil didn&#39;t solidify in the fridge. Is it fake?
How long does it take for milk to spoil unrefrigerated?
When a recipe says, &#39;simmer uncovered&#39;, what&#39;s the issue?
What&#39;s the science behind making German potato dumplings (Kn&#246;del) fluffy but not fall apart?
Should I throw moldy Strawberries away?
What is the science behind Magic Cake?
How did people make bread before sugar was &#39;discovered&#39;
Are limes and lime juice more acidic than lemons and lemon juice?
Is there no use for high temperatures in ovens?
Is there any cut of beef that&#39;s close to Kobe beef?
Rolling boil has barely any steam?
How to calculate the calorie content of cooked food?
How do I convert between the various measurements?
Making (or substitute for) ricotta cheese?
Good video on separating eggs
How can I make cookies with no eggs?
How can I fix a hollandaise sauce after it has split?
What are the advantages of a Santoku over a French Chef&#39;s Knife?
Is Beer Can Chicken safe?
What determines the shape-holding ability of cookies?
Is zesting lemons effective when making lemonade?
Why does my chicken breast become so dry?
What is the effect of using pasteurized milk in cheese making?
How to take care of Silicone cookware
What oil to use when cooking steak, and what difference does it make?
How can I safely improve my cutting technique
Why are Italian eggs so yellow?
What is freezer burn?
How can I get my bread to be more fluffy and less dense?
How to get sprinkles to stick to the side of a cake?
How does commercial whole grain bread stay fresh for so long?
Is it safe to eat mouldy bread?
What are some good recipe resources?
Beef Broth - What Went Wrong?
The difference between green, red and yellow bell peppers
What are the differences between various types of paprika, and which have the most flavor?
How do I make Crispy Gnocchi
How should I store steaks in the freezer?
How do you make paneer?
Are you supposed to eat the rind of Brie cheese?
How to dice tomatoes?
What good substitutes for saffron exist?
Storing Pizza Stone in Oven
Is there a non-penetrative method for checking cake doneness?
What to look for when purchasing a blender?
How to prevent overcooking of eggs in Carbonara sauce?
How to know when chicken breast has cooked through?
Should whole coffee beans be stored at room temperature, the fridge or freezer?
Am I missing something with Beer Can chicken?
How To Tell When Corn is Done With Boiling
What&#39;s the purpose of a bread box?
where can I find ancient ages/middle ages recipes and preparation techniques?
How much gluten will set off somebody&#39;s celiac disease?
To which internal temperature should I cook beef for rare/medium/well done?
How do I get the best possible texture when making vegetable cream soups?
How do I get vegetarian tamales to come out fluffy?
Why do so many cheeses have artificial ingredients?
What is the fastest/easiest way to prepare potatoes for mashing?
Can I reuse cedar grilling planks?
Better Scrambled Eggs
Is gelatin vegetarian?
The science of confit
What can I substitute for Kaffir Lime Leaves?
Dissolving cocoa powder in milk
What is the best way to reheat leftover grilled fish?
What are the positive effects of adding celery to a sauce?
Is it important to warm the flour before making bread?
Is there any way to avoid grease splatter?
How should I deal with blood released while thawing meat in the refrigerator?
Which torch to buy for finishing sous vide meat? Butane or propane?
How do you correctly soften butter for spreading?
Does putting salt in coffee really remove bitterness?
Why do red onions turn blue or green when cooking sometimes?
Is there a vegetarian gelatin substitute that is as strong as gelatin?
What are the differences between candy thermometers and meat thermometers?
Stripping seasoning from cast iron
Why does leftover pizza dough make terrible bread?
Does ketchup belong in the fridge, or the cupboard?
Ginger and yeast
Why don&#39;t my cookies flatten?
What flavorants stand up to long cooking?
How long can I store soaked beans before cooking?
What different uses do we assign to salted butter vs. unsalted butter?
Is asparagus generally recognized as the best vegetable, and why?
What kind of cheese does Pizza Hut or Domino&#39;s use?
how do you get sushi rice to not stick to your hands?
How long can eggs be unrefrigerated before becoming unsafe to eat?
What causes yogurt in sauces to split? How to prevent it?
Is unnecessary refrigeration problematic?
How do I remove turmeric stains from metal/plastic cookware?
Why do so many desert/biscuit recipes have salt in them?
What is the following cooking utensil used for?
What does &quot;bring to a simmer&quot; mean?
What is a Chutney?
How do I make my chocolate brownies &#39;fudgy&#39;?
What is the benefit of using a Mezzaluna Knife over a traditional knife
Can I carve up a suckling pig like you would an adult pig?
What is the white foam that builds up when I make tea?
Making cake icing look professionally smooth
What should I do if power goes out while I am baking cake/cookies?
Why is it called coffee cake?
Are there any scientific advantages to using a cork to stop a wine bottle?
How do I keep fruit from sinking to the bottom of my cake?
What causes tea to be bitter, and how can I avoid that bitterness?
What is the best way to toast pecans?
Does water boil faster with the lid on?
Does black tea have the the highest level of caffeine? If so, why?
How do you make Welch&#39;s fruit snacks?
Are there any general principles of ingredient substitutions?
Why do chefs use Gold and Silver Leaf?
Metal dust/shavings in food from knife wear?
Creating a home &quot;anti-griddle&quot;?
Do I have to peel red potatoes before baking them?
Milk for Coffee - Shake and Hit
Is there a difference between freezing meat at 26&#176;F and 0&#176;F?
How does the carrot in deep fryer trick work?
How do I preserve a tomato&#39;s freshness after it is cut?
How do I practice piping icing without wasting icing and money?
What ingredients (available in specific regions) can I substitute for parsley?
Is there a milk-free sour cream?
Does it take a special type of blender to make smoothies?
Cookware, copper or cast iron or just buy the right tool for the job?
Is it ok to use a metal turner in a wok?
Properties of a good steak?
Storing bread dough before baking
Are there any reasonable substitutions for lemon juice?
Converting oven recipe to slow cooker
How long does it take for buttermilk to go bad?
How to soft boil an egg
Is lemonade better when made with simple syrup?
How long can I store cooking wine?
How do you halve a recipe that calls for 1 egg?
Reusing coffee grounds
How do I remove kiwifruit skin without losing a lot of the fruit&#39;s flesh?
How long does cooked pasta last in the fridge?
Cup measurements: shake or scrape?
Should I let stock cool with the bones/veg still in it?
Are the leftovers from making stock good for anything?
What are other uses for a pizza stone?
Making &quot;long(er)-life&quot; homemade mayonnaise
Shiny side or not for foil?
How do I impart &quot;extra&quot; flavor with Sous Vide cooking?
How to make large clear ice cubes
Is there a difference between Brie &amp; Camembert?
Why do chefs traditionally wear a high white hat?
Culinary uses for lavender
How should baking soda be used to tenderize meat?
How do I sweat onions?
In baking, can yoghurt replace butter?
How do you put out a grease fire?
Whipped cream without a mixer?
How much difference is there between brands of flour?
Difference between old fashioned and quick oats?
Am I using my knives for the correct jobs?
How can I make a silky smooth, rich mash?
What foods/preparations demonstrate the flavor difference between sea salt and table salt?
Why blanche vegetables before freezing?
How to do English breakfast at home
How can I cook more flavorful Chicken through and through?
What makes steel-cut oats different?
How can I grow my own yeast (sourdough starter)?
Why do bananas turn black in the refrigerator?
Japanese term for when the Sushi chef prepares meal for you
How do you prepare a steak to be rare and very rare (blue)?
Is it safe to eat butter after it has crossed its expiration date? Does butter ever spoil in fridge?
Can I safely roast a chicken for 4 to 5 hours on a low heat?
How to clean cauliflower?
Butter substitute for 1 cup of butter for baking
Should I sear meat which is cooked sous vide before it goes in the bag, or after?
What do you do with left over tomato paste?
Why is my mac &#39;n&#39; cheese grainy?
Why do yolks break so easily (sometimes)?
Pulled Pork in a slow cooker. To brown or not to brown?
When &quot;sorting&quot; lentils, what exactly am I looking for?
Defrosting pizza dough correctly?
What causes the difference between Maine and Canadian lobsters?
Can I use the green part of leeks for stocks?
Cast iron pan flaking
Why doesn&#39;t chocolate go bad?
Why does cinnamon in the grounds make older coffee taste better?
What to consider when learning to make sushi at home?
Is rare duck breast safe?
For crackling, should I give pork a blast of super heat at the start or end of roasting?
How do you keep turkey from getting too dry?
How to deconstruct a pumpkin
Should maple syrup be stored in the refrigerator?
Can store bought salmon be used for sashimi?
Why and when does a skin form on heated milk and how can I prevent it?
dry garlic in oil --&gt; botulism risk?
Baking bread ... without crust?
Pouring cold water on pasta after cooking it
Garlic Powder vs Garlic
Why does Green Tea taste sour as it cools down?
baking bread with all-purpose flour
Which onions to use and how to cook them for an Indian curry recipe that specifies &quot;fry until deep pink&quot;?
Why did my mozzarella turn out like ricotta?
How to make hot dog buns or sandwich rolls with a soft crust?
How do I cook for just one person? any good cookbooks?
Perfect Hollandaise every time using a blender/food processor?
What does beating eggs actually do (chemically speaking)?
How long should I cook pork for (at 100&#176; C)?
What is the purpose of tempering chocolate?
How to find a competent knife sharpener
Time vs. Temperature - What changes what?
Ham and Pea Soup with whole dried peas instead of split peas?
Is it safe to cook wine or vinegar in cast iron?
How can I reheat coffee without imparting bad flavor?
What is seeping out of my key lime pie?
What is the best way to open a tightly fitted lid of a jar?
What is the purpose of using potato peels for seasoning a cast iron pan?
What &quot;actually&quot; tastes (and cooks) like chicken?
How do I keep soup from being bland?
If Nutrition Facts states 0% Cholesterol does that imply the food is vegan?
Do all modern electric stoves have &quot;binary&quot; heating elements?
Conversion rule: how to switch oil and butter?
What is a good pine nut substitute for pesto?
How do I use whole fresh tamarind?
What&#39;s the best way to peel an onion?
Some recipies call for beer to be added, but why?
How long can I let a steak rest after seasoning and before cooking?
How to throw a pizza dough?
Good breads for evening cooking?
What type of yoghurt should I use for making curry?
New takes on recipe format
What&#39;s the difference between jam, jelly, and preserves?
What foods *require* a food processor?
Why should I use olive oil?
Why is the alcohol content in British beer so weak?
The best way to clean a French Press coffee maker
Use Avocado instead of Butter to bake a cake?
Are &#39;premium&#39; spices worth the expense?
Why don&#39;t dry bread crumbs spoil, when bread does?
Where did the thin, smooth plastic spatulas go?
What makes a pasta shape pair with a sauce?
Are fungal toxins a significant problem in coffee, and if so, can they be avoided?
Lifting the lid on cooking rice - is it such a big deal?
How to make deep fried beer?
How do I tone down the intensity of raw onion?
Can I continue to age store bought cheese?
How to prevent &quot;sweating&quot; chocolate covered strawberries?
Why do chocolate chips stay softer after being baked?
What effect do different slash patterns have on bread oven spring?
What&#39;s the best way to get a charcoal taste on a propane grill?
Should I use my microwave&#39;s &#39;popcorn&#39; button?
Why is water often added to the eggs when making omelettes?
How do I melt the chocolate in a s&#39;more?
Is a &quot;cup&quot; on a coffee maker always 6 oz? Is this a standard in the US?
Why is it that white fish do not have as strong of a &quot;fishy&quot; taste as other fish?
How to imitate commercial fried chicken?
What&#39;s this &quot;pucker&quot; style hole on my cheese grater for?
How do I maximize the shelf life of my homemade hot sauce?
What counters astringency?
What does al dente really mean?
How can I get homemade yoghurt to thicken properly?
How to make round popcorn?
What difference does the bar pressure makes in espresso coffee machines?
How do I duplicate these chips?
Should I peel garlic before pressing it?
Does wax on citrus fruit make the zest unsafe to eat or compromise its flavor?
When should cutting boards be replaced?
What is each side of a 4-sided grater for?
Should homemade lasagna be frozen cooked or uncooked?
Is cast iron skillet suitable for vegans?
Can anybody help make homemade pasta foolproof?
Can liqueurs be reduced?
Is there a way to make delicious donuts with a small amount of oil?
Is it valid to claim that a jam contains no preservatives?
Can you candy salt? (Experiment Results)
Can I make fried chicken without a deep frier?
When sauteing should I put onion or garlic first?
Why not cover the pot?
Ingredient selection for Canadian Poutine dish
What is the best way to store fruit in bulk to make smoothies?
What are some recommended methods of cleaning wooden cutting boards?
Name of a greek spice that sounds like &quot;bakari&quot;
What does &quot;de-bearding&quot; mussels mean?
How can I improve my barbecue sauce recipe?
Is there an alternative to cornstarch
How to dry oregano?
Differences/Similarities between cinnamon and nutmeg
What&#39;s the best way to store potatoes and maximize their shelf-life?
How do I make a &quot;baking powder&quot; substitute in a pinch
Is it safe to deglace a cast-iron pan?
Arborio and Risotto
How to recover jam that has set too hard?
What would be a good substitute for Rice Wine?
What should I check when buying a pineapple?
Beer batter fish, keeping the breading from peeling right off while eating?
What is a proper Manhattan?
What kind of beer for beer bread?
What fish have deliciously edible skins?
How do you make pork rinds?
How can I choose good avocados at the supermarket?
How do I clean kale and other leafy vegetables for cooking?
Are Green Potatoes OK?
Over-stirring muffin mixtures
Clarified butter? What should I know?
How do you sharpen a serrated knife?
Is there any reason to scald milk?
Is Teflon dangerous?
How do you efficiently clean a leek?
Why do things smell good while cooking but have little flavour when finished
How do you make Yorkshire Puddings rise reliably?
Order of combining wet and dry ingredients when baking
Are Chives and Green Onions the same thing?
How does one begin to create salsa?
What is a good use for lots of fresh cilantro?
Frothing Milk By Hand
Can UHT milk be used to make yogurt?
When a Recipe Calls for Expensive Liquor, What&#39;s the Purpose and What Are the Substitutes?
How can I wash down spicy food?
Using cast iron on a glass range
What is the formal definition of savory?
What is the purpose of sifting dry ingredients?
How can I safely use a blender with hot liquids?
How to keep my stainless steel skillet clean
Cast Iron vs Steel
How much is a knob of butter?
How to store garlic?
Why add salt to the water when cooking rice?
Is there a way to prevent my Fruit Pie from getting runny?
How many times can cheesecloth be reused?
Why buy a more expensive kitchen scale
What does to deglaze a pan mean?
What seasonings give ranch dressing its distinctive flavor?
What is a good technique to make Iced Tea?
What are some of the benefits of electric stoves versus gas stoves?
What can I do with a lot of bay leaves?
Are there health issues with sous-vide cooking?
What makes carrot bits turn green in carrot pineapple bread? (And are they safe?)
What oils are &quot;required&quot; for a decent home kitchen?
What are safe, effective practices for smoking salmon in a commercial smoker?
Are there other parts of a Lobster that are edible apart from the Tail and Claws?
Is dry rub necessary in making bbq ribs?
What method can I use to cook pumpkin seeds so that they turn out crunchy?
What&#39;s a good substitute for cilantro?
&quot;Cooking&quot; with acid (ceviche)
Why do you need to peel peaches to can them?
How long should I wait before I lift the lid of my sauerkraut crock?
What are some things to consider when choosing a salt?
Does honey have a bitter component?
What does &quot;crowding mushrooms&quot; mean?
How does the power setting on a microwave work?
Is there a way to infuse roasted coffee beans with different flavors?
How long should roast pork be cooked so that it stays light pink?
What is the difference between Alaskan King Salmon and Scottish Salmon?
Can I put frozen meat in a slow cooker?
How long do eggs last in the refrigerator out of the shell?
how to peel a pomegranate efficiently?
How to substitute eggs in homemade pasta?
Substitution for baking soda?
Why does roasting vegetables before pureeing into soup affect the flavour?
Advice for gingerbread houses?
Non-cow&#39;s milk replacement for Parmesan cheese in Genovese pesto
Why should I boil pretzels in baking soda water before baking?
Are some flavour pairings known to work better than others (and if so, why)?
How to make pancakes/crepes without eggs nor any liquids besides water?
How to Pair for Beer Tastings
What can I do to help prevent flatulence from beans?
What flour and technique do I need for hand pulled noodles?
why is my bread too tough?
Why do microwave ovens make bread rubbery?
How do you properly defrost frozen fish?
How can I maximize the caffeine content of my coffee?
How can I check if my flour is self-raising or plain?
Utensil materials - plastic, metal or wooden?
Why is there vinegar in the bread recipe?
Need suggestions for ABSOLUTE beginner&#39;s cookbook
Why do people put oil/butter in pan when frying ground beef?
Do Pineapples Ripen After They Are Picked
Tips To Make Pizza Dough Workable
What can I do with frozen eggs?
How do I make paneer firm and chewy like in the restaurant?
Kitchen safe touchscreen recipe reader
What is meant by &quot;cook until the oil separates&quot; in Indian curry recipes?
Cookbook says to store dough in fridge overnight, why can&#39;t I just bake it already?
Freshly Ground Beef vs. Store Bought
Why sweat but not brown?
Preventing white sugar from clumping in the canister
Juice Concentrate Manufacturing and Process?
What brine ingredients are effective?
What&#39;s the best way to tell that pasta is done (when boiling)?
Should beef jerky be cut with or across the grain?
How can I know how long home-cooked food will stay good in fridge?
Is it safe to eat sprouted onions?
Is there a difference between Kansas City strip and New York strip?
Devising a first-scratch bread recipe
What does &quot;spooned and leveled&quot; mean?
Brown line in back of shrimp
How much is a small/medium/large onion?
Trick to keeping guacamole from turning brown
What is the importance of letting pizza dough sit?
How to pasteurize eggs in a sous vide machine (in the shell)
How long does uncooked meat last when kept in the freezer?
How can I extract palm sugar from a container?
Do bakeries generally knead dough for bread by hand or use a machine?
Can a rice cooker make amounts much smaller than its rating?
Odour removing metallic soap: what is it and how does it work?
What factors should I consider when buying kitchen tongs?
Cold-brewing coffee
Garlic and oil emulsion
Effect of rice cooking techniques
Are bay leaves dangerous to (unwittingly) eat?
What is the best way to store carrots?
Cooking on the stove: what is &quot;too hot&quot; for a pan?
Why does cheese have an expiry date?
Is baking by weight really more accurate?
Why does whole leaf tea leave a residue in the cup?
&quot;Indian Spicy&quot; vs. &quot;Thai Spicy&quot;
Quinoa in a Rice Cooker?
Is it possible to temper chocolate at home?
What is the difference between good quality chocolate and cheap chocolate?
Why Did This Cheesecake Catch on Fire?
Why put a stone in the soup?
Is hot tap water safe for cooking?
What should I cover bread dough with while it&#39;s rising?
Why stretch and fold vs traditional kneading of bread dough?
How can I make whole grains stick to the top of bread?
Are potatoes ever used in Mexican or Tex-Mex dishes?
How important is RPM in a blender?
Is it okay to use aluminium foil instead of parchment paper while baking cookies?
Is it worth roasting my own red peppers?
Can I make pickled eggs that don&#39;t require refrigeration?
What kinds of pressure cookers are there, and what are they good for?
Is there a way to safely can pesto sauce?
Can you beat eggs inside their own shell?
How do I know when my stock is done cooking?
How to minimize splatter using an immersion blender?
Why does dark chocolate turn white after being in cold for some time?
What temperature does the Maillard reaction occur?
How to prevent sliced vegetables/roots from sticking to the blade
Is there evidence that adding salt to water prior to boiling can damage a stainless steel pan?
Chili/Stew - Is it necessary to cook all the meat before adding to the rest of the ingredients?
How to make yogurt without any existing yogurt
Do vegetables ripen like fruit?
Why would IQF shrimp say &quot;do not force thaw under running water&quot;?
Is it okay to keep flour in the freezer?
Ridges on knife steel?
Why do you need eggs when making icecream?
Can one become ill from consuming food smoked with wood that contains a common fungus?
Is there anything special about fugu meat?
What are some techniques to cool down a dish so that we can store it in the refrigerator safely?
What is the best way to store ground coffee?
When soaking chickpeas (garbanzo beans), do I discard floaters?
What&#39;s the best approach to get runny-yolk sunny side up fried eggs?
Why don&#39;t dry aged/hung sausages go bad?
What spike is this? Identifying some utensils
Why is there such disparity between the calories in a banana and the calories in this pack of dried banana?
Why is the first hotcake always the worst?
Pots and Pans in the dishwasher
How to tell if it is honey, super filtered honey, or corn syrup?
What is Bosnian black honey?
When coating raw meat with flour, does leaving it for a period of time make the flour &#39;disappear&#39;?
How can I evenly grill a thin steak on a skillet?
How do I prevent salmon sticking to the BBQ grill?
Does wrapping banana stems actually prolong their life?
Low Hassle, Knead-Free Doughs
A question about browning meat for spaghetti bolognese
What is the meaning of the term whole grain?
Storage life for goose fat
Is there a formula for converting pancake batter to waffle batter?
How can I keep meringue pie-topping from falling?
What is the functional difference between imitation vanilla and true vanilla extract?
What is the difference between various cuts of steak?
Mayonnaise Substitutes
How can I make macarons with &quot;feet&quot; in my oven at home?
What is the best way to store stock in the freezer?
How can I tell fresher fish apart?
Which is better to saut&#233; with, stainless steel or Teflon?
Knife chopping through bone or coconut
Rule of thumb for cooking or baking different quantities?
Proper olive oil tasting technique
What&#39;s the best way to cook brown rice?
Is there a way to grate a block of cheese entirely without hurting one&#39;s fingers or knuckles?
Can you reuse marinade used with raw chicken?
When baking what works well as a sugar substitute?
How do you keep chicken breast juicy when grilling?
Gnocchi - best fluffy technique
How do you cook corn on the cob on BBQ?
How to do frozen yogurt
What&#39;s the best method for making iced coffee?
Thick, moist, fluffy, flavorful pitas
Substituting butter for oil: Does it matter for baked goods?
How should I store a cut bell pepper?
How to make edges on pancakes be crispy and the inside soft
Stir fry rice clumps
What is the proper way to cool sushi rice after cooking?
How best to pan-fry tofu?
What is a simple and easy way to make a meat dish for a college student
Why does my steak turn out well done when the temperature probe says it&#39;s only rare?
Does white whole wheat flour need to be refrigerated?
Difference in technique for cooking with non-stick and standard pans?
Sour pork, causes?
What are the differences between the grades of maple syrup?
To sear or not to sear - slow cooking beef dishes
I would like to try grilling fruit - any suggestions?
Shaking cocktails without bar equipment
What is slow cooking and what it is good for?
How do I temper an egg?
Is bacon fat supposed to congeal at room temperature?
Can evaporated milk be converted to sweetened condensed?
What vegetarian substitute for prosciutto could I use in Carbonara?
How can you make &quot;All Purpose Flour&quot; using home ground wheat?
Can any harm come of eating watermelon seeds?
How to store Onion
Does bacon need to be fried until crisp?
Light vs Dark Brown Sugar
Can I boil milk unattended (and still keep the pan clean)?
Culinary uses for hops
How to know when to stop churning ice cream?
What does &quot;shocking&quot; food do?
How does salmonella get into eggs?
How can I make my own mayonnaise properly?
Using ostrich and emu eggs
Sun Drying Tomatoes
How do you season/prepare a wood plank for Plank Grilling?
How do you peel chickpeas?
how to grind pistachio nuts so that they stay dry
Chocolate mousse with cooked eggs?
Is cooking with olive oil bad or toxic?
Can I replace honey with maple syrup in recipes that require honey?
What is the most efficient way to squeeze water out of cooked spinach?
Can I preserve fresh potato gnocchi by drying it?
Is it safe to eat Raw Corn?
Cooking duck breasts
What&#39;s the difference between a Stromboli and a Calzone?
What is the proper way to make a cup of mate?
Is there a way to recover hardened Pecorino Romano?
Refrigerating olive oil
What is a &quot;nonreactive&quot; pan?
Will botulism growing in my home-canned vegetables pop the lid?
What is the difference between Devil&#39;s Food and Chocolate cake?
How to thicken Thai curry
What determines total heat when using chilis? Quantity &#215; intensity?
Can I Brown Beef For Slow Cooking the Night Before
In general, can I substitute egg species for either egg-only or egg-centric dishes?
Why do some recipes call for sugar in a brine?
What happens to the flavour of meat when you cook it Star Anise with Onions?
Which non penetrating method is recommended to check chicken breasts for done-ness when pan fried
How can I make my scones rise evenly?
How to keep Tupperwear unstained?
Oatmeal used in apple crisp topping
Why whole peppercorns?
Gummy residue from baking spray/oil
When cooking pasta in salted water how much of the salt is absorbed?
If a recipe calls for canned beans and I want to use dried beans, what do I need to do to the dried beans first?
My ginger is blueish... is it safe?
How do you properly drain the grease after browning ground beef?
How to make big, fluffy &quot;Mexican-style&quot; flour tortillas (without using any special machinery)?
What is the difference between coffee grinds/beans labeled as &quot;espresso coffee&quot; and ordinary coffee?
How to lighten (or make less dense) pizza dough
The secret to Pringles like potatoes
How do Thai People Make Peanut Sauce?
Chocolate Shot Glasses
Crusty french bread
Does preparation of food change the nutritional content with respect to fat type?
What is &#39;Bread Improver&#39;?
Accidentally baked flatbread with oxygen absorber -- is flatbread safe to eat?
Can I cook Foster Farms chicken sous-vide in its original plastic?
Catering event for 1st time. How should I prepare?
Making Mayo by hand , using whisk , emulsion breaks down
Food safety concerns regarding cooked steak stored in the fridge
Maillard in a Pressure Cooker
How Can I Tell If Meat Has Been Brined?
How deeply should I peel sweet potatoes?
Should rice be washed with hot water or cold water?
Garlic Infused Oil—Safety
What spices taste umami?
Why does soda bread call for buttermilk?
How to get &quot;burned&quot; effect on cheesecake?
is there a downside to using a wood mortar and pestle?
What is the &quot;grated yam&quot; in okonomiyaki?
What changes should I make to accomodate vegan naked fatties?
How to avoid getting the pizza all watery?
Why is lye used in some recipes for cookies?
Can I re-cook a ham that was left out overnight?
Do specialty cheese-cutting tools have specific advantages over an ordinary knife?
When should I flavor my Bolognese?
How do you grill a perfect burger?
Does paneer have to be cooked?
How can I make the most effective use of high-quality olive oil?
What makes store brand mayo white?
How to ensure that spices reach inside the eggs in the egg curry?
How do I change cake recipes for cupcakes?
Rubbing eggplants in salt
Can I sharpen a knife with sandpaper?
Is it possible to patent recipes?
Are there things you cannot freeze?
The art of Sushi: using wasabi to kill parasites
Can we digest raw starch?
Leaving the food out to cool off after cooking
What are the &#39;natural flavors&#39; in a fruit drink that contains no juice?
Why are most enameled cast iron dutch oven&#39;s only rated up to 400-450 F?
What cheeses work &#39;best&#39; in melted cheese sandwich applications?
How to make tofu that is crispy and flavorful outside and soft inside?
Is it safe to reheat old water in an electric kettle?
botulism risk with refrigerated items
Yellowness of egg yolk
How long does bicarbonate soda (baking soda) keep?
Soaking beef in water
Why does coffee taste awful after reheating it in a microwave oven?
Coffee foam vs. Tea foam
Liquid made with cream and penicillium roqueforti?
How to get a smooth paste from ground chickpeas?
When making risotto, why fry the rice?
Can you store oil in a container that is not airtight?
What styles of barbeque exist in American cuisine?
How is boiled rice different from steamed?
Difference in caffeine levels between light and bold coffee?
Is it ok to leave a slow cooker unattended?
Why should I let bread cool before slicing and eating?
Best way to cleanly cut brownies?
Why is there cornstarch in powdered sugar?
Which fruits and vegetables should be kept in a fridge, and which outside?
What takes over the functions of gluten in gluten-free bread mixes?
What&#39;s the difference between masa for tortillas and for tamales?
Why using both baking powder and sodium bicarbonate?
How can I use these new findings on tomatoes to my advantage?
How to avoid the rhubarb teeth effect?
How do you wash fruit and veggies effectively?
Why do people recommend cream of tartar when whipping egg whites to the exclusion of all other acids?
Is a vacuum strictly necessary for sous-vide cooking?
At what point should carrots be thrown away?
Are there any recipe ingredients that scale in a non-uniform manner?
When is a Utility Knife to be preferred over a Chef&#39;s or a Paring knife?
Oil separating from fried onion/spice mixture, why does it happen?
How do they extract kernels from sunflower seeds in mass production?
How is UHT milk heated to a high temperature for only 1–2 seconds?
Is there a method to pour espresso shots without damaging the crema?
How dangerous is it to bake food with plastic?
Brown Basmati rice -- How to prevent mushiness?
unwarp my cutting board?
Navigating the different types of cookware - new kitchen advice
Is horse meat safe to eat?
How to use a honey dipper?
If salt dehydrates the meat, then why would brining make it more juicy as a whole?
Room temperature &quot;rest&quot; for fresh mayo?
How can you recognize cold milk that has gone bad or is about to?
Mexican ceviche vs. Japanese sashimi
How can I determine canning processing times?
Are potato fruits (not &quot;potatoes&quot;) edible?
Is the &quot;gamey&quot; taste of venison just a polite name for &quot;rotten&quot;?
How do cooking utensils remain safe for use?
When should I press garlic and when should I chop it?
What is a &quot;Bubble Gum&quot; flavor
How does soaking liver in milk work?
Is there such a thing as &quot;food grade CO2&quot;?
What is the difference between a Spring Roll and an Egg Roll?
What is this really tasty part of a chicken found in a cavity in the hip?
Is there a way to stop marshmallows from melting off the stick?
Who added water to my chowder?
How much of &quot;wasabi&quot; is actually wasabi in the United States?
Do pan &quot;pores&quot; exist, what are they, and what are their effects?
Serving Creme Brulee to a large group of people
Coconut Water from White vs Brown Coconuts
Should lemongrass be edible or just a flavoring?
What&#39;s the point of roasting a whole chicken?
How to make baking soda
What is &#39;Musk&#39; as used in this recipe
How long and at what temperature do the various parts of a chicken need to be cooked?
Besides salmon, what other meats can be grilled on a cedar plank?
Why do burgers sometimes fall apart on the grill?
Can cheesecake be cooked without a spring-form pan?
What are good references for Gluten free baking
How much salt should I add to a dish?
Keeping the bubbles in sparkling gelatin desserts
Can I re-use rice if it has been used for blind baking?
Why does frozen food seem to have lost its original taste and texture after reheating?
How to make - succulent - Bruschetta?
Is there any difference between bakers yeast and regular yeast?
Is it worth to install a gas stove with a big gas bottle in the kitchen?
In reference to baking bread, what is a &quot;mother culture&quot;?
Corned Beef - From Scratch
How do I make a really flavorful turkey burger?
How do you figure out how much oil to use for pan frying?
Cracking an egg
How can you measure the caffeine content of a liquid at home?
Fondue without Gruyere cheese
What foods are high in umami?
How to prepare gnocchi dough for mixed ingredients?
Does butter really penetrate a steak when allowing it to rest after cooking?
Substitute for onions and garlic
Should you add some salt to flour when baking?
Standard weight conversions for converting cups of flour to grams of flour?
Is it safe to eat raw fish?
what is a good liquid to replace tequila with?
Why is my blueberry jam grainy?
What&#39;s the difference between Salami and Pepperoni?
Is it possible to make cookies without creaming the butter?
When a recipe calls for Wine, does it make a difference what wine to use?
How can I keep the cheese from leaking out of my cordon bleu during cooking?
Are there a better ways to crush biscuits/cookies than a rolling pin?
What&#39;s the difference between bacon and gammon?
Cooking with chronic fatigue
How can I store root ginger for maximum shelf life?
Ultimate caramel / toffee / butterscotch fudge sauce for ice cream sundaes?
Are there culinary applications for carrot tops/greens?
Fruit Flies and Storage of Fresh Produce
Can clarified butter be used for beurre noir?
How long can I leave an uncooked steak out?
How can I remove excess fat from stews or soups without refrigerating?
What is the difference between grits and polenta?
Why would you Parboil Some Vegetables Before Stir-Frying them?
Red apples safety
How to cook bison burgers (a.k.a. buffalo burgers)?
What does it mean when dough is referred to as &quot;short&quot;?
When a recipe calls for a cup of chopped nuts, should they be measured before chopping or after chopping?
I wanted to make homemade pickles, does it matter what type of salt I use?
How to make saffron really color my risotto?
Can you freeze cheese and still keep the flavor when you defrost it?
Can I weigh without a set of scales?
How long will live lobsters last in the fridge?
How to properly store mushrooms
Excessive water when cooking scallops
How can I make my Chocolate Mousse fluffier?
What can I do with a lot of sage?
Keeping a sugar solution in the fridge
Suitable oil for woking?
Can you put lasagna together one day, and then make it about 24 hrs later?
Method of canning without pressure canner?
Is MSG necessary or what to replace it with?
Can you freeze soup?
Why does my chocolate seize when I add brandy to it?
Safe pH range (acid vs base) for food
Online freely available cookbooks
When adding vital wheat gluten to a bread recipe, should one reduce the amount of flour equal to it?
Trouble with Baked Chicken Wings
Saut&#233;ing vs Frying vs Caramelizing -- what&#39;s the difference?
How do I control the temperature of burnt sugar?
How do I make tempura turn out light?
Why baking powder in rotis?
How to make a brittler, harder chocolate coating?
When basil gets brown spots, is it still usable?
Is there a difference between a slow cooker and a crock pot?
What are the pros and cons of Convection Microwave Ovens?
How to Make Home-made Flour Tortilla Bowls for Salads?
How to clean a burnt cast iron pot?
How to stuff bread puffs (Gougeres)
Camping with tofu
Sesame Oil vs Toasted Sesame Oil
How do I stop homemade Ravioli from going soggy? (storage issue)
What is a kitchen rag?
What is a poolish starter?
Is copper cookware really better than stainless steel?
How to make a sauce based on tea
Cheap cheese is tasteless. Can I make it tastier in my mac and cheese?
Does olive oil and balsamic vinegar together need to be refrigerated?
How to tell if it is real sourdough?
What to look for when choosing a dutch oven?
Can you make pan gravy if the turkey was brined?
How to dry out mash - added too much milk
Is Greenpan safe?
Ultimate Grilled Cheese : Keeping it together
Is there any way to &quot;Salt&quot; unsalted cashew pieces?
Overwhelmed by cheese
How long will grease (from bacon or roast) keep in the fridge?
Why did my chicken soup go cloudy?
What are the advantages of using a stove instead of an oven?
Storing hard crusted bread
How can I ensure food safety if my cooking utensils have touched raw meat?
Turning raw/baking cocoa powder into instant cocoa (Kaba/Nesquik)
Why are many chinese sauces so dark?
Cooked whole chicken has congealed blood around joints and bones, should I worry?
How do I prevent food from sticking to a standard (non-coated) pan?
hard crack candy coming out too sticky
Would a cast iron pot work well for chili? If so, why?
What features do I want in a Toaster Oven?
Why does prepackaged deli meat taste better when you take each slice and &quot;fluff&quot; it?
How to mix a spaghetti carbonara?
What is the ideal fridge temperature
Is it scientifically verified that bananas will ripen faster when kept in a bowl with other fruit?
Seasoning steamed vegetables (in particular potatoes): advisable?
Fluffy matzo balls
How much do dry beans expand when soaked?
Ball Canning Jars: Use them over and over?
Bagged or Loose Leaf Tea
Ingredients of Root Beer
What to look for when buying a rice cooker?
Boiling things using salt
How hot are electric home stoves?
What type of chocolate is in chocolate chip ice cream
Why is gnocchi a dumpling and not a noodle?
How can I get crispy skin when pan frying fish?
Why does frozen spinach have so much less iron than fresh spinach?
How do Blue potatoes differ from Yukon Gold potatoes?
Can I can vegetables using sous-vide?
Can I fix a box cake recipe where I added oil instead of water?
Calories in toast vs bread
Is there an authoritative source on whether salt affects pasta stickiness?
What does it mean for something to be broiled?
How can you tell when flour has gone off?
Do you use paper or cloth towel for patting a meat dry before frying?
What causes a tomato sauce to have a bitterness and getting rid of it?
Which cuisines (besides Hungarian) have a tradition of serving savory desserts?
How can I tell if a balsamic vinegar is good?
How do I coat popcorn with flavor?
How much warm is warm water?
How much Finger Food to make for a &#39;crowd&#39;
Fix a bad vegetable soup
What are these little crystals in my Cheese?
Why do marshmallows poof up so huge when put in the microwave?
How do you remove the stickiness from reusable plastic container or lid?
Cooking steak on the grill
Sourdough in Bread Maker?
Why do you put celery in a bloody mary?
Why do chefs finish with olive oil?
Surface tension in food
What does adding butter to toffee do?
Pink salt vs regular salt
What is the ideal fake turkey substitute for a vegan Thanksgiving?
How long do you let a turkey rest after cooking?
Why do sauces thicken as they cool?
What is the dish shown in the &quot;Sunset Limited&quot;
Bread for the very beginner
What is meant by &quot;neutral&quot; oils?
How to keep fresh-squeezed fruit juice?
What is the Purpose of Using Onions in (Almost) Every Soup Recipe?
Suggestions for convenient and safe methods of transporting a few meals without a vehicle?
Is it true about a dull knife being more likely to cut you?
Can I reuse an alginate bath for reverse spherification?
Does having spoiling food in your fridge cause other food to spoil faster?
What is the conversion rate between dry beans to cans of beans?
What is the best way to melt chocolate?
How can I prevent dough from wrapping around a dough hook?
How to poach an egg without vinegar?
What is the difference between quick bread and cake?
Difference between boiling and steaming vegetables?
Why is freshly-chopped garlic sticky?
Are there any negative effects to kneading bread dough longer?
How do they get caffeine out in decaffeinated coffee?
Why are my cheese curds not well-knitted after pressing?
How can I tell when red bananas are ripe?
Do Chilis Ripen &quot;off the vine&quot;?
Is curry ketchup just ketchup with curry powder?
Is it safe to overcook beef or other meat?
Does chopping vegetables remove vitamins?
Is the double boiling canning procedure really necessary?
Is it possible to have chocolate chunks in ice cream that aren&#39;t waxy?
Is steam lost in boiling negligible?
Is Casu Marzu illegal in the United States?
What&#39;s the difference between pink tea and other types of tea?
Why are my pomegranate seeds white?
What are some good reasons for why people make homemade pasta?
Can grocery store chocolate be used as chocolate coating?
Fixing oily chili
How to make glowing Jello without Tonic Water?
What ingredients should be avoided in stock?
Can I use my oven for sous-vide
Can I sous-vide meat (at a temperature between 40&#186;F and 140&#186;F) for more than four hours?
Can the bacon in homemade &quot;Bacon Salt&quot; be made shelf stable?
Is it worth checking beans for stones?
How do I make crispy potato pancakes?
What&#39;s the crud in the pan with potatoes and oil?
Need to remove germ from garlic or onion?
How effective are modern home refrigerators at keeping other foods cool when hot food is introduced to the space?
Can I cook two types of dried beans simultaneously?
Do nuts ever go bad?
What is &quot;Fish Sauce&quot; typically used for?
How to know whether a coconut is ripe or rancid before buying
Does white chocolate HAVE to have milk in it?
Is there a standard measure for coffee grind size?
Fresh milk curdles when added to hot coffee and tea
Cooking Temperature for Crocodile meat?
What varities of chili peppers are most commonly used in Italy
How do I accurately take a chicken thigh&#39;s temperature?
How does harvest time matter with tea?
How can I make lemon and chilli liquid to have with hummus?
Why use liquid nitrogen to make ice cream?
Is it possible to make a beverage that evaporates on contact with the consumer&#39;s tongue?
How do I keep my melted candy windows in my gingerbread house from cracking?
Are Pyrex casserole dishes safe for use on electric stovetops?
Can I make panna cotta using a flavored, non-gelatin &quot;Jell Dessert&quot;?
How can you tell if a freezer rose above freezing?
What are the categories of fish?
Utensil to thaw meat
What is the reason that an ice cream scoop can&#39;t go in the dishwasher?
How to protect honey jar from ants?
Is all bee&#39;s honey the same?
What is water temperature after electric kettle switches off?
Can/should I use baking soda when cooking beans?
I left my cast iron pot on the gas stove, on high flame, and then forgot about it for 3 hours
How (or is) &quot;low &amp; slow&quot; turkey safe?
Fabric to be used for cheesecloth
After breakfast, egg plate clean up
Why isn&#39;t glass ideal for the fermentation of sauerkraut?
Skimming foam from stock without removing floating spices
Do quality adjectives have a standard?
Why don&#39;t most non-East Asian varieties of rice stick together?
Why do sun-dried tomatoes taste different than fresh tomatoes?
What are convenient and reliable ways to make the starter for rye bread?
Soup is too salty!
Can I use any sort of pumpkin for pumpkin pie?
How long should I saute garlic?
I fancy making flavoured &#39;spaghetti&#39;, any tips?
How to keep fruits and vegetables fresh
What is the proper usage of a pie bird?
How do I remove bitter flavor from lime rind in soup?
How can I barbecue salmon steak?
How do you cook pork chops without drying them out?
How do I store apples in an apartment?
How to make pizza crust thin and elastic at the same time?
How to make my chicken noodle soup thicker?
What are good techniques for getting gluten free bread to rise?
Is it safe to use plastic wrap in boiling water?
Substituting table salt or sea salt for kosher salt?
Cheeses for pastas, off the beaten path
How to Make the perfect French Custard?
I love &quot;Mastering the Art of French Cooking&quot;. Can someone recommend similar books for other cuisines?
Should I roast meat/bones before making stock out of it?
What is a suitable Low carb rice alternative?
How to look after non-stick cookware so it lasts?
What herbs and spices should a beginner cook have?
What is the difference between Greek yogurt and plain yogurt?
Use any part of an animal for making stock/broth?
Solutions for when heating chocolate and butter doesn&#39;t mix well
Tips for making caramel with palm sugar
Lemon and Mint drink
Is there a way to keep chilled cookie dough from flattening while cutting it?
What&#39;s the best order to add ingredients to a Stir Fry?
How do I keep my enchiladas from getting soggy when they cook?
What&#39;s the difference between Red and Panang curry?
What technique best infuses spices into a dish?
Tips/resources for learning how to plate dishes
Converting between Egg sizes
What can I use in place of allspice?
what&#39;s a good technique for pasteurizing eggs?
Uses of Horse Meat
What is the secret behind &quot;always soft&quot; ice cream?
Can chicken not completely cooked then cooled be fully cooked later?
Cakes that can be cooked whilst camping?
Make chocolate with a high melting point?
What Kind of Frosting Doesn&#39;t Need To Be Refrigerated?
How is mass egg-frying performed?
Baking in Glass Loaf Pan
Can whole chilli peppers be frozen?
how often is cleaning done in a professional kitchen?
How do you source meat that will be minimally cooked?
Is there a way to make compressed watermelon without a vacuum machine?
How can I make a Taco Shell?
Is there an easy way to trim the ends off green beans quickly?
Know if a turkey is done cooking
How do you know when a cultured item is no longer safe to consume?
Hanging at home
Honeycomb in honey - how long does it last?
What kinds of coffee beans are more successful at producing crema on espresso?
What does &quot;contains 2% or less of&quot; mean?
Should you &quot;rest&quot; a roast?
Powdered milk in bread recipe
How are green and ripe plantains used differently?
Are there any other gums that work in gluten-free baking besides xanthan and guar?
How to measure food acidity
Why does dough break when kneading, and how to prevent/ameliorate it?
How to store bagels?
How can you prepare turnips to make them less bitter?
When should I use convection when baking?
What precautions should I take when preparing food while I have a cold?
Why doesn&#39;t my bread rise in the oven? (Not first rise)
How far in advance can I stage pizza?
What qualities should I be looking for when making the best French Toast?
What kind of flour is needed for strudel/fillo dough?
Effects of making smoothies in advance
How to clean a big butcher block?
What is the difference between roasting, baking, and broasting?
Cheap sources of protein?
Any way to soften gummy candy?
Uses for Old bread dough
How to Prevent Apples from turning Brown
Tempering chocolate without a thermometer
How do I make a foam?
What can I make with the broken corn chips at the bottom of the bag?
How can I get a takeaway style pizza base?
Help with ground beef seasoning: flavors are weak
My bread is tasteless
How to make &quot;honeycomb&quot; less sticky?
Where to find a crepe maker
How to achieve great baguette crusts
Cracking open a pistachio
Will roasting ginger root give it a milder flavor?
My bacon is a mess
What causes sticking and what can I do to reduce food sticking to my cast-iron skillet?
Beef: Red on the outside, brown on the inside
What are the factors that affect the chewiness, softness, moisture of bread based desserts like cinnamon rolls?
Why does whip cream dispenser sometimes produce &quot;ragged&quot; cream?
What&#39;s the purpose of sugar in a pickling solution?
Problem with gummy-bears being too much like jelly
Why do different pasta shapes taste different?
Can I substitute Glucose Syrup for Sugar in cake recipes?
Why does bread soften after heating it up?
What is the glaze on a bakery-style fruit tart?
Does milk tenderize meat?
How much dried herb to use when substituting for fresh herbs?
How to cut a crumbly baked item (e.g. cereal bar) without it disintegrating?
Does active dry yeast really need proofing?
How do I colour ready-to-roll icing
What is &quot;hand hot&quot;?
Can you start a small mushroom farm at home without using commercial start-up kits?
Is it okay to salt beef before or while cooking it?
Can you put egg shells down the garbage disposal?
How to cook pancakes without spreading that horrible smell of burnt oil?
omelettes and scrambled eggs - How long can I store them?
Making Beef Stock
Difference between chicken and duck eggs?
Opening potato bags
Why does bread taste raw if you stop baking it and continue after it has cooled?
Cooking beef: how to make it tender?
Methods for seasoning wooden spoons?
What oil is best for seasoning a cast-iron skillet
How do I get breading to stick to pre-cooked chicken for pan frying?
How is beer classified into different types?
how to break up a bread recipe?
Ideal fridge temperature accounting for temperature spikes
What is liquid glucose?
Why rinse basmati rice?
Tricks to preserve chips (french fries)?
Difference between Maida and All purpose flour
What&#39;s Fruit Salt?
Why prevent apples from turning brown?
Why add breadcrumbs to meatballs?
How to fake salmon roe using jello
What features should I look for in a hand grinder (for peanut butter)?
Is honey considered vegan?
Where to learn what ratios to use in cooking?
Creating high-protein food for hiking
How to ferment dosa batter?
What are the safety considerations in making pine needle tea?
Should you avoid cooling a frying pan with water?
How does boiling remove vitamin C from food?
How to make puffed/popped rice?
Freshly ground coffee, how fresh should it be?
How can I mill / press sweet sorghum with household equipment?
What differences, practical and aesthetic, are there between egg washes?
How to remove mould from a wooden spoon
Is pyrex safe to use on a gas burner?
Where can I find &quot;food safe&quot; glass marbles for sous vide cooking?
What is the best way to store fresh berries?
Does dumping the water from boiling ramen noodles reduce the fat content much?
What to look for when buying good quality loose black tea?
In my new mixer, my bread dough gets wrapped around the kneading hook. What should I do?
Why do many recipes instruct you to oil or grease the pan at the start of the recipe?
What does the &quot;bold&quot; setting on my Cuisinart coffee maker do?
Why fry onions without oil and then add oil?
What makes a good vessel for storing sourdough starter?
&quot;Instant&quot; leftover rice? Making leftover-like rice without the wait? (as in for fried rice)
What&#39;s the difference between gazpacho and normal soups?
How do I ensure my deep dish crust gets cooked
How can I replicate authentic German potato dumplings?
Easiest way to strain fry oil?
What are the optimal conditions in making wild yeast starter?
What cattle do we get our &quot;beef&quot; from in the US?
Can I use a tagine on a glass cooktop, and do I need a heat diffuser?
Safety of Blue / Green Garlic
What the advantage of a &#39;bakers couche&#39; for proofing bread and is it safe?
What is the substitution ratio for mini marshmallows to large marshmallows?
How can I adjust a recipe for different grades/brands/types of gelatin?
Do German or Japanese knives hold their edge longer?
Will hard boiled eggs absorb salt through the shell?
Is it possible to bake a cake without an oven?
Can alcohol bottles (especially liquor) be stored on their side?
How to get falafel to hold together when pan-frying?
What&#39;s the difference between latte, mocha, and all the other drinks on a coffee-house menu?
If a recipe doesn&#39;t specify the type of vinegar, is there a standard type implied?
What does cream of tartar do in baking recipes?
Are chillies hotter when they&#39;re ripe?
What is the standard amount (if there is one) for a &quot;glass&quot; of wine?
Can I freeze Parmesan?
Is it normal for the Chickpeas to develop white froth after being soaked for 12 hours?
How to recognize fizzy wine?
How can I get my bacon flatter?
What can be used as an alternative for Applesauce?
What is ground red pepper?
What is the difference between &quot;vanilla&quot; and &quot;Mexican vanilla&quot;
What are the preferred uses for different sharpness of cheddar cheese?
How to fry crispy bananas?
How can I chill ice coffee quickly?
What is it about milk that makes it go well with cookies?
What is the correct internal temperature for rabbit meat?
Is eating road kill a health-hazard?
What is the correct ratio to make self-rising flour?
Can you make whipped cream with half and half?
How many people does one rabbit feed?
Prevent scrambled eggs from sticking to stainless steel
Jar lids popping several times
How can I make my fried potatoes not fall apart?
Home-make yogurt: add sugar / something else with the starter?
What does an overnight chill do to cookie dough, that a 4 hour chill doesn&#39;t?
Mushroom replacement in Beef Wellington
How to thicken Chili without compromising flavor
How to evenly spread butter in each square of a waffle?
How to clean and maintain cast iron lids
How to add a salty/bacon flavor and texture to vegan collard greens?
What is 100% juice?
What determines the &#39;saltiness&#39; of salt?
Are N2O and CO2 chargers interchangeable for culinary purposes?
What kind of cookies can be shaped?
Homemade Sausages Unlink
How can I tell when the wax has been removed from citrus fruit?
Can adequate heating transform spoiled food into safe food?
Where can I buy borosilicate (Pyrex) bakeware in the U.S.?
What is &quot;pizza crust yeast&quot;?
How to get a synthetic cork back in a wine bottle?
Telling if small pieces of meat are cooked - blind or colour blind chef
Substitute to milk in coffee?
What&#39;s the most efficient way to juice halved lemons and limes?
Why boil rice first when steaming rice?
Why does my lime peel-alcohol infusion become cloudy when mixed with water?
How can I reduce the sliminiess of okra?
Why does freshly slaughtered chicken needs to be cooled down before cooking?
Is it possible to make transparent / translucent pastry?
Can you develop an immunity to chopping onions causing tears?
Non-alcoholic substitution for dry white wine in bolognese sauce and other tomato sauces?
Why are non-orange coloured carrots so uncommon?
First onion or first minced meat?
What is the difference between normal oils and cooking oils?
Why is herbal tea brewed at boiling temperature?
How much water does pasta absorb when it is cooked?
Why don&#39;t I have to season my cast-iron teapot?
Why is cooking rice so complicated?
Ways to make my cooking routine more efficient?
Using the leftover oven heat
Does stainless steel affect garlic flavors in food?
How does velveting work?
What is the difference in blanching and parboiling?
Can I use garlic leaf for cooking?
Do professional cooks use measuring cups and spoons?
How to prevent the chicken breasts from drying out
What is the liquid often ladled onto the grill top in restaurants?
Do I add salt to my sunny side up eggs before, during, or after cooking?
Quick flavour for fresh popcorn
How to make part bake baguettes and rolls?
Boiling Chicken Breast (or any meat) before cooking to cook evenly
How long could a meat-based broth be held safely near 180F/82C?
How to safely cook a lamb&#39;s head?
Science of fast (high heat) vs. slow (low heat) scrambled eggs and omelets
Is it safe to deep fry two turkeys in the same oil for Thanksgiving?
Fried capers and caper alternatives
Less sticky rice and lentils
Desalinating dried/smoked fish
Egg yolk sizes changed over the years?
What does the clock-like symbols under plastic containers mean?
Black Beans - Toss the soak water?
How can I light charcoal faster?
What are the advantages of vanilla sugar?
Can I make risotto without wine?
Pressure canning instructions
How can I make cheap, smooth homemade Alfredo sauce?
How can I prevent pan fried chicken from becoming too chewy?
What vegan substitutes are available for cheese?
What safety precautions should be taken when attempting to flambe at home?
How thoroughly do you need to clean the inside of a chicken before baking it?
Resources for determining cooking substitutions
How do I make semisweet chocolate more liquid?
Preparing eggplant with less oil
How can I learn to sharpen my Japanese knives properly?
Can I make my own chestnut puree?
Ground beef storage and use past sell-by date
What&#39;s the best way to defrost ice-cream/sorbet quickly?
Peeling tomatoes
How to get rid of the smell from the fridge?
What are the differences between brown/golden sesame seeds and black ones?
How do you steam vegetables?
How do I get my spring rolls crispy?
What can you do with an infrared thermometer?
Proper Technique for Rolling Sugar Cookies
How do I prevent cream puff shells from deflating?
How to cook fried chicken gizzards that are tender?
Can mushrooms be re-heated safely?
What do I do with a kohlrabi?
What to do about yeast that doesn&#39;t work?
Using skim or low-fat milk in recipes
Tiramisu tips tricks and variants
How does Korean chili powder differ from &quot;US&quot; chili powder?
How would I go about home smoking a ham joint?
Can I freeze caramelised onions?
When multiplying in baking, should I follow directions all-at-once or batches?
What&#39;s a good vegetarian substitute for Worcestershire sauce?
Why is there a watery run-off after cooking my bolognese?
Secrets of Gumbo
How can I keep hot food hot when transporting it?
Which types of apples are considered to be &quot;quick-cooking&quot; apples?
How to store homemade granola?
Can agave nectar be substituted for honey in baking?
Is sweetened condensed milk a substitute for evaporated milk?
Parsley: flat-leaf or curly?
What type of sherry is typically used when cooking?
What are the herbs that &quot;dry&quot; the best?
How does crepe batter differ from pancake batter?
How can I tell if a mushroom is poisonous?
What are the differences in bleached/unbleached flour for baking?
What kind of steak to use for fajitas?
Cooking pasta in the microwave
How is long-lasting whipped cream made?
How long do black olives last once opened?
How long will a fresh herb paste last?
What can I substitute for dairy products in kosher meat dishes?
What is the shelf-life for Homemade Jams?
Can I successfully bake previously-frozen bread dough?
Can I substitute Soy Milk when a recipe for baking calls for regular milk?
How can I rescue a soft boiled egg that is too soft?
&quot;Best by date&quot; true for bay leaves?
Is there an inexpensive substitute for truffles?
Brownies without egg
What went wrong with my Chocolate Chantilly (Herv&#233; This&#39; recipe)
Bread used for containing soup
With what can I replace eggs?
Should you, and how do you, grease a crockpot?
What food additives or chemicals do you use in your cooking at home?
What is the difference between pancetta and bacon?
Cooking with a pizza stone
How do I make candy shells?
Is It Possible to Make Elbow Pasta At Home?
Difference between natural and organic
Bubble Tea - Instant or Traditional Pearls
What is sour cream?
How to fry Italian sausages without producing so much smoke?
Are there any techniques to &quot;cheat&quot; at cooking a risotto?
What additions can I make to my basic white bread recipe to increase its fiber content?
What Side Dish Sauces Should Be Promoted To Their Own Sauce?
100% Rye Pizza Base Recipes?
What&#39;s the Effect of Browning Butter
What mammals&#39; milks are drunk by humans?
Should asparagus be peeled before cooking?
Replacement for pumpkin
How to create a muffin recipe
Do I need a bread maker?
Why isn&#39;t my vinaigrette emulsifying properly?
Why does my homemade pasta stick to itself whilst cooking?
Bean selection for a chili recipe
Do Bouillon Cubes/Powder go bad?
Is free-range chicken more flavourful?
Why is cream curdled in coffee?
Why does my pizza dough rise so inconsistently?
What are some alternative wines for Boeuf Bourguignon?
Kitchen essentials for a poor college student who wants to cook like an iron chef?
What coarseness of japanese waterstones is ideal for cooking?
How can I pan fry zucchini without making it soggy?
How should I prepare Bok Choy before I cook it?
How to change the texture on dulce de leche?
What part to use from fresh Basil leaves?
Are there any substitutes for honey when trying to activate yeast?
Pimenton ahumado vs. Pimenton de la vera
Can you substitute capers for green peppercorn?
How do I incorporate chiles into a chocolate cake recipe?
Alkaline cooking
How can I use roses in cooking?
How should eggplant be stored?
What is the name of this eggplant dish that is similar to lasagna?
How long should dry beans be soaked before cooking?
Sous vide meat without seasoning - strong flavor
What to do with tofu?
Are there any vegetarian applications for transglutaminase (&quot;meat glue&quot;)?
How to best store scallions?
When does the rule &quot;only flip meat once&quot; not apply?
What can be done to thin chocolate for dipping?
What&#39;s the best/easiest way to de-vein king prawns?
What can I use to replace eggs in the recipe?
Is It Possible to make corn tortillas at home without a press?
What happens when you bake Winesap apples?
Does chopping steak negate the benefit of using better meat?
How long will shredded carrots keep?
How are savoury meringues made?
Are products labeled Kosher or Halal generally of a better quality than those that aren&#39;t?
What should I look for in a cooking pan for Risotto?
What does it mean to &#39;salt&#39; a steak prior to frying?
How to rice potatoes
Is there a faster/less messy way to stuff manicotti/canneloni?
Why is my Spanish rice chewy?
Gluten-free alternatives to beurre manie/roux for thickening sauce?
Gluten-free replacement to coat something with before roasting, to obtain crust
How much juice is in a pineapple
Can I use nut meal or nut butter as a curry base?
How do you smoke water?
Does using a larger slow cooker than called for by the recipe make a difference?
When curing sausage, which is more important temperature or humidity?
how to curb the smell of fish?
Making gelatin from scratch
Advantages of using a non-glass teapot?
What is a good way to cut potatoes into wedges?
What are the advantages of homemade pasta over store-bought?
Does a colder refrigerator keep things fresh longer?
Can the amount of salt in the recipe be right?
Jerk vegetable?
Uses for the Bulgarian/Balkan condiment &quot;lutenitza&quot;
Why should I wrap a cake tin in newspaper?
How can I roast chicken bones (without meat)?
What is the safest, most effective way to cleave through thick bone?
How can I create a sweet pizza that looks like pizza?
What is the proper way to use corn starch to thicken sauces?
How to veganize and improve this cake recipe?
How to make frozen pizza taste good?
What is the maximum temperature at which cream will still whip successfully?
Will vegetables and fresh herbs last longer in the refrigerator in a plastic bag?
How do you reduce a cream sauce?
When creating a recipe, what determines whether 2 ingredients will go well together?
My tea bags are expired, can I still use them?
How would you use a lot of lemons?
How to store homemade pasta
What kind of knife should I use to slice tomatoes?
What is Spaetzle? How is it cooked?
What&#39;s the best way to grate chocolate?
Spritz cookies not sticking to pan when pressed from cookie press
Is Bar Keeper&#39;s friend safe to use on cookware?
Substitute fresh garlic instead of garlic powder?
Fire side cooking
What do I do with mildly fermented maple syrup?
How much does a &quot;large&quot; potato weigh?
Are there significant differences between different brands/models of immersion blenders?
Best way to juice a pineapple
Does milk (fat) change in Winter?
What can I do with extra sourdough starter?
Hygiene-wise, need to clean grill/broiling tray after each use?
Why throw salt over a barbecue before cooking?
Carrot Pie: custard or stew?
Tips on tossing a frying pan
My grandmothers &quot;brown&quot; bread
How good a substitute is callaloo for spinach?
How the heck did people in the olden&#39; days learn to beat eggs and other laborious tasks?
How do you prepare fresh fennel for cooking?
Which oils or fats make the crispiest roast potatoes?
Cooking up onions, without oil
Do I need to cook the meat filling before stuffing ravioli?
What is room temp Butter
What should I look out for when cooking with truffles?
What can I do with leftover wine?
When to refrigerate bottled sauces?
How come heating milk in the microwave is safe?
Do you have to refrigerate Pickles?
What do I need to know when moving from an electric hob to a gas hob
Tricks for removing sausage casing?
converting pure chocolate to &quot;bittersweet&quot; chocolate
How to taste hamburgers for seasoning?
Why do &quot;saute pans&quot; have straight sides?
What is pizza sauce?
Trick to getting a sauce to stick to chicken?
Cooking polenta: is stirring for 30 minutes really necessary?
What is Light Cream
How can I avoid windswept muffins in a convection oven?
Is it bad to leave the crock pot on &quot;warm&quot; (not low) all day?
How to cook a pork sirloin roast?
Is there a spice that is hot and colorless?
Chili cooking time
What determines if the handle of a pan gets hot while in use?
Can I store suet or home-rendered tallow at room temperature for a year?
Is Spaetzle a pasta or a dumpling?
Is designating knives to avoid cross-contamination necessary?
How do I make spicy mayonnaise like Japanese restaurants use for sushi?
How to make good coffee in a Moka pot?
Why buy ground cinnamon instead of cinnamon sticks?
How to tell the difference between stamped and forged knives
Getting stains off of a glass top stove
How can I prevent simple syrup from crystallizing?
Non-shellfish Shrimp Substitutes?
Scratched Stainless Steel
How does lentils&#39; nutritional profile change in germinating lentils in water?
How do you properly wash hands after dealing with raw chicken?
Prevent thin pizza dough sticking
Why do they put the jelly-like substance in pork pies?
Can you make chocolate from coffee beans or coffee from cacao beans?
Turkish Delight is too wet
What is the sous vide botulism risk if storing meat post-cooking at home?
Where did hot dogs get their name?
why is cooking in oil or fat considered dry heating?
Are there substantial benefits to grinding your own flour?
Where in the US can I purchase Turkish Coffee/Cafe Botz/Mud Coffee
My sourdough starter is bubbling but not rising, suggestions?
Can ruined whipped cream be rescued?
Why does chilled equipment help when whipping cream?
Olive oil gets bitter in blender?
Why should one always use the same kind of coffee for an Espresso machine?
How can I create a chicken substitute?
Papadum sauces - making my own
Chiquapin Chocolate?
How to pick a good mango at a local store?
How to judge the quality of pizza dough?
How can I fix a mole sauce with excessive cinnamon?
Why are my canning lids popped out?
What is the best temperature to store honey at?
Desperately Seeking Chicken Haddies
What is blind baking?
What types of food are safe for short-term room-temperature storage?
Culinary uses for honeycomb?
What is the world&#39;s hottest pepper?
Sourdough starter from regular yeast?
Why does white vinegar taste better when at restaurants?
What&#39;s in a &#39;Paella&#39;?
How can I make yogurt at home?
How to clean a clogged Misto oil sprayer/spritzer?
How can I keep my waffle iron relatively clean when making waffles?
Can you freeze jalapenos?
How can I keep chopped fruit fresh for 2-3 hours?
How do I deal with silverskin in a steak without trimming away all the fat?
Is kangaroo meat safe to eat raw such as kangaroo tartare?
Why wouldn&#39;t you strain hamburger grease after cooking?
Is this fish dish actually Greek in origin?
Substitute for egg yolk in ice-cream (Egg Allergy)
Which type of oil/fat should I use for deep frying?
Benefits of Grill Pans
Are the claims legitimate linking botulism to vacuum prepared foods?
How to get raspberry flavor into a smoothie without seeds?
In which kind of food items can Asafoetida be used?
Why do some pie crust recipes include vinegar?
What makes a chewy brownie?
Why does B&#233;arnaise separate as opposed to cr&#232;me br&#251;l&#233;e or lemon curd?
What is Molecular Gastronomy?
Why are cheese curds squeaky?
Does it matter what type of wine is used to make mulled wine?
What determines how well cheese melts
Adding lemon to cookie recipe
Why heat soup in a blender?
Why should dried mushrooms be soaked in warm water?
Does the choice of peppers affect the &#39;flavor of the heat&#39;?
Handling raw poultry turns my cuticles black!
What is the difference between white and pink ginger?
Why does meat in the crockpot always end up dry?
What happens during a cold fermentation that makes bread taste so good?
How do you get &#39;ears&#39; when baking bread?
How can I create steam in a normal oven to promote bread oven spring?
Whipping-cream will not stay hard or keep its peaks and gets runny
Did I make butter, or something else?
How to separate two jammed-together measuring cups?
How much difference does the placement of the shelf in the oven make to the final outcome of a cake?
How can I preserve large quantities of garlic?
does bread have alcohol in it?
What is the difference between a poolish and a biga?
How to remove film from stainless steel pan
Why does sauce go watery after freezing?
Does the Philips Air-fryer work as well as a standard deep-fryer?
Is cooking with hydrogen peroxide an accepted practice?
How does lemon juice &quot;cook&quot; meat?
What are the pros and cons of coarse and fine coffee ground?
Removing ramekins from a bain marie
Can I let my bread dough rise in the mixer bowl?
What are some vegan thickeners for beverages?
How can I get a corn tortilla to be pliable enough to work with?
Reusing pickle brine
Does a granite pestel need to be re-grooved?
What are the correct simmering times for chicken/vegetable stock?
Any tips on crushing garlic for alioli?
What&#39;s the fastest way to hull a strawberry?
What should I look for in strawberries at the market?
Can you really keep feta for 3 months in a milk bath?
How do I pick artichokes for deep frying?
Is there any difference between cheap and expensive vodka?
How can I smoothly sugar the rim?
Do breadcrumbs really act as a binder in meat preparations?
What would be a good substitute for coconut milk in curry sauces?
How much is a bunch of spinach?
What is the best technique to put icing on plastic?
What is the ideal coffee temperature for tiramisu?
How to make chapattis round and of same thickness?
Can I use a waffle iron as a Panini press?
Are Garlic cloves supposed to be put as whole or as chopped up pieces in a soup?
Cocoa vs chocolate
What turned my garlic purple?
Is it possible to make soymilk without a &quot;beany&quot; taste?
How do I effectively rub spices into fish?
Homemade Truffle Salt
Wine selection when dining on horse meat?
Can dry ice in a liquid poison you?
French Rolling Pin Care and Maintenance
Do I need to wipe/clean my knife after sharpening/honing?
Mozzarella. Obtaining buffalo milk from whole milk and heavy cream
Sous-vide without a pump using convection?
How hard is it to make fudge?
How do I extract coconut milk from coconut meat?
What&#39;s the difference between chutney and relish?
What is a &quot;soup chicken&quot;
Stove top Sushi rice - Which method?
What are the effective ways to wrap a pita?
What is the &quot;idea&quot; behind thawing out meat?
How does adding baking soda to soaking beans/lentils reduce the gas they make you have?
Is it safe to eat green onion slime?
What characteristics should a bread peel have?
How can I make my turkey gravy look darker and richer?
Mortar and Pestle: Granite vs Porcelain
What is the difference between tomato puree, paste and sauce?
Pros and Cons of cream whippers?
How to make/preserve popcorn so that its taste and texture doesn&#39;t deteriorate within a day or two?
How can I thicken whipping cream?
How to cut beef tenderloin into Filet Mignon
French-press coffee has a powdery taste
How to bake burger buns so that they expand horizontally instead of expanding vertically?
What ensures big holes in my bread?
Techniques for making sourdough starter in cold/altitude
What cut of meat is used to make shabu shabu?
Are Damascus steel kitchen knives worth it?
Is it wise to use an aluminum foil in the microwave? Is there a substitute for the aluminum foil?
Hot chocolate and cheese (Colombian Special)
How do banana peels reflect its ripening state? Can we influence that in our kitchen?
Vanilla Extract Vodka Quality
Can the Cadbury Creme Egg&#39;s filling be bought independently?
Is Turkish coffee grinding finer than Espresso grinding?
Risotto question - what does &quot;translucent rice&quot; look like?
Coloring colored ice-cream
Is it possible to oversoak wood chips for smoking?
Should any liquid, or liquid-like ingredient, be included in the water proportion calculations for bread?
How do I determine if my mussels are fresh?
Can I change the flour type of my sourdough starter?
Does the type of strainer built in a teapot matter?
Must rice always be cooked with some oil or lard?
Wok patina comes off
Does jaggery need to be soaked?
homemade mint extract
Silicone Utensils and Cookware
storing liquor in cabin for the winter--quality loss?
How to store hard boiled eggs that are peeled so to avoid moisture build up?
Why do some recipes require or insist on the use of a wok over the use of a skillet / pan?
How important is fresh ground coffee vs a good coffee grinder?
How to identify a good espresso?
Why do baking recipes call for instant coffee instead of fresh ground coffee?
How to make the best of tough meat while camping?
Name of an Indian dish with stuffed whole potatoes
Who knows what this fruit is called?
How long boiled egg can be stored in fridge?
Why does the fat on my chicken broth sometimes solidify, sometimes not?
Can anyone identify this chocolate?
Are cooked shrimp shell edible?
Is it safe to throw frozen meat in marinade?
Keeping scrambled eggs with tomatoes from being too watery
Is there any danger to letting food cook in a slow cooker for a very long time?
How does baking temperature affect kale chips?
Chicken Stock gelatinous
Fresh tomatoes for home-made pizzas, is it worth it?
What happens with bread at &gt;= 94˚C/201˚F? Or: Is temperature a reliable indicator of doneness?
How does hydration of a sourdough affect baking features?
Calculating Nutrition Information for Commercial Food Labeling
How does halving a bread recipe impact rising time?
Safe to wash rice the night before and leave overnight before cooking?
Do sweet dishes taste sweeter when hot or when it gets cold?
Can you eat the seeds of Tamarind if you roast them or boil them?
How to store a banana that was cut in half to preserve the other half?
Reformulate a marshmallow recipe to remove lactose and HFCS
Can I grill a whole octopus without pre-steaming or poaching?
My Fudge Is Crunchy! Where Did I Go Wrong?
Should I avoid meat broth when cooking for vegetarians?
How to fry R&#246;sti so that it stays together?
Can home-made mozzarella be made in small batches (quart of milk instead of gallon)?
Is an unrefrigerated canned ham safe to eat?
Will a small &quot;breather tube&quot; on my bottles harm the oil/vinegar/liquor inside?
Does the speed of opening of a bottle of wine influence its flavour?
When adding eggs to scratch cake batter, why are you supposed to add them one at a time?
How can I make my Oreos crispy again?
Cooked meat diaper: toxic?
Is a longer defrost better than microwave defrosting?
Why use a sandwich press instead of an oven or pan?
How far in advance can you make bacon?
How long do you have to cook adzuki beans in a pressure cooker before they&#39;re edible?
Mold on Vinegar Batch?
Can I make ciabatta with corn flour?
Glasses/cups placed up or down in cubboard
How do I pick the best fillet mignon at the supermarket?
Why don&#39;t they sell frozen tomatoes like other frozen vegetables and fruits?
What does a Thai Scented Candle impart?
Why does microwave popcorn burn?
When should I add cocoa powder to instant coffee?
Why does cooked fruit seem to retain more heat than the other foods in the recipe?
What to do with a failed cake?
Is it advisable to freeze tomatoes?
Removing fat from a recipe
How can I tell if a fish can safely be prepared &quot;crudo&quot;?
Substitution for Suet in Christmas Pudding
My Baba Ghanoush is too watery
What are the best potatoes for baking?
A vegan alternative to Quorn?
How do I cook ribs Chinese style?
How to prepare stuffed peppers
Cooking cakes with Pop Rocks / Space Dust
What are alternative gelling agents to gelatine? And what are their properties?
How do I use no-boil lasagna noodles in a normal recipe?
What heat &amp; fat do you use for fried mushrooms?
What all fruits/crops can be stored in natural temperature for a long time?
What is the effect of the fat content of milk when making cottage cheese
What&#39;s the best way to cook fall-off-the-bone baby-back ribs
How to make Jalapeno Jelly?
What kind of wok should I get?
Is there a fool proof way to fry sausage?
How do you prepare a fresh deer for cooking?
What&#39;s the best way to store unused sushi rice?
Flaky pie crust for sweet fruit pie: butter, shortening, lard, or combination?
Is it safe to reheat food in plastic containers?
Adjusting cookie recipes for high altitude
How to halve a cake recipe?
Smoking in Kettle Grill
How do you cook quinoa?
How to prepare pie dough in bulk at home?
How do I prepare prawns such that they are straight after boiling/steaming?
Adding spices before or after frying?
What is coriander root and where can you get it?
Are garlic butter and garlic oil interchangeable?
How can I make a panna cotta based on Jelly bellys?
Chocolate mousse without eggs
Food sticking to fry pan
What is the purpose of dry aging a steak?
Using a vacuum sealer to marinade?
When is it appropriate to serve shrimp with the tail still attached?
What is Turkey Bacon?
Can I substitute Molasses for Honey in Baking Recipes?
Best Office Coffee Solution
Difference between freezer bag and storage bag
Are there any guidelines for converting cooking recipes from Regular Ovens to Convection?
How to create kebabs that taste Greek
What types of meat should I pound and why?
How do I glaze vegetables?
A steak story: dry crust
Can active dry yeast be substituted for a compressed yeast cake in baking?
Is there a simple way to make refried beans?
Heating meatballs in pasta sauce
What are the major differences between yams and sweet potatoes?
How to measure egg boiling time?
What spices are used to make a mexican fajita seasoning?
How do you poach chicken?
How do I tell if a cantaloupe is ripe?
Are there benefits to using a lemon squeezer?
Can you freeze fruit pies after baking - Will this ruin them?
Can I add unsweetened cocoa to a store-bought white cake mix to make chocolate cake mix?
Julia Child - Mastering the Art of French Cooking - OK for Kosher?
Why does the grate of my charcoal grill keep rusting?
Yeast Aftertaste
Should a serious cook own a blowtorch?
I have difficulty finding &quot;ANGOSTURA&quot; bitters, is there any substitute?
How far in advance of serving can you fry fried eggs?
Wok and electric hob - which ring to use?
Correct way to join two halves of sponge cake?
Looking for non-standard (i.e. no dill) fermented pickle suggestions
Naturally occuring mono- and diglycerides?
Blanching time for different vegetables
How can I make sifting easier?
Do chillis impregnate a wooden chopping board?
What is Zwieback toast and where can I find it?
Can I add uncooked noodles directly to soup?
How to Peel Potatoes
Is sushi so difficult?
How Long Can I Keep Uncooked Sushi Rice?
How to make Movie Theatre like Popcorn?
how to get powerful flavours when spherifying
How can I make sorbet without a recipe?
Why was the cooking liquor for my mussels too dilute?
How long does unopened, room temperature pop last?
How to make spherical chocolate-enrobed candies?
How do I make dried blueberries?
How to correctly use a whisk?
How to properly freeze kefir grains
How can I make Chinese Fried Rice like they do on the East Coast?
Best online source for spices
Is there a significant difference in flavor between black and white truffles?
Can you freeze chopped zucchini?
What is the difference between &quot;mince&quot; and &quot;dice&quot;?
Is it recommended to rinse the teapot with boiling water before putting the tea leaves in?
Consuming cardamom pods
Smell Something Burning. Course of action?
Do you need a pressure cooker to can home-made salsa?
Can you freeze gravy?
What kind of rice is used for Jamaican rice and peas?
How to make eggplant less oily?
What islands use a cooking technique that starts with sugar and hot sauce in the pan?
Saving pasta water
Partially defrosting, then refreezing?
I would like to make homemade Ketchup, how do I prepare the tomato?
Substitute frozen cranberries for fresh berries
How do you cut/process a whole pineapple?
What can I do with apple peel?
What variety of green beans make the best pickled green beans?
Minimum procedure for sterilizing mason jars for canning
How do I add butter to a sponge cake?
Can you freeze apples?
Cream based substitute for milk
What is a good way to steam tamales without a &quot;tamale steamer?&quot;
Is it possible to substitute Wax Paper for Parchment Paper during baking?
Is it possible to freeze nuts to keep them from going bad?
How can I improve the 2:1:1 margarita recipe?
Are Turkish Bay Leaves &quot;Normal&quot; Bay leaves?
Can I repair a cake tin which has started to leak?
Cookware and methods for large quantities of rice
How do you get a nice yellow gravy color when making a chicken pot pie?
What&#39;s the US equivalent of double and single cream?
How many pounds of fresh beef does it take to make a pound of beef jerky?
How do I cook shrimp in butter?
Chinese pork jerky: what makes them so tender, how do you make it?
UK alternative to corn syrup?
How do I modify sourdough recipes for use with my small starter?
What are the most effective wheat flour substitutes?
Why would cooked spinach contain more iron than raw?
How do I get my chocolate chip cookies to turn out thick and soft?
Do I have to discard leftover sushi?
What are other techniques to make garlic bread?
How to bake a chicken?
Should my chicken sit in liquid as it roasts, or not?
difference between glucose syrup and sugar syrup?
Cooking Moose meats
How does one soften sun dried tomatoes?
Chili powder substitutions
Kneading before or after rising?
Tools for making Pasta
Am I making this noodle correctly?
Baking chicken - temperature vs time
Are sushi rice and arborio rice valid substitutes of each other?
What are the basic ratios for making a chutney
Pancetta Mold. How to tell whether it&#39;s safe to eat?
Other Wagyu cuts beyond steaks
How much salt does brining a turkey add?
Where to get or how to make hollow sugar balls?
How to obtain rennet?
What&#39;s a good nondairy substitute for parmesan/grana padano as a salad-topper?
Advantages of using vinegar as a salt substitute for enhancing flavor?
Can I use a stoneware 9x13 pan instead of a metal 9x13 pan for Caramel Rolls?
What are the main differences between sugarcane jaggery, rapadura, and panela?
Substituting Peppers
How long is SPAM really good for?
What is the difference between crepes and Swedish pancakes?
How do I bake chicken breast?
In a recipe, how much is &quot;to taste&quot;?
How can vanilla essence and vanilla extract be used interchangeably?
Recomendations in Freezer Use
Can you freeze waffle batter?
What technique should I use to make latkes for a party so that I don&#39;t have to stay in the kitchen?
How can I make my pumpkin pie thicker?
What are frying pan ridges for?
Has anyone successfully spatchcocked their Thanksgiving Turkey?
what is the purpose of adding oil to balsamic vinaigrette slowly?
Add gelatin to soup as a replacement for stock?
Do leeks need to be softened?
Why cleave chicken when making stock?
How long does it take for unopened cheese to go bad?
How to roast chestnuts on an open fire?
How to stop oatmeal from sticking to the sides of my slow cooker?
Ingredients or techniques to a more solid lasagna
domestic bread steaming -&gt; will my stone be okay?
What is causing my butter toffee to separate?
turkish delight is &quot;grainy&quot;
yeast subtitution in a recipe with no water
Can I substitute Fenugreek seeds for leaves?
First time Flambe
What can I do with a failed bread?
Why not pork stock/gravy?
Is beef &#39;aged&#39; in vacuum packed bags?
Cook Time vs. Cook Temp trade off
Does a change in altitude affect baking time or temperature?
How do I keep the rice cooker from boiling over?
Cooking alcohol: how many calories are lost?
How can I clean my oven window?
Techniques for mixing bread dough with stand mixer
Can I use Chocolate Chips in place of Semi-sweet baking chocolate?
Convection/Steam cooking in a Normal Oven?
What is the proper way to maintain a can opener?
Shaping thick crust pizza dough
Is it really necessary to properly heat oil in a pan before frying veggies?
Do I need to season a stainless steel saute pan?
How do you coat almonds in wasabi and keep it spicy and crunchy? (my wasabi paradox)
Stainless Steel Pan -- gray bottom. Why?
Looking for meal-planning / grocery list software
Why isn&#39;t my mornay sauce smooth?
Substitute Cayenne Pepper for Black Pepper
What would convert this chili recipe into a Russian chili?
How can I fix my dry crumbly cookie dough?
Does adding brandy to whipped cream make it fall quicker?
What are some good spices to marinade and season baked hot wings?
Overpressurizing a cream whipper?
Making airier icecream
What is the best approach to cut carrot into thin strips?
Cooking fruit with or without sugar solution
Can I still eat this fish?
Adolescent camping food menu
How can I make granola that clumps?
How to make a roux?
How do I adjust a baking recipe for fruits of different PH?
How does a whipped cream charger work?
How long can you freeze raw chicken before it seriously affects its taste?
Converting Peppermint Marshmallow Recipe to Raspberry
What herbs and spices pair well with baked Salmon?
What can I use to flavor savory chicken stuffing instead of onion?
What is the difference (practically) between different types of rennet?
How can you pipe hot melted candy into free-form shapes?
How can I make this very low hydration bread more home baker friendly?
Is &#39;Pizza yeast&#39; any different than normal baking yeast?
Why does canned mango pulp have no vitamin A?
What&#39;s the best pasta, and cooking approach, for making pasta salad?
Homemade Gluten-Free Udon Noodles
Can I use guar and gelatine together?
How can I make vegetarian marshmallows?
How can I recreate the flavour of instant ramen without the salt?
What&#39;s the purpose of nutmeg in mashed potatoes and white sauce?
My toasted couscous didn&#39;t soften properly. Why?
Kids Lunch box - suggestion for fruit smoothie packaging
How to deal with &quot;no precooking required&quot; lasagne sheets?
A simple way to make crushed ice?
Why do some instructions tell you how long to preheat an oven for?
cast iron pan rusting on bottom surface
What icing will stay stiff (even in tropical heat) after the cake has been decorated?
microwaving scrambled eggs
Why put pepper on a dish before cooking?
home-made smoker
What is a good vegetarian source of umami flavour?
How can I reproduce a &quot;gamey&quot; flavor?
How can I efficiently render 100 lbs of suet into tallow in a home kitchen?
How to cook fall-off-the-bone beef spare ribs in oven or on stove top?
Any advice to help me form and shape stuff more uniformly?
Is it safe to leave cooked poultry at room temperature overnight?
Does a dishwasher sterilize bottles?
Why do cauliflower or brussels sprouts sometimes taste bitter, and (how) can I avoid it?
The difference between beet sugar and cane sugar
How to remove smell from plastic lid?
How do I convert a weight of dried chick peas to volume of cooked?
What are good techniques to prepare liver?
Given I have to make the batter now to eat in 3-4hrs, what&#39;s the best way to store my pancakes (or the batter)?
What features should I consider when getting an ice cream or gelato machine?
Is it safe to use oil at its smoking point?
What is the purpose of a pressure cooker in a rice cooker?
Is there any reason not to decrystallize honey?
What are some savory banana applications?
Store eggs upside down or not?
How can I know whether a potato is too old?
How do I use a convex crepe pan?
How to cook insects?
Effect of pineapple
What is a substitute for celery root in a soup?
what is the reason for adding tomato paste when making a brown stock?
Is it bad to marinate meat for too long?
How to serve oranges so it is easy for guests to enjoy them?
How do I make large spheres using spherification?
Spice rack/cupboard for kitchen with lots of spices?
Do some fish smell &quot;fishier&quot;? Why?
How do I cut bones in preparing a fast brown stock (&quot;fond brun rapide&quot;)?
Why is my sushi rice too sticky?
How to strain yogurt
How can I bolster up a boxed cake mix?
How long should I steam Artichokes?
How to cook sausage?
Ways to bar-b-que and smoke Kangaroo
What is the purpose of baking soda in chocolate-chip cookies?
How to wash pesticides from fruit skins?
what is this utensil, where can i buy it?
How do I make chai latte at home?
How can I get brownies to bake evenly?
Cake with an impenetrable crust?
Seasoning for Ground Meat
Cracking cocunut cream
Can jasmine rice and basmati rice be cooked together?
How can I create a varied (or at least tasty) menu for a 12 day hike whilst using as few ingredients as possible?
tiny quantity of egg in a cookie
Wok: Carbon steel or cast iron?
Which types of fish in sushi must be cooked?
How can I cook trout without generating horror stories?
Is there a &quot;safe&quot; way to cook ghost chili?
