Characterizing earthquakes using accelerometer data
Why do we recycle paper?
What are Horton&#39;s laws?
Is Iceland really an example of a hot-spot overlying a mantle plume?
What are some of the strongest theories against the existence of mantle plumes?
How do mantle plumes travel from the core of Earth to the crust?
Incised valleys and hydrocarbon potential
What is the distance between 2 cities?
Sources of $\ce{CO_2}$ during Carboniferous period
Climate zone classification using the Holdridge method
Ratio between heat transfer coefficient and thermal conductivity
Why does sea level correspond to boundary between oceanic and continental crust?
Where can I find solar radiation data for specific land areas?
Does within-canopy wind direction correlate with wind above the planetary bounday layer?
What is the difference between roughness length and zero plane displacement?
Using sodium chloride load as a point source pollutant variable in SWAT model?
What type of clouds are these?
Climate on an Earth without an Axial Tilt
What is the life-cycle of agricultural water used to grow crops/animals?
Why are oceanic plates denser than continental plates?
Why does Aragonite form in one case and an acetate in another?
What would happen if we removed Earth&#39;s moon?
Dependence of solar irradiation through the atmosphere on Sun&#39;s altitude
Does volcanic activity fluctuate?
Deciphering NCDC data
How reliable were early measurements of palaeomagnetic directions?
The Role of the Antarctic Circumpolar Vortex &amp; Ocean Current in Keeping Antarctica Frozen
Is it possible to see Auroras from the equatorial region?
What will happen to me if I touch the aurora?
How does Antarctica stay frozen?
CDL File Questions
What is the earliest tropical cyclone in record?
Why does phosphate rock contain uranium?
What, if any, paleoclimate data can be derived from igneous rocks?
(How long) would Earth&#39;s atmosphere last without a global magnetic field?
Did a crater cause the break up of Gondwanaland &amp; separate Australia from Antarctica
Has the number of natural disasters per year increased significantly in the years since human-caused climate change started?
vegetation types and their required or suitable climate condition
What would the equilibrium temperature be at the poles in a world without seasonality?
Why does part of the P-wave convert into a S-wave with an increase of incidence angle?
A faster way to measure the rock magnetic S-ratio?
Earth ocean basins
Is there anywhere on Earth *without* a rain shadow where we would otherwise expect one?
How has and how does the lithosphere affect climate change?
How can we guess the size of the Earth&#39;s inner core(and what it&#39;s made of)?
Did an impact crater influence the formation of uranium deposits in South Australia?
Thermohaline Circulation in the Oceans
What causes the semi-annual mesospheric meteoric potassium variability?
What is the geochemical origin of carbon dioxide with the &#39;white smokers&#39; of the Champagne Vent?
What sort of climate zones would be present if Earth was tilted like Uranus?
How would weather change on a tidally-locked terrestrial planet?
Why did people draw so many continuous squares in the sand on the beach at Cape Juby?
Why is there a seasonal cycle to the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere?
What are the tallest hydrothermal vents in the world?
Why do greenhouse gases affect ocean temp so much?
What causes the &#39;calm before the storm&#39;?
How will climate change affect the extent of the Sahara Desert?
How is equilibrium of 21% of oxygen in atmosphere established?
Why does Australia have extensive uranium ore deposits?
Why do Volcanoes give out so much Sulphur Dioxide and Carbon Dioxide?
Was volcanic activity more prevalent when the dinosaurs roamed?
Why does Volcano Lightning occur?
What ozone depleting chemicals can salt produce?
The differences in gases produced by asteroids impacting crystalline and sedimentary rocks
Did Jupiter really make Earth (in)habitable?
Software for sediment transport modeling
Did an impact crater cause the formation of the gas fields in north eastern South Australia
How do we convert the seismic trace wavelet to zero phase which is in mixed phase?
Can The UK Be Powered Practically By 100% Renewables?
When calculating flood recurrence intervals, do you use annual instantaneous peak flows?
What was the first rock in the rock cycle?
How to determine the number of bytes in the SEGD Revision 1 interblock gap
Sea Surface Height Data
Rock Cycle Recreation
Vortices in the Atmosphere Sustained only by PGF
Minimum sea-level pressure and maximum wind speed intensity relationship in Hurricane Katrina (2005)
Does bathymetry affect ocean topography/height?
Would life on Earth survive without the Sun?
Cell Size of Salt Pan Tessellations
Paleontology science fair ideas?
Why do most opal deposits occur in Australia?
What causes the different colours of the salt pits in the Saloum Delta in Senegal
About meddies: what are they? How do they form? How are they maintained?
Placement of crustal thickness estimation from 1D inversion of surface wave dispersion curves
How do I find the volume of ocean between any two layers of ocean depth?
What is the appropriate vertical datum to use globally?
How to interpret hourly precipitation forecast?
Optimized interpolation method with fixed-location sample data points?
What causes the entrainment of atmospheric gases towards a volcanic ash/tephra plume?
Locating Missing Airplanes using Remote-Sensing Satellites
The spiraling cyclone track - Cyclone Nathan
Has a reduction in car use ever had an effect on the ozone layer?
How to determine if this fault is normal, sinistral?
What started the Dust Bowl, and could it happen again?
Underwater rock conduit
Is there a standard definition of a &quot;dry-down&quot; event in hydrology?
What type of sparking stone could this be?
Why is phase rotation needed to produce the colored inversion operator?
Why can Thomsen&#39;s parameter $\epsilon$ be negative in VTI media?
What is a Geophysical Model Function (GMF)?
Characterizing earthquakes using accelerometer data
Why do we recycle paper?
What are Horton&#39;s laws?
Is Iceland really an example of a hot-spot overlying a mantle plume?
What are some of the strongest theories against the existence of mantle plumes?
How do mantle plumes travel from the core of Earth to the crust?
Incised valleys and hydrocarbon potential
What is the distance between 2 cities?
Sources of $\ce{CO_2}$ during Carboniferous period
Climate zone classification using the Holdridge method
Ratio between heat transfer coefficient and thermal conductivity
Why does sea level correspond to boundary between oceanic and continental crust?
Where can I find solar radiation data for specific land areas?
Does within-canopy wind direction correlate with wind above the planetary bounday layer?
What is the difference between roughness length and zero plane displacement?
Using sodium chloride load as a point source pollutant variable in SWAT model?
What type of clouds are these?
Climate on an Earth without an Axial Tilt
What is the life-cycle of agricultural water used to grow crops/animals?
Why are oceanic plates denser than continental plates?
Why does Aragonite form in one case and an acetate in another?
What would happen if we removed Earth&#39;s moon?
Dependence of solar irradiation through the atmosphere on Sun&#39;s altitude
Does volcanic activity fluctuate?
Deciphering NCDC data
How reliable were early measurements of palaeomagnetic directions?
The Role of the Antarctic Circumpolar Vortex &amp; Ocean Current in Keeping Antarctica Frozen
Is it possible to see Auroras from the equatorial region?
What will happen to me if I touch the aurora?
How does Antarctica stay frozen?
CDL File Questions
What is the earliest tropical cyclone in record?
Why does phosphate rock contain uranium?
What, if any, paleoclimate data can be derived from igneous rocks?
(How long) would Earth&#39;s atmosphere last without a global magnetic field?
Did a crater cause the break up of Gondwanaland &amp; separate Australia from Antarctica
Has the number of natural disasters per year increased significantly in the years since human-caused climate change started?
vegetation types and their required or suitable climate condition
What would the equilibrium temperature be at the poles in a world without seasonality?
Why does part of the P-wave convert into a S-wave with an increase of incidence angle?
A faster way to measure the rock magnetic S-ratio?
Earth ocean basins
Is there anywhere on Earth *without* a rain shadow where we would otherwise expect one?
How has and how does the lithosphere affect climate change?
How can we guess the size of the Earth&#39;s inner core(and what it&#39;s made of)?
Did an impact crater influence the formation of uranium deposits in South Australia?
Thermohaline Circulation in the Oceans
What causes the semi-annual mesospheric meteoric potassium variability?
What is the geochemical origin of carbon dioxide with the &#39;white smokers&#39; of the Champagne Vent?
What sort of climate zones would be present if Earth was tilted like Uranus?
How would weather change on a tidally-locked terrestrial planet?
Why did people draw so many continuous squares in the sand on the beach at Cape Juby?
Why is there a seasonal cycle to the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere?
What are the tallest hydrothermal vents in the world?
Why do greenhouse gases affect ocean temp so much?
What causes the &#39;calm before the storm&#39;?
How will climate change affect the extent of the Sahara Desert?
How is equilibrium of 21% of oxygen in atmosphere established?
Why does Australia have extensive uranium ore deposits?
Why do Volcanoes give out so much Sulphur Dioxide and Carbon Dioxide?
Was volcanic activity more prevalent when the dinosaurs roamed?
Why does Volcano Lightning occur?
What ozone depleting chemicals can salt produce?
The differences in gases produced by asteroids impacting crystalline and sedimentary rocks
Did Jupiter really make Earth (in)habitable?
Software for sediment transport modeling
Did an impact crater cause the formation of the gas fields in north eastern South Australia
How do we convert the seismic trace wavelet to zero phase which is in mixed phase?
Can The UK Be Powered Practically By 100% Renewables?
When calculating flood recurrence intervals, do you use annual instantaneous peak flows?
What was the first rock in the rock cycle?
How to determine the number of bytes in the SEGD Revision 1 interblock gap
Sea Surface Height Data
Rock Cycle Recreation
Vortices in the Atmosphere Sustained only by PGF
Minimum sea-level pressure and maximum wind speed intensity relationship in Hurricane Katrina (2005)
Does bathymetry affect ocean topography/height?
Would life on Earth survive without the Sun?
Cell Size of Salt Pan Tessellations
Paleontology science fair ideas?
Why do most opal deposits occur in Australia?
What causes the different colours of the salt pits in the Saloum Delta in Senegal
About meddies: what are they? How do they form? How are they maintained?
Placement of crustal thickness estimation from 1D inversion of surface wave dispersion curves
How do I find the volume of ocean between any two layers of ocean depth?
What is the appropriate vertical datum to use globally?
How to interpret hourly precipitation forecast?
Optimized interpolation method with fixed-location sample data points?
What causes the entrainment of atmospheric gases towards a volcanic ash/tephra plume?
Locating Missing Airplanes using Remote-Sensing Satellites
The spiraling cyclone track - Cyclone Nathan
Has a reduction in car use ever had an effect on the ozone layer?
How to determine if this fault is normal, sinistral?
What started the Dust Bowl, and could it happen again?
Underwater rock conduit
Is there a standard definition of a &quot;dry-down&quot; event in hydrology?
What type of sparking stone could this be?
Why is phase rotation needed to produce the colored inversion operator?
Why can Thomsen&#39;s parameter $\epsilon$ be negative in VTI media?
What is a Geophysical Model Function (GMF)?
What impact on climate did 2011 earthquake and tsunami have?
Magma resultant from group 1 and group 2 elements?
How do I prepare for the International Earth Science Olympiad?
Is wave spectrum always positive and why?
Is there a correlation between hot springs and earthquakes?
How to compute the earthquake occurrence probability under ETAS model
What caused a measurable patch of Mt. St. Helens&#39; ash to be deposited across Oklahoma?
Why is March colder than September in Northern Hemisphere?
Water veins underground causing health problems
How do weather models work?
How does the Sun heat the Earth?
Source of water for the Great Artesian Basin in Australia
Predicting school closures with historical weather prediction data?
Why don&#39;t scientists use fire entry suits to study volcanoes?
When will the Final Ice Age happen?
Why is seawater saline?
How important is Sahara dust for the Amazon?
Why does lightning strike from the ground-up?
Change in weight since the time of the dinosaurs
How are the banded-iron-formation iron-ores formed?
How to measure the cycles of earth moving/rotation?
Do different lavas have different volcanic volatiles associated with them?
Weak flashes of light in the sky
What was the Amazon like during Green Sahara?
What causes &#39;positive&#39; lightning to be rarer, higher charged, and longer lasting than &#39;negative&#39; lightning?
What caused the high temperatures that resulted in the Cretaceous aged komatiite lavas of Gorgona Island, Colombia?
The different types of plagioclase
Why does Earth have abundant oxygen in the atmosphere?
Does the Great Pacific Garbage Patch increase sedimentation rates over the patch?
Why do the Siberian methane craters have smooth vertical walls?
Where can obsidian be found?
Why would volcano eruption cause cardiac arrest?
What are these lake-like blue patches in the desert, visible in satellite image?
What causes these banded clouds?
Fine particulate matter - Why the lack of attention? What can be done to tackle it?
Why do gold deposits form only in certain areas of the earth?
Why deep ocean didn&#39;t freeze during snowball Earth?
Are the processes of the rock cycle currently in dynamic equilibrium?
How does a meandering river form?
Two severe cyclones connected by a monsoonal trough
Why do some planets have lots of $\mathrm{N_2}$ and others none?
What is the status of meteorological data exchange standards?
Current consensus on the Messinian Salinity Crisis
How does the meridional overturning circulation affect sedimentation rates in the North Atlantic?
Why are there no hurricanes in the southern Atlantic basin?
Why was the initial theory of plate tectonics so controversial?
Is a San Andreas volcano possible?
Relationship between atmospheric density and atmospheric pressure?
How much has the total transport of the Antarctic Circumpolar Current changed over time?
What would be the first thing which will render the Earth uninhabitable?
Why do tropical cyclones around Australia have erratic paths?
What atmospheric radiative effects, if any, do contrails cause?
Climatology of the Indian Summer Monsoon - A modern consensus
What caused a fall in atmospheric oxygen about 1.9 billion years ago?
Ice Coverage on the Laurentian Great Lakes
What is the area with the largest velocity vertical shear in the ocean?
Will the Southern Ocean act as a net source or sink for atmospheric $\ce{CO2}$ in the future?
Sand on the beaches of Kanyakumari, India
How can the average coldest day of the year be before the winter solstice?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core made of an iron-nickel alloy?
Academic but accessible defense of the scientific understanding of anthropogenic climate change?
Converting glacier volume to mass: what ice density to use?
Numerical weather forecasting - resources for a programmer?
Distance to epicenter vs distance to focus
How to get cell indices from latitude and longitude in WRF model grids?
Are there any geological periods found on top of each other that have dinosaurs of that period with in them?
What reflects UV radiation more: stratus clouds or cumulus clouds?
converting SU file to ASCII format in seismic unix using OpenSeaSeis
The climatological variance of albedo, soil moisture in weather models
What geological processes would &#39;restart&#39; subduction processes?
What is the oldest sediment?
Predicting volcanic eruptions by experimentally proven volatile outgassing observations
How and why do these tree-like river structures form?
How did sand dunes appear in the midst of a fertile region?
TRMM rainfall measurement for synoptic systems
During the &quot;Ice Ages&quot; or &quot;Snowball Earth&quot; times, where was all the energy?
Is there a name for this type of ice crystal?
What does geochemical data tell us about Earth&#39;s earliest palaeoclimatic conditions?
Is there a difference between rock and stone?
Database of geological group or formation exposures?
Minimum flow duration curves
Does earth&#39;s size affect the temperature of the poles?
What is the origin of the Laacher See caldera magma in Germany?
What is this strange feature on Mars in Valles Marineris
Which places on Earth would be affected the least by severe climate change?
Does the Strength of Earth&#39;s Magnetic Field Influence Climate?
How are critical loads of nitrogen deposition on eco-regions determined?
Why Vp/Vs and not Vs/Vp?
How Mauna Loa $\ce{CO2}$ monthly trends are computed?
How do Kelvin waves determine surface temperature variations?
Bulk and dynamic viscosity in the atmosphere
Is it possible for rivers to freeze completely and stop flowing?
How was the Earth formed?
Earthquake probabilities
Canadian equivalent to AMLIS database?
What is the geochemical source for the helium detected in deep Arctic explosive eruptions?
Shallow water height as vertical coordinate
Mega-tsunami, what is the greatest possible height of a tsunami?
How much of earth&#39;s molecular oxygen in the atmosphere is due to plants?
Average Aragonite:Calcite ratio in biogenic CaCO3 in the oceans
What is the mechanism for deep-sea volcanism of the Gakkel Ridge in the Arctic?
What are the advantages in looking at an OLR map versus looking at IR satellite imagery?
Why is there a bend in the Lomonosov Ridge?
Will global climate change alter the interannual and/or intraseasonal variance of temperature and/or precipitation?
What is the tectonic explanation for parallel ridges in the Arctic Ocean?
Calculating the displacement of a fault
Does temperature affect partial pressure of gas dissolved in water?
How do we use oxygen isotopes as temperature proxy?
What tools allow a quick comparison of NetCDF output from ocean models?
Does the gravitational pull of the moon affect the composition of Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Fictional Land - How can I keep dense fog in an area for half a day?
Where does the water from rain in rain forests come from?
Sudden Localized Surface Water Temperature Increase In Eastern Lake Superior, Canada
Negative values of relative humidity in CFSR
Is earthquake prediction possible?
Why does the Inter tropical Convergence Zone shift?
What is the name of this feature on the Red Sea coast of Saudi Arabia?
What type of storm cloud is this?
How has river to ocean flux changed over the last 500 million years?
Is it possible for a natural fluorescent mineral to glow from the sun&#39;s rays?
Which theory is stronger, that iron came from outside or was formed within earth?
Is there an estimate for the length of the American Cordillera?
Does vegetation contribute to long-term carbon sequestration?
Acidity of rock
How important is understanding linear algebra in groundwater modeling?
How will increased $\ce{CO2}$ affect forests and other vegetative areas?
Do other terrestrial planets have &quot;earthquakes&quot;?
About Earthquakes and their properties
Deuterium-less oceans
Is Antarctic sea ice at record levels?
Nuclear testing and the Anthropocene, a chemostratigraphic link?
Is there a database of global rainfall time series?
NASA GLAS Lidar Data Format
Active rifting in Antarctica?
Is there conclusive evidence for the Antarctic Circumpolar Current developing after the glaciation of Antarctica?
How much would the Greenland landmass isostatic rebound contribute to long term climate change?
Is it possible for a sting jet to form over a continental landmass?
What are the applications of hydrostatic solvers vs non-hydrostatic solvers in numerical weather prediction?
How strong can a glacial icequake get?
Is it possible to create an enclosed manmade weather system?
Snow from Fire: Could graupel, or even snow, fall from pyrocumulus clouds?
The relationship between specific discharge and flux
Similarities between grand circulation solvers and mantle convection solvers
How isotropic is the Earth&#39;s inner core boundary?
Why does El Ni&#241;o enhance the jet stream?
What factors affect the size of rain shadows?
Where does the symmetry of cloudy bands come from?
How significant is a 5-10 mb drop in pressure over a 20 minute period?
Can climate models reliably predict meteorological extremes?
What is the methodology to analyze future climatic extremes using the results of climate models?
Pressure as a function of altitude above 11 km
About moving ice bergs northwards to slow down all the melting a tiny bit. ( Clearing away navigation hazards is a side effect of this.)
Are Richter-magnitude 10 earthquakes possible?
Stability correction factor in the Wavewatch III wave model
Alpine schistosity
What is the lowest latitude at which snow has been recorded at sea level?
What are the criteria that make a planet (in)habitable?
What geophysical knowledge have we learned by the construction of IceCube?
Is there any consensus of what caused the Lusi Mud Volcano eruptions in Indonesia?
Dry atmospheric temperature profile (dry adiabatic vs. isothermal)
How would an icicle &quot;grow&quot; upwards?
Are cloudy night warmer than nights without clouds?
About the effectiveness of sand-bags
How stable is the Gulf Stream? Could it stop suddenly?
Should total ground heat flux be 0?
Is there value in using a model that fails at validation against measurements?
What is Geoalchemy?
How much do anthropogenic carbon aerosols (soot) affect the atmospheric radiation budget?
How to Calculate the Equilibrum Function for use in Tide Calculations using Harmonic Constituents
Differences between hydrothermal vents on Earth and Europa
How does a &#39;fire tornado&#39; form?
Is Mars&#39; mantle homogeneous or heterogeneous and what might this say about mantle convection?
What is the age of the Gamburtsev Mountains?
Is it true that distance between earth and sun is closer in winter season (January) and farther in summer season in the Northern Hemisphere?
Width of strata in stratigraphic column
Why is my ♦ hammer (i.e. diamond) so durable, but it can burn?
Where does the lithium in Salar de Uyuni comes from?
Did global warming cause the extreme cold 2013-14 winter in North America?
What is the long term impact of large scale removal of material from subterraneal caches on the structural integrity of the soil?
Is the temperature (even a bit) warmer in a forest?
What does the absence of passive margins between 1740-1600 million years ago tell us about the tectonic environment at that time?
Pyroclastic flow protection
When did/will peak conventional oil happen?
What are monsoons caused by?
Color of ocean waters and Ekman pumping - what is the connection?
Intuitive explanation of precipitation amount
Oceanic-atmospheric coupling between the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean basins
Noctilucent clouds and anthropogenic climate change
How deep is the permafrost in the Antarctic?
Strangely bright morning twilight over Switzerland
Statistical weather prediction
What precursor geological activity occurred prior to the Par&#237;cutin Volcano eruption in 1943?
Is it theoretically possible to artificially create amber?
What evidence is there for geological mechanisms that formed the Siberian traps flood basalt?
Relation between direction of shear and cyclone formation
What is the predictability of El Ni&#241;o/La Ni&#241;a?
How do perennial rivers in high alpine areas maintain year round flows?
What&#39;s the partition coefficient (D) of Nb for apatite?
Regarding various types of atmospheric pollution
Extent of the Persian Gulf
What is the tectonic setting for the formation of the Great Dividing Range in Australia?
What type of rock is this?
How much does the Meridional Overturning Current strengthen the Gulf Stream?
&#39;Peak water&#39; in the Ogallala Aquifer, USA?
Find increase in global equilibrium temperature
Freshwater changes in time?
Ore deposits buried under cities?
How does anthropogenic heating affect global warming?
What are the differences between implicit and explicit methods when applied to modelling Earth systems?
Could earth&#39;s core lose its heat?
Why is colder seawater more compressible?
Why does the colour of amethyst fade if exposed to too much light?
How are &#39;Morning Glory&#39; clouds maintained?
What are the high field strength and large ion lithophile (HFS or HFSE &amp; LIL or LILE) elements?
What type of cloud formation is this?
Forecasting oceanic rogue waves
Why does the El Ni&#241;o Stop?
Does the meridional overturning circulation slow down the temperature increase from global warming?
Would it be geographically feasible to store water on land to counteract sea level rise?
How would plate tectonics differ if Earth had no water?
Where can we see the noctilucent clouds?
What rocks are these?
Are there locations on earth that only have one season?
Does El Ni&#241;o increase the amount of heat that escapes into space, or does it increase the amount of heat trapped on Earth?
How was the atmospheric/oceanic circulation different prior to the formation of the Isthmus of Panama?
How does El Ni&#241;o affect thunderstorm/tornado/CAPE activity in the central United States?
Why is the warm phase of the Pacific Decadal Oscillation associated with stronger El Ninos?
What is El Ni&#241;o Modoki?
What can we learn by studying lunar atmospheric tides?
How have levels of outgoing longwave and incoming shortwave radiation changed over the last 20-30 years?
Are El Ni&#241;os stronger when there is a longer gap from the last El Ni&#241;o?
Relation of El Ni&#241;o to Monsoons
What efforts have been made to separate the microseismic events related to wind-related ocean waves from the components of volcanic origin?
Is the number of high/low pressure regions different at low pressure levels at high pressure levels?
What do the derivative or the integral of amplitude of a seismogram mean?
Is it feasible to use depleted oil wells for geothermal production?
Can impact events cause widespread volcanic activity on the other side of the planet?
Is the Cameroon Line still an active rift zone?
How much of the underwater land masses within the arctic ocean is considered continental shelf?
What is the difference between eluvium and alluvium
How many trees would I have to plant to solve Global Warming?
Why is ocean surface velocity around 3% of wind velocity?
Where can I obtain ocean wave data of the Southeast Asian region?
Release mechanism for methane clathrate at the PETM
How does one create petroleum/crude oil for future generations?
How to find the distance from the epicenter?
To stop anthropogenic climate change, is it necessary to stop extracting petroleum and start pumping carbon under ground?
What are the non-anthropogenic causes of The Netherlands&#39; low elevation?
What amount of permafrost carbon release could be expected with the IPCC worse-prediction of a 4.8C temperature rise?
How much methane clathrates are buried in continental deposits?
Understanding the Mercator Projection
What is the origin of the dominant atmospheric nitrogen content in Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
LWC and Absolute Humidity
What&#39;s with this anomaly in this sounding (the CAPE and CIN readings)?
Temporal Resolution of Seismic data
Why is the concept of &quot;mass extinction&quot; a relatively recent development in geology?
At what point does plate tectonics stop?
How are spherulitic structures formed in basalt rock?
What do the researchers in Antarctica wear if they must go outside during winter?
Is the color of the sky the same everywhere on earth?
Are there any uncharted waters left on earth?
A parcel of air in an isothermal layer
What is the meaning of -999 degrees Celsius?
What is the definition of a continent?
What is the age of the earliest traces of life on Earth?
What is the importance of mixing caused by outgassing in the ocean?
Per capita $\ce{CO2}$ emissions
What tectonic structures exist on the Eurasian - North American plate boundary in eastern Siberia?
Why are alkali basalts found at rifting centres and on top of &#39;plumes&#39;, whereas MORBs are generally tholeiitic?
Significant difference between averaged wind speeds and averaged wind power density, for wind generation modelling?
What makes the conditions at the core/mantle boundary ideal for aluminum to combine with other elements besides oxygen?
Potential explanations of Red Sea crossing
Regarding the melting glaciers and icebergs, why isn&#39;t the extra water vapor in the atmosphere mentioned in discussions of global warming?
Looking at ocean depth/latitude profiles of dissolved oxygen and nitrate. Why is dissolved oxygen low when nitrate is high?
Lake inflow-outflow problem
What tectonic structures delineate the split between the Australian and Indian tectonic plates?
Why is aerodynamic resistance defined inversely?
How much have global GPP and biomass changed over Earth&#39;s history?
Why is q used for specific humidity?
Are there any high-resolution urban CO2 concentration data sets?
Can Venus be considered to be tectonically active?
Where did the energy released due to gravitational binding energy of the Earth go?
Naming convention for sea ice thickness per unit area of ice or ocean
Why is Sacramento so warm for its latitude?
To what extent is hydroelectric power really renewable?
Does the heating of the oceans due to greenhouse effect negate the acidification due to increased CO2 levels?
What caused the bend in the Emperor/Hawaii chain of islands, 45 million years ago?
How did helium deposits form?
Why won&#39;t Yellowstone explode?
Will dust storms be more frequent in the future?
What is the origin of the ocean&#39;s salt?
Olympus Mons sized volcano on Earth?
Ozone gas (O₃) endurance in the atmosphere
Why aren&#39;t there more questions and concerns about chemtrails?
How many joules are required to mine a unit of coal?
Farthest point from the center of the Earth
What lithologies are deemed most suitable for the storage of nuclear waste
What temperature do small meteorites have on impact
How are Earth&#39;s rotational changes due to large earthquakes calculated?
What is the difference between an inertial instability and a symmetric instability?
What are the mechanisms maintaining the Dune of Pilat?
What fraction of dry land is below sea level
Does the climate have any effect on plate tectonics?
Hypotheses about Silurian carbon isotope excursions?
Is angular momentum preserved in a gastropod fossil?
Is there such a thing as a &quot;basalt dike&quot;?
What would it take to confirm or refute the Snowball Earth Hypothesis?
Calculating Monthly Accumulation value of the Clearness Index KT
The river or the hills; which came first?
Why is the lithostatic pressure gradient 1 psi/ft? How is it derived from density?
What factors determine the number of Hadley cells for a planet?
How are Richter magnitudes of past earthquakes estimated?
Weight vs. Mass of Clouds
Historical atmospheric partial pressure &amp; Henry&#39;s law constant
Meaning of the C in the unit &quot;mg C L-1&quot;
Synoptic weather predictibility under climate change scenarios
Does the time-lagged correlation between $\ce{CO2}$ and ocean temperature have a shorter timelag than the one between $\ce{CO2}$ and air temperature?
What is the time-lagged correlation between historical $\ce{CO2}$ records from ice cores and global temperature records?
What is the name for a ABC hcp lattice that is squeezed along the direction vertical to the ABC planes?
Equation for predicting contrail formation
What are the physical upper bounds on the magnitude of an earthquake?
How and where do double-terminated crystals form?
Why does the earth spin clockwise?
What, if any, paleoclimate data can be derived from stromatolite fossils?
From where do weather radar maps get their data?
Are there any photographs of mountains without significant erosion (on Earth or otherwise)
Why does air seem to affect local surface temperatures so much?
Effect on sea level if the Earth stopped rotating
What is the primary cause of the &quot;Norwester&quot; winds that affect parts of India &amp; Bangladesh?
Is there conclusive evidence to refute an earlier oxygenation of the Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Have there been any attempts to measure profiles through deep convective systems using dropsondes?
How does radiogenic argon-40 get into the atmosphere?
Why would magma have high amounts of nickel and chromium?
Carbon Dioxide levels appear to be linked to the Milankovitch cycles according to Ice Core data but what is the mechanism?
What is the steepest surface that can hold snow?
Permeability of well screen as a limitation to a slug-in test
How to reduce the atmospheric temperature artificially?
What are rare earths and why do they cluster near alkaline magmatism?
Who originated Taylor&#39;s axiom of lunar formation, and where?
How do climatologists define the &quot;start&quot; of a rainy season in a unimodal monsoonal climate?
What is the mechanism behind changes in oxidation state (of iron, for example) as magma rises?
How does the composition of volcanic rock change as it makes its ascent towards the surface?
Glaciology: odd pattern of smooth and ribbed chunks of ice in Antartica
What are the differences between an LES-SGS model and a RANS based turbulence model?
Was the Southern Hemisphere cooler during the Younger Dryas?
Relationship between illuminance and cloud cover
What caused the Younger Dryas cold event?
Can earthquakes contribute to Antarctic ice loss?
What does the term &quot;Snow Interval&quot; mean?
Is there any explanation for the large amount of sea ice around Antarctica in 2014?
In what geological situations can I find gold?
How global was the Bonarelli Oceanic Anoxic Event?
How to calculate flow duration curve for a set of 12 year data?
Have meteorites been found in the oldest sedimentary rocks?
What is the force imposed by underwater currents?
What is responsible for the underwater waterfall illusion of Mauritius Island?
Why does the shoreline sometimes recede prior to a Tsunami?
Coriolis effect and Cyclones
Pressure as a function of altitude
What geological events could cause a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) level 9 eruption?
What sort of instruments do planetary geologists use to predict that there are oceans on the moons Titan and Europa?
What are the tectonic implications of the Quaternary Igwisi Hills, Tanzania, kimberlite volcanics?
What are the differences between geology, petrology, and lithology?
What is it about ancient craton geology that results in associated kimberlite pipes containing economic diamond deposits?
Could Earth have had a greater axial tilt?
What determines the spectrum of high and low frequency waves emitted by an earthquake?
Is there evidence to delineate where a southern extension of the East African Rift &#39;plate boundary&#39; is developing?
How are paleomagnetic polarities determined?
What factors determine the height of the turbopause?
Why do felsic materials have lower melting points than mafic?
Why does the &quot;Ring of Fire&quot; pretty much define &quot;Pacific Rim&quot;
Why don&#39;t cold fronts and other steep-gradient weather effects just dissipate?
How will climate change affect the entropy budget of the atmosphere?
Why is heavy precipitation from atmospheric rivers more likely to hit the West Coasts than the East Coasts?
How were we able to measure carbon dioxide levels in earlier climates?
How will climate change affect the total kinetic energy in the atmosphere?
How will climate change affect the 3D distribution of lapse rate in the atmosphere?
How does the pole-to-equator temperature gradient scale with height contours?
Are certain isobar temperatures higher in mountainous regions?
How much of a mountain is below the surface?
Why is there so much oil in Saudi Arabia, Venezuela and Canada, but almost none in Europe?
Help determining virtual geomagnetic pole
Can the overuse of geothermal energy become an environmental concern?
Is ground level ozone dangerous to human health when other pollutants are not present, for example, at high altitudes?
Alternative WMS servers for GOES-East satellite imagery
Did a gamma ray burst contribute to the Ordovician mass extinction?
Determining the paleoelevation of mountain ranges
What is the reason why there are radiosonde measurements in the atmosphere?
Is the Principle of Fossil Succession accurate?
What is limestone made of?
Will a volcano erupt in Australia soon?
What visual wave behaviour help to tell if a tide is going in or out?
Are the &quot;polar vortex&quot; and &quot;cut-off lows&quot; over/near the Great Lakes new phenomena?
Laboratory simulation of the Earth&#39;s magnetic field
&#39;Late Veneer&#39; on other planets
Is there geological evidence that the moon once collided with the Earth?
Why is Arizona the fastest-warming state in the U.S. (since 1970)?
Horizon letter for bedrock
viable geothermal energy supply from exhausted fracked gas wells?
How do we know the asteroids formed at the same time as earth?
Why does seismic activity shed light on the inner core rigidity?
Why do crystals, like quartz and diamonds, form in different colors?
Regarding the theory of the origin of water on Earth through meteorites, why wouldn&#39;t the water evaporate on impact?
Were dinosaurs with feathers common?
Interpreting some hydropower data. What does DSF mean in this context?
Has an entire plate ever subducted?
Why are most peninsulas oriented north-south?
Where to find an accurate Mercator Projection world image?
What geological mechanisms result in the great depth of the Mariana Trench?
Is everything affecting everything on Earth?
Is there another explanation than an asteroid/volcano for the extinction event on Earth millions of years ago?
What happens to global temperature when we stop all the vehicles for a year?
What geologic features could this video game environment be modeled from, and how do they form?
How long until Earth&#39;s core solidifies?
Would the Earth function the same spinning the other way?
Golden and red colored light even after sunset
What would be the temperature of earth if there was no atmosphere?
Why is earth&#39;s axis tilted?
Why is Earth&#39;s age given by dating meteorites rather than its own rocks?
Is the Principle of Original Horizontality a good indicator?
Do normal modes of oscillation cause permanent deformation?
Why are there more intense earthquakes in Iran than in Iraq?
How much oil is created each year?
Estimating the permeability tensor of an oil field by remote sensing
Does the long-term ice-core temperature record provide reasonable evidence that the current temperature trend is not anthropogenic?
What does groundwater consist of?
What were the tallest mountain ranges in Earth&#39;s geological past?
What would happen if we could revert $\mathrm{CO}_2$ production but took it too far?
Why would there be no hydrocarbons in the Sveconorwegian belt?
Why does Coriolis determine the rotation direction of a cyclone but not my drain?
Exhumation of blueschist
How can scientists be confident of isotope ratios in past eras and varied locations, used for radiometric dating?
How old is Casiquiare canal?
Monsoonal interactions with mid latitude disturbances
How to determine that sustained wind speed exceeded the threshold value?
Resources for learning the technical parts of atmospheric modeling
Biogenic origin of authigenic zeolites
Why are minerals found in &quot;large&quot; quantities and not scattered throughout the earth as individual atoms?
What causes waves to form the characteristic &quot;breaking&quot; shape as they approach the shoreline?
Do tornadoes have eyes?
How do archaeologists address time dilation when analyzing carbon dating results?
Determine Latitude and Longitude without a GPS
Is there any simple way of using the Coriolis effect to determine what hemisphere you are in?
How is carbon distributed among the atmosphere, the oceans, the biomass and the unburnt fossil fuels?
Are there any metal anomalies other than iridium in the K-Pg boundary?
Where can I find a table of ocean temperature pressure and depth
Can concretions form in non-sedimentary rocks?
Why does a subduction zone produce a serpentinization diapir rather than volcanism?
How is global weather model skill measured?
What are the formula weight and gram-formula unit (gfu)?
Turbidity/clarity vs optical depth
Pressure of condensation of an air parcel
Can we really travel through earth&#39;s core?
Measuring bed dip angle from contour lines, which lines to pick?
What geological processes affect the speed of Kilauea, Hawaiian lava flows?
Would it be wise to monitor real time human activity to anticipate earthquakes?
What evidence is there linking melting ice caps and changes in tectonic movement?
How to calculate relative humidity?
If 75% of radioactive material remains, how many half-lives have elapsed?
How do urban areas affect rain?
What are the causes of lower UV radiation at lower elevations?
How can I find a large petrology dataset?
What determines how fast clouds move?
How do seismologists locate the epicenter and focus of an earthquake?
What properties must a rocky body possess in order to exhibit the magnetic dynamo?
Obtaining hourly weather data, including direct and diffuse insolation
Why is Montana warmer than Wyoming?
Successful Earthquake predictions
What is hydraulic diffusivity?
What are the geological mechanisms for sea floor spreading in the Bismarck Sea?
How do hybrid cars reduce carbon emissions (wouldn&#39;t they just transfer fuel emissions to electricity consumption?)
How do you use the streckeisen (QAPF) classification ternary diagram to identify igneous rocks based on chemical rock composition?
Break in human nitrogen input in 1990s
Standardized scale for coastline length or mapping in general?
What are these &quot;ship wrecks&quot; (pictured) in the old volcano crater?
What is the total Earth&#39;s interior energy budget?
Is the Younger Dryas associated with an extinction event?
Could the extraction of energy by wind turbines be harmful to the environment?
How do I interpret the specs of a weather balloon?
Iowa State GOES Visible Data - misaligned EPSG:4326
Equatorial Bulge and Tectonic Plates
Why is there a line of volcanoes along the northwest coast of North America?
What causes intra-plate faults, such as the New Madrid fault?
Why do tectonic plates have a tendency to drift closer to the equator?
Is it known what determines the rate with which plate tectonics occur?
What properties must a rocky body possess in order to exhibit plate tectonics?
What would the precursors to a repeated Lake Toba super eruption?
How can odor travel be tracked
How much silicon is in the Earth&#39;s core, and how did it get there?
Correlating the Caledonian and Appalachian Orogenies
To what accuracy and precision do we know the volume of the Earth?
Sea breeze - magnitude of horizontal pressure gradient?
How good were climate models of the 1990s at predicting the global temperature trends of the 2000s/2010s?
Geomorphology of Mountains With Wind only Erosion
How do you calculate the depth of penetration in a Schlumberger array?
Resources to determine temperature probability for a given location on a given date
Given the well known effects of the inverse turbulence cascade for 2D flow, does it make sense to use grid resolutions that resolve turbulence?
What tectonic mechanisms cause the North and South Islands of New Zealand to be so geologically different?
What causes &quot;shallow&quot; moonquakes?
Barite and Acantharians
What is a typical value of the P&#233;clet number for internal waves?
What are the factors that dictate a given topology for seismometer placement around a volcano?
Equinoxes and solstices: start of the season or mid-season?
Odd structures in 66 year NCEP daily temperature reanalysis
How long does it take for the ocean conveyor to circulate?
What does it mean for waves to &quot;feel&quot; the bottom?
Is it possible to forecast ocean salinity 100 years into the future?
How accurately can explosions be triangulated from the IRIS seismogram data?
How is ocean heat content measured?
What is this Cape Breton rock?
coriolis force in atmospheric/ocean modeling
Is Atlanta too far inland and too far above sea level to be affected by the comet in &quot;Deep Impact&quot;?
What happens to sea level when a ship sinks?
How long does one touch on a stalagmite/stalactite lasts?
Are there secondary causes of sea level change?
Where and how can seismic data for earthquakes and volcanoes be downloaded?
Paleogene transantarctic seaway
Peak phosphorus - what are the sinks?
Use of Neodymium in Paleoceanography
Great Lakes - cookie cutter clouds
What kind of coal did I find?
How can I identify this rock?
What is this rock?
Regarding forest fire season and using robotic devices for proactive efforts before any fires
How much energy is needed to alter the path of a hurricane?
GOES Visible Channel - asymmetry between morning and afternoon
How many percent of volcanoes are glaciated?
How is heat transferred from the core through the mantle to the crust?
Why are alpine river water green - blue?
How long does it take to form amber?
Princples of process (systems) based modeling
Slope of Saturation vapor pressure versus temperature-A parameter in Penman&#39;s equation
How can the following equations for meandering rivers be theoretically obtained?
How much fossil fuel came from the Carboniferous?
Is the atmosphere becoming thicker?
How was the Marinoan Glaciation triggered?
Hypothetically, what would happen to the earth if a large hole was drilled through the center?
What&#39;s the contribution of different types of river sources?
What happens to the higher frequency content of the tremors associated with a volcanic eruption?
How did this rock dome (pictured) form?
Zeolites, odor control, and the witchcraft of sunlight
Does Contwoyto Lake empty into both Bathurst Inlet and Chantrey Inlet?
What is the difference between a geologist and a geophysicist?
Paleogeographic atlas software
How could humans alter storm intensity or direction other than cloud seeding?
Why is a layer of the subsoil so dark on this construction site?
Impossible or improbable? Hurricane crossing the equator
Why are titanium oxides lumped in with magnetite for the purposes of analyzing water bubble nucleation?
What are Tetens coefficients?
Are there any general-purpose climate-model coupling projects?
Are there measurement techniques that can help determine the exact geometry of a volcanic vent?
Interpretation of a seismogram (three components)
What are the causes of the supercontinent cycle?
Relation between fault rupture aspect ratio and slip rate?
How much does ocean cover percentage change between glacial periods?
Is the cause of Old Faithful&#39;s bimodal distribution for eruption times straightforward?
How will the rising ocean affect aquatic life?
Why do Euler poles for plate motions not stay fixed in time?
July/August hottest months (northern hemisphere): because of continued warming or other effects?
Epicenter location of the 900-930 A.D.,7.4 Magnitude Seattle Earthquake?
What exactly is wind velocity
How does soil redox potential affect the rate of denitrification?
How are organic walled microfossils preserved in the fossil record?
Generic pedo-transfer functions to compute field capacity and wilting point from sand/silt/clay?
How do I convert specific humidity to relative humidity?
Alternatives to Plant Functional Types as parametrisations in land surface models?
Is there any link between sea-water inflitration into groundwater and nitrate?
Why do rainbows appear to have a fixed structure?
Circum polar regions in Interglacial periods
Probability distribution of fault throw displacement and height limiting mechanisms
What geophysical events can (temporarily) increase the Earth&#39;s rate of rotation?
When can taste be used to help identify rocks?
How to measure stretching direction on chocolate-tablet boudins?
Why does the Northern polar vortex usually have two centers?
How to estimate dispersion in stratified flows
What determines the differences in results between various weather models?
How can you explain this storm phenomenon?
Is there an earth science discipline, or subdiscipline, that only studies magma or lava?
How are the patterns in solid rock born
How does the sand appear on Hawaiian beaches
What is a source of worldwide temperature data that also includes extreme weather?
Why do some places have rain frequently?
Do fluctuations in radioactive isotope decay rates affect carbon dating techniques?
What geological processes can cause local biases in the fossil record?
How is the mass of the Earth determined?
Geometrical differences of subduction zones
How long did it take for Earth&#39;s magnetic field to first appear?
What determines a mineral&#39;s hardness?
North Indian ocean tropical cyclones
Am I observing orographic rainfall?
Is heavier bodies fall faster than lighter ones
Are there significant amounts of rare earth elements on Iceland?
Why is there Uranium in Earth&#39;s Crust?
Formation of limestone without living organisms?
What is the reasoning behind the statement &quot;Faulting will occur along the plane where the shear stress is the highest&quot;?
Interpolating spatial data in contiguous sea areas only
How will climate change affect the latitudinal distribution of precipitation over each latitudinal region?
Temperature as a function of luminosity and greenhouse gas concentrations
What is the name of these crystals?
Will model resolution have an effect on model spin-up time?
Propagation of sound after lightning
How are jet streaks formed?
Why is the eastern Pacific full of stratocumulus clouds, and why do they have so much variation in net radiation?
What would the geology and climate of a supposed landmass near the pole be like, assuming a thoroughly warmer planet?
What can I use as a heatproof, non-magnetic glue for samples?
Is Mount Everest currently getting higher or lower every year?
How is the Rossby Radius used to determine that synoptic weather systems are 1000-2000km across?
What data does a skilled meteorologist look at to predict thunderstorms?
Is soil a renewable resource?
How would a Mars rover identify a microbialite fossil?
Why is there no middle ground between tornadoes and hurricanes?
Why does helium-3 stay in the moon and not escape from it?
How bad is a &quot;bad&quot; oil spill?
Is there a reliable way to identify regions with negatively-correlated winds?
How has the relative ratio of igneous, sedimentary, and metamorphic rocks changed over Earth&#39;s history?
Why is there no High-Resolution Infrared Radiation Sounder (HIRS) on Metop-C?
How to determine how long ago a rock was broken?
How does the amount of mass in an atmosphere affect the seasonal changes and dynamics of the planet&#39;s climate?
Is there a convenient place to get vertical wind shear info for my location?
Are ice-ages dependent on an un-equal distribution of land-masses?
Natural nuclear explosions
Is the urban heat island effect stronger during a particular season or part of the year?
How does the precession of the Earth&#39;s apses affect climate?
Do river fluxes help contribute to long-term carbon sequestration?
Estimate litter production
If there&#39;s acid rain, is there such thing as acid snow?
Are there any studies comparing different climate models on how well they&#39;ve forecasted the climate in the past?
How can I downscale daily values of relative humidity?
What is the &#39;natural variation&#39; in global temperature that many skeptics mention?
Percentage of dry land surface with sea level elevation lower than 1 km
How is the radiative efficiency of a given gas (like a given CFC) analytically calculated?
How do mesoscale eddies in the ocean transport heat between different layers of the ocean?
Does over-cropping large areas really change the amount of rainfall?
If all the sand in the Saharan Desert were to be removed, what would the remaining landscape look like?
What are some proxies for ocean temperatures/heat?
How do tropopause folds form and do they have any impact on synoptic scale weather?
Is there a way to find the direction to land in the middle of an ocean?
Who are the 3% in the often cited &quot;97% of climate scientists&quot;?
Why does Mars&#39; experience an &#39;ice age&#39; at high axis obliquity, when Earth experiences an ice age at low axis obliquity
Determining a rock age using volcanic ash layer
Question about earthquake data attribute codes
Winds in a northern hemisphere hurricane
What are the implications of the recent discovery that huge oceans exist close to the mantle of the Earth?
Are the elements of an averaging kernel matrix always centered on the diagonal, or can they be exclusively off-diagonal in rare cases?
P wave to S wave conversion
How are the thickness of ice sheets from previous glaciation periods determined?
what are the ground motion prediction equations for 3-D ruptures?
Argument for designing an ocean monitoring network based on satellite-derived chlorophyll-a concentration?
Why is the Ring of Fire there?
If it rains harder, does it mean the rain&#39;s duration will be shorter?
Is the epicenter always directly above the hypocenter?
What is a fault?
Historically, how has the fraction of Earth covered by water changed?
Is it right practice to validate temperature data with reanalysis data?
How do I derive the formula for lithostatic (overburden) pressure?
What tidal databases are available to be used as model boundary conditions?
What does it mean when the depth of earthquakes get near the surface over a period of time?
Where can I get archived hourly temperature data?
What causes the Earth to have magnetic poles?
How common is it for warm fronts to be responsible for record high temperatures?
What are the guidelines for constructing variable names that follow CF conventions?
What kind of minerals have no cleavage plane?
Why does halite have perfect cleavage at the (110) plane?
Identifying sedimentary rocks in hand specimen
How are minor tributaries of a river determined?
Can we predict which annular modes existed during the time of Pangaea?
Why are weather kites no longer used (much) operationally?
How do I explain why the Tibetan plateau is colder than lowlands at similar latitudes?
Life on Earth previous to us
How do meteorologists grade their past forecasts?
Why are there no crystals with 5-fold symmetry?
What is the range of possible atmospheric pressures on the surface of the Earth?
What&#39;s the geological period of the birth of the river Ganges?
Are sandstorms like regular storms?
Is it true that &quot;[sand] grains in the Coconino Sandstone come from the Appalachian Mountains&quot;?
What is a massif and what differentiates it from other types of mountains?
How long does it take for the atmosphere to mix?
In what sense did the Oklo reactor &quot;trap&quot; its own nuclear waste?
How to perform precipitation data analysis?
How can I tell if a rock is really petrified wood?
Can thunderstorms be thought of as a heat engine?
Are there any techniques for imaging the deep Earth besides seismic waves?
Why is Europe warmer than North America at similar latitudes?
What is the significance of the Vertical integral of northward kinetic energy flux?
Do tornadoes serve as significant sources of heat transport?
How much heat do hurricanes transport from equatorial to more polar latitudes, and from ocean to atmosphere?
Why does the so called &quot;tornado alley&quot; exist?
What are the scientific consequences of the lost of the Nereus submersible?
When a tectonic plate subducts, does any of the subducted material melt, or is it just the mantle above the subducted slab that melts?
Why does the wind periodically change direction?
Earth Science Search Engine
Why do tropical cyclones not tear themselves apart?
What is the difference between a high-resolution model and a regular model run?
Why do snowflakes form into hexagonal structures?
Why is colored seismic inversion called &#39;colored&#39;?
How do we measure (or empirically calculate) the amount of entropy in the atmosphere and oceans?
How much cheaper is it to mount oceanographic sensors on elephant seals and other animals, compared using Argo floats and other abiotic sensors?
Sediment layer chronology
How much is Iceland/Norway/Western Europe warmed up by the Meriodional Overturning Circulation?
Why would a suite of related rocks have one anomalous sample?
What evidence is there that plant evolutionary history &quot;dances to a different beat&quot; than that of animals?
Is there any correlation between La Ni&#241;a/El Ni&#241;o and seismic activity?
What would a replacement for SEGY look like?
What&#39;s the difference between the upper &amp; lower mantle?
Is seismology really the only way to measure the thickness of Earth&#39;s layers?
Will tropical cyclones form and be sustained in areas they previously were not due to global climate change?
What is &quot;qflux&quot; and why is it important for climate models?
Is the poleward migration of the maximum intensity of cyclones a result of tropical expansion or are there some other contributing factors?
Model types: Robust diagnostic versus prognostic
Why are methane spectroscopic parameters harder to determine and relatively poorly known, compared to other Earth trace gases?
Why do Earth and Venus have different atmospheres?
Where does the biggest land-based ice cap reside?
Project Mogul: Does upper atmosphere indeed have a sound waveguide channel?
Why do Tsunamis travel slower than sound?
Are there situations where the groundwater table doesn&#39;t follow the morphology of the surface?
How do we determine subsurface composition?
Is the Arctic sea ice volume increasing?
Why does the meridional overturning circulation take the convoluted path that it takes?
Why are some theories as to the cause of glacation less popular among the scientific community?
What determines the eastward speed that mid-latitude high pressure/low pressure systems move at?
Are there more earthquakes near the equator or poles?
Measurement of groundwater levels
How to determine the transmissivity of a system of rocks and faults from the stationary drawdown pattern?
Is it possible to find the magma chambers that produce supervolcanos?
What is the status of the Raymo &amp; Ruddiman idea that Tibet cooled the Earth?
What definition of &quot;seamount&quot; is used by the largest utilised databases of seamounts?
What is the tallest fully underwater seamount in the world?
What is a seamount?
What are some options for online and offline particle tracking in ocean models?
Why does El Ni&#241;o only exist in the Pacific Ocean and not the Atlantic/Indian Oceans?
Can mining trigger earthquakes?
What geophysical instruments should I use to detect water without drilling?
Did the impact event that caused the Chicxulub-Crater definitively and single-handedly cause the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction?
How accurate are climate proxies in giving us a clear picture of global average temperatures throughout Earth history?
Can the clouds on Venus and Titan be categorized in the same way as clouds on Earth?
Is this graph showing the average temperature on Earth going back millions of years accurate?
What, if any, scientific value do global soundscapes have?
Why is the Atlantic Hurricane Season defined as being between June 1 and November 30?
What constitutes a blizzard in meterological terms?
What do weather forecasters mean when they say &quot;50% chance of rain&quot;?
What is the motivation of using the Enhanced Fujita Scale in place of the Fujita Scale?
What is the difference between a &quot;flood&quot; and a &quot;flash flood&quot;?
Is a billion years of Earth&#39;s history missing?
Is it true that a butterfly flapping its wings can result in a tornado in a distant location?
Is Earth an organism?
Why do more tornadoes happen late in the day?
Formation of flint &amp; chert in limestones/chalk
Does Earth&#39;s air leak into space over time?
What Keeps the Earth Cooking?
What causes bottom water to rise?
Cloud-to-ground lightning in Florida?
How to interpret the use of late and early Tertiary from older literature?
Recharge a dry aquifer?
Can large (and wet) storms really trigger large magnitude Earthquakes?
How do scientists determine the absolute or &#39;chronometric&#39; date of fossils?
Is there a piece of upside down foreign crust in the USA?
Do ringwoodite minerals point to an &quot;ocean&#39;s worth&quot; of water, or a true subterranean ocean?
How do we know graptolites were pelagic?
Transfer precipitation forecast in mm to expected snowfall in cm
Is the majority of Earth not unique?
Can overshooting tops enter the stratosphere, or will they rather push the tropopause upward?
Do seismic travel times from one location to another differ based on factors other than distance?
Why does Earth&#39;s outer-core rotate in the opposite direction to the inner-core?
Why is the inside of the Earth so hot?
Are clouds significantly easier to simulate in weather models than climate models?
How long to melt all the polar ice?
How does the lapse rate in clouds compare with the lapse rate of air?
Why are most cirrus clouds present over the equator and over tropical continents?
Why does the rising of high clouds due to climate change impart positive radiative feedback on radiative forcing?
What are the domains of Earth Science?
What is the furthest observable phenomenon from Earth that is Earth Science?
Why is there a daily inequality for low tides?
What is the cause of the jet streams?
Why is the troposphere 8km higher at the equator than the poles?
What caused the Cretaceous uplift of the Harz mountains (Germany)
A good book or source for climate science and meteorology basics?
Why does volcanic dust pose such a hazard to air travel?
Why did the Laki eruption of 1783 produce so much fluorine?
How much will sea level rise if all the polar ice melts?
How much of the current global warming is due to human influence?
What is the current theory about the formation of Tibet?
Lab procedure for analyzing/assessing the presence of semi-volatile solids
How can the &#39;abiogenic oil&#39; hypothesis be disproven?
Why is earth not a sphere?
Are mantle plumes distributed around the core randomly or in a known pattern?
How far from basalt bedrock can magnetometic survey find archaeological features?
How deep was the Vredefort Crater when it happened?
Are there any quantities defined analogically to the virtual temperature, but for other gases?
Is there a database of the geologic/stratigraphic units of France?
Is global warming occuring only because of humans?
Why do those glaciers form on the lee side of the mountains?
What is a good definition of the word &quot;rock&quot; for teaching?
Bifurcation Scenarios in the Atmosphere
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core solid?
What is the concentration of silver in tap or freshwater in the United kingdom
How do we know that we are NOT in an &quot;Ice Age?&quot;
How do Rossby Waves in the ocean form?
How does heat get transported between the surface layer, twilight zone, and the deep ocean?
How is ocean salinity measured from space?
Why does the meandering pattern of the jet stream itself propagate?
Characterizing earthquakes using accelerometer data
Why do we recycle paper?
What are Horton&#39;s laws?
Is Iceland really an example of a hot-spot overlying a mantle plume?
What are some of the strongest theories against the existence of mantle plumes?
How do mantle plumes travel from the core of Earth to the crust?
Incised valleys and hydrocarbon potential
What is the distance between 2 cities?
Sources of $\ce{CO_2}$ during Carboniferous period
Climate zone classification using the Holdridge method
Ratio between heat transfer coefficient and thermal conductivity
Why does sea level correspond to boundary between oceanic and continental crust?
Where can I find solar radiation data for specific land areas?
Does within-canopy wind direction correlate with wind above the planetary bounday layer?
What is the difference between roughness length and zero plane displacement?
Using sodium chloride load as a point source pollutant variable in SWAT model?
What type of clouds are these?
Climate on an Earth without an Axial Tilt
What is the life-cycle of agricultural water used to grow crops/animals?
Why are oceanic plates denser than continental plates?
Why does Aragonite form in one case and an acetate in another?
What would happen if we removed Earth&#39;s moon?
Dependence of solar irradiation through the atmosphere on Sun&#39;s altitude
Does volcanic activity fluctuate?
Deciphering NCDC data
How reliable were early measurements of palaeomagnetic directions?
The Role of the Antarctic Circumpolar Vortex &amp; Ocean Current in Keeping Antarctica Frozen
Is it possible to see Auroras from the equatorial region?
What will happen to me if I touch the aurora?
How does Antarctica stay frozen?
CDL File Questions
What is the earliest tropical cyclone in record?
Why does phosphate rock contain uranium?
What, if any, paleoclimate data can be derived from igneous rocks?
(How long) would Earth&#39;s atmosphere last without a global magnetic field?
Did a crater cause the break up of Gondwanaland &amp; separate Australia from Antarctica
Has the number of natural disasters per year increased significantly in the years since human-caused climate change started?
vegetation types and their required or suitable climate condition
What would the equilibrium temperature be at the poles in a world without seasonality?
Why does part of the P-wave convert into a S-wave with an increase of incidence angle?
A faster way to measure the rock magnetic S-ratio?
Earth ocean basins
Is there anywhere on Earth *without* a rain shadow where we would otherwise expect one?
How has and how does the lithosphere affect climate change?
How can we guess the size of the Earth&#39;s inner core(and what it&#39;s made of)?
Did an impact crater influence the formation of uranium deposits in South Australia?
Thermohaline Circulation in the Oceans
What causes the semi-annual mesospheric meteoric potassium variability?
What is the geochemical origin of carbon dioxide with the &#39;white smokers&#39; of the Champagne Vent?
What sort of climate zones would be present if Earth was tilted like Uranus?
How would weather change on a tidally-locked terrestrial planet?
Why did people draw so many continuous squares in the sand on the beach at Cape Juby?
Why is there a seasonal cycle to the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere?
What are the tallest hydrothermal vents in the world?
Why do greenhouse gases affect ocean temp so much?
What causes the &#39;calm before the storm&#39;?
How will climate change affect the extent of the Sahara Desert?
How is equilibrium of 21% of oxygen in atmosphere established?
Why does Australia have extensive uranium ore deposits?
Why do Volcanoes give out so much Sulphur Dioxide and Carbon Dioxide?
Was volcanic activity more prevalent when the dinosaurs roamed?
Why does Volcano Lightning occur?
What ozone depleting chemicals can salt produce?
The differences in gases produced by asteroids impacting crystalline and sedimentary rocks
Did Jupiter really make Earth (in)habitable?
Software for sediment transport modeling
Did an impact crater cause the formation of the gas fields in north eastern South Australia
How do we convert the seismic trace wavelet to zero phase which is in mixed phase?
Can The UK Be Powered Practically By 100% Renewables?
When calculating flood recurrence intervals, do you use annual instantaneous peak flows?
What was the first rock in the rock cycle?
How to determine the number of bytes in the SEGD Revision 1 interblock gap
Sea Surface Height Data
Rock Cycle Recreation
Vortices in the Atmosphere Sustained only by PGF
Minimum sea-level pressure and maximum wind speed intensity relationship in Hurricane Katrina (2005)
Does bathymetry affect ocean topography/height?
Would life on Earth survive without the Sun?
Cell Size of Salt Pan Tessellations
Paleontology science fair ideas?
Why do most opal deposits occur in Australia?
What causes the different colours of the salt pits in the Saloum Delta in Senegal
About meddies: what are they? How do they form? How are they maintained?
Placement of crustal thickness estimation from 1D inversion of surface wave dispersion curves
How do I find the volume of ocean between any two layers of ocean depth?
What is the appropriate vertical datum to use globally?
How to interpret hourly precipitation forecast?
Optimized interpolation method with fixed-location sample data points?
What causes the entrainment of atmospheric gases towards a volcanic ash/tephra plume?
Locating Missing Airplanes using Remote-Sensing Satellites
The spiraling cyclone track - Cyclone Nathan
Has a reduction in car use ever had an effect on the ozone layer?
How to determine if this fault is normal, sinistral?
What started the Dust Bowl, and could it happen again?
Underwater rock conduit
Is there a standard definition of a &quot;dry-down&quot; event in hydrology?
What type of sparking stone could this be?
Why is phase rotation needed to produce the colored inversion operator?
Why can Thomsen&#39;s parameter $\epsilon$ be negative in VTI media?
What is a Geophysical Model Function (GMF)?
What impact on climate did 2011 earthquake and tsunami have?
Magma resultant from group 1 and group 2 elements?
How do I prepare for the International Earth Science Olympiad?
Is wave spectrum always positive and why?
Is there a correlation between hot springs and earthquakes?
How to compute the earthquake occurrence probability under ETAS model
What caused a measurable patch of Mt. St. Helens&#39; ash to be deposited across Oklahoma?
Why is March colder than September in Northern Hemisphere?
Water veins underground causing health problems
How do weather models work?
How does the Sun heat the Earth?
Source of water for the Great Artesian Basin in Australia
Predicting school closures with historical weather prediction data?
Why don&#39;t scientists use fire entry suits to study volcanoes?
When will the Final Ice Age happen?
Why is seawater saline?
How important is Sahara dust for the Amazon?
Why does lightning strike from the ground-up?
Change in weight since the time of the dinosaurs
How are the banded-iron-formation iron-ores formed?
How to measure the cycles of earth moving/rotation?
Do different lavas have different volcanic volatiles associated with them?
Weak flashes of light in the sky
What was the Amazon like during Green Sahara?
What causes &#39;positive&#39; lightning to be rarer, higher charged, and longer lasting than &#39;negative&#39; lightning?
What caused the high temperatures that resulted in the Cretaceous aged komatiite lavas of Gorgona Island, Colombia?
The different types of plagioclase
Why does Earth have abundant oxygen in the atmosphere?
Does the Great Pacific Garbage Patch increase sedimentation rates over the patch?
Why do the Siberian methane craters have smooth vertical walls?
Where can obsidian be found?
Why would volcano eruption cause cardiac arrest?
What are these lake-like blue patches in the desert, visible in satellite image?
What causes these banded clouds?
Fine particulate matter - Why the lack of attention? What can be done to tackle it?
Why do gold deposits form only in certain areas of the earth?
Why deep ocean didn&#39;t freeze during snowball Earth?
Are the processes of the rock cycle currently in dynamic equilibrium?
How does a meandering river form?
Two severe cyclones connected by a monsoonal trough
Why do some planets have lots of $\mathrm{N_2}$ and others none?
What is the status of meteorological data exchange standards?
Current consensus on the Messinian Salinity Crisis
How does the meridional overturning circulation affect sedimentation rates in the North Atlantic?
Why are there no hurricanes in the southern Atlantic basin?
Why was the initial theory of plate tectonics so controversial?
Is a San Andreas volcano possible?
Relationship between atmospheric density and atmospheric pressure?
How much has the total transport of the Antarctic Circumpolar Current changed over time?
What would be the first thing which will render the Earth uninhabitable?
Why do tropical cyclones around Australia have erratic paths?
What atmospheric radiative effects, if any, do contrails cause?
Climatology of the Indian Summer Monsoon - A modern consensus
What caused a fall in atmospheric oxygen about 1.9 billion years ago?
Ice Coverage on the Laurentian Great Lakes
What is the area with the largest velocity vertical shear in the ocean?
Will the Southern Ocean act as a net source or sink for atmospheric $\ce{CO2}$ in the future?
Sand on the beaches of Kanyakumari, India
How can the average coldest day of the year be before the winter solstice?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core made of an iron-nickel alloy?
Academic but accessible defense of the scientific understanding of anthropogenic climate change?
Converting glacier volume to mass: what ice density to use?
Numerical weather forecasting - resources for a programmer?
Distance to epicenter vs distance to focus
How to get cell indices from latitude and longitude in WRF model grids?
Are there any geological periods found on top of each other that have dinosaurs of that period with in them?
What reflects UV radiation more: stratus clouds or cumulus clouds?
converting SU file to ASCII format in seismic unix using OpenSeaSeis
The climatological variance of albedo, soil moisture in weather models
What geological processes would &#39;restart&#39; subduction processes?
What is the oldest sediment?
Predicting volcanic eruptions by experimentally proven volatile outgassing observations
How and why do these tree-like river structures form?
How did sand dunes appear in the midst of a fertile region?
TRMM rainfall measurement for synoptic systems
During the &quot;Ice Ages&quot; or &quot;Snowball Earth&quot; times, where was all the energy?
Is there a name for this type of ice crystal?
What does geochemical data tell us about Earth&#39;s earliest palaeoclimatic conditions?
Is there a difference between rock and stone?
Database of geological group or formation exposures?
Minimum flow duration curves
Does earth&#39;s size affect the temperature of the poles?
What is the origin of the Laacher See caldera magma in Germany?
What is this strange feature on Mars in Valles Marineris
Which places on Earth would be affected the least by severe climate change?
Does the Strength of Earth&#39;s Magnetic Field Influence Climate?
How are critical loads of nitrogen deposition on eco-regions determined?
Why Vp/Vs and not Vs/Vp?
How Mauna Loa $\ce{CO2}$ monthly trends are computed?
How do Kelvin waves determine surface temperature variations?
Bulk and dynamic viscosity in the atmosphere
Is it possible for rivers to freeze completely and stop flowing?
How was the Earth formed?
Earthquake probabilities
Canadian equivalent to AMLIS database?
What is the geochemical source for the helium detected in deep Arctic explosive eruptions?
Shallow water height as vertical coordinate
Mega-tsunami, what is the greatest possible height of a tsunami?
How much of earth&#39;s molecular oxygen in the atmosphere is due to plants?
Average Aragonite:Calcite ratio in biogenic CaCO3 in the oceans
Characterizing earthquakes using accelerometer data
Why do we recycle paper?
What are Horton&#39;s laws?
Is Iceland really an example of a hot-spot overlying a mantle plume?
What are some of the strongest theories against the existence of mantle plumes?
How do mantle plumes travel from the core of Earth to the crust?
Incised valleys and hydrocarbon potential
What is the distance between 2 cities?
Sources of $\ce{CO_2}$ during Carboniferous period
Climate zone classification using the Holdridge method
Ratio between heat transfer coefficient and thermal conductivity
Why does sea level correspond to boundary between oceanic and continental crust?
Where can I find solar radiation data for specific land areas?
Does within-canopy wind direction correlate with wind above the planetary bounday layer?
What is the difference between roughness length and zero plane displacement?
Using sodium chloride load as a point source pollutant variable in SWAT model?
What type of clouds are these?
Climate on an Earth without an Axial Tilt
What is the life-cycle of agricultural water used to grow crops/animals?
Why are oceanic plates denser than continental plates?
Why does Aragonite form in one case and an acetate in another?
What would happen if we removed Earth&#39;s moon?
Dependence of solar irradiation through the atmosphere on Sun&#39;s altitude
Does volcanic activity fluctuate?
Deciphering NCDC data
How reliable were early measurements of palaeomagnetic directions?
The Role of the Antarctic Circumpolar Vortex &amp; Ocean Current in Keeping Antarctica Frozen
Is it possible to see Auroras from the equatorial region?
What will happen to me if I touch the aurora?
How does Antarctica stay frozen?
CDL File Questions
What is the earliest tropical cyclone in record?
Why does phosphate rock contain uranium?
What, if any, paleoclimate data can be derived from igneous rocks?
(How long) would Earth&#39;s atmosphere last without a global magnetic field?
Did a crater cause the break up of Gondwanaland &amp; separate Australia from Antarctica
Has the number of natural disasters per year increased significantly in the years since human-caused climate change started?
vegetation types and their required or suitable climate condition
What would the equilibrium temperature be at the poles in a world without seasonality?
Why does part of the P-wave convert into a S-wave with an increase of incidence angle?
A faster way to measure the rock magnetic S-ratio?
Earth ocean basins
Is there anywhere on Earth *without* a rain shadow where we would otherwise expect one?
How has and how does the lithosphere affect climate change?
How can we guess the size of the Earth&#39;s inner core(and what it&#39;s made of)?
Did an impact crater influence the formation of uranium deposits in South Australia?
Thermohaline Circulation in the Oceans
What causes the semi-annual mesospheric meteoric potassium variability?
What is the geochemical origin of carbon dioxide with the &#39;white smokers&#39; of the Champagne Vent?
What sort of climate zones would be present if Earth was tilted like Uranus?
How would weather change on a tidally-locked terrestrial planet?
Why did people draw so many continuous squares in the sand on the beach at Cape Juby?
Why is there a seasonal cycle to the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere?
What are the tallest hydrothermal vents in the world?
Why do greenhouse gases affect ocean temp so much?
What causes the &#39;calm before the storm&#39;?
How will climate change affect the extent of the Sahara Desert?
How is equilibrium of 21% of oxygen in atmosphere established?
Why does Australia have extensive uranium ore deposits?
Why do Volcanoes give out so much Sulphur Dioxide and Carbon Dioxide?
Was volcanic activity more prevalent when the dinosaurs roamed?
Why does Volcano Lightning occur?
What ozone depleting chemicals can salt produce?
The differences in gases produced by asteroids impacting crystalline and sedimentary rocks
Did Jupiter really make Earth (in)habitable?
Software for sediment transport modeling
Did an impact crater cause the formation of the gas fields in north eastern South Australia
How do we convert the seismic trace wavelet to zero phase which is in mixed phase?
Can The UK Be Powered Practically By 100% Renewables?
When calculating flood recurrence intervals, do you use annual instantaneous peak flows?
What was the first rock in the rock cycle?
How to determine the number of bytes in the SEGD Revision 1 interblock gap
Sea Surface Height Data
Rock Cycle Recreation
Vortices in the Atmosphere Sustained only by PGF
Minimum sea-level pressure and maximum wind speed intensity relationship in Hurricane Katrina (2005)
Does bathymetry affect ocean topography/height?
Would life on Earth survive without the Sun?
Cell Size of Salt Pan Tessellations
Paleontology science fair ideas?
Why do most opal deposits occur in Australia?
What causes the different colours of the salt pits in the Saloum Delta in Senegal
About meddies: what are they? How do they form? How are they maintained?
Placement of crustal thickness estimation from 1D inversion of surface wave dispersion curves
How do I find the volume of ocean between any two layers of ocean depth?
What is the appropriate vertical datum to use globally?
How to interpret hourly precipitation forecast?
Optimized interpolation method with fixed-location sample data points?
What causes the entrainment of atmospheric gases towards a volcanic ash/tephra plume?
Locating Missing Airplanes using Remote-Sensing Satellites
The spiraling cyclone track - Cyclone Nathan
Has a reduction in car use ever had an effect on the ozone layer?
How to determine if this fault is normal, sinistral?
What started the Dust Bowl, and could it happen again?
Underwater rock conduit
Is there a standard definition of a &quot;dry-down&quot; event in hydrology?
What type of sparking stone could this be?
Why is phase rotation needed to produce the colored inversion operator?
Why can Thomsen&#39;s parameter $\epsilon$ be negative in VTI media?
What is a Geophysical Model Function (GMF)?
What impact on climate did 2011 earthquake and tsunami have?
Magma resultant from group 1 and group 2 elements?
How do I prepare for the International Earth Science Olympiad?
Is wave spectrum always positive and why?
Is there a correlation between hot springs and earthquakes?
How to compute the earthquake occurrence probability under ETAS model
What caused a measurable patch of Mt. St. Helens&#39; ash to be deposited across Oklahoma?
Why is March colder than September in Northern Hemisphere?
Water veins underground causing health problems
How do weather models work?
How does the Sun heat the Earth?
Source of water for the Great Artesian Basin in Australia
Predicting school closures with historical weather prediction data?
Why don&#39;t scientists use fire entry suits to study volcanoes?
When will the Final Ice Age happen?
Why is seawater saline?
How important is Sahara dust for the Amazon?
Why does lightning strike from the ground-up?
Change in weight since the time of the dinosaurs
How are the banded-iron-formation iron-ores formed?
How to measure the cycles of earth moving/rotation?
Do different lavas have different volcanic volatiles associated with them?
Weak flashes of light in the sky
What was the Amazon like during Green Sahara?
What causes &#39;positive&#39; lightning to be rarer, higher charged, and longer lasting than &#39;negative&#39; lightning?
What caused the high temperatures that resulted in the Cretaceous aged komatiite lavas of Gorgona Island, Colombia?
The different types of plagioclase
Why does Earth have abundant oxygen in the atmosphere?
Does the Great Pacific Garbage Patch increase sedimentation rates over the patch?
Why do the Siberian methane craters have smooth vertical walls?
Where can obsidian be found?
Why would volcano eruption cause cardiac arrest?
What are these lake-like blue patches in the desert, visible in satellite image?
What causes these banded clouds?
Fine particulate matter - Why the lack of attention? What can be done to tackle it?
Why do gold deposits form only in certain areas of the earth?
Why deep ocean didn&#39;t freeze during snowball Earth?
Are the processes of the rock cycle currently in dynamic equilibrium?
How does a meandering river form?
Two severe cyclones connected by a monsoonal trough
Why do some planets have lots of $\mathrm{N_2}$ and others none?
What is the status of meteorological data exchange standards?
Current consensus on the Messinian Salinity Crisis
How does the meridional overturning circulation affect sedimentation rates in the North Atlantic?
Why are there no hurricanes in the southern Atlantic basin?
Why was the initial theory of plate tectonics so controversial?
Is a San Andreas volcano possible?
Relationship between atmospheric density and atmospheric pressure?
How much has the total transport of the Antarctic Circumpolar Current changed over time?
What would be the first thing which will render the Earth uninhabitable?
Why do tropical cyclones around Australia have erratic paths?
What atmospheric radiative effects, if any, do contrails cause?
Climatology of the Indian Summer Monsoon - A modern consensus
What caused a fall in atmospheric oxygen about 1.9 billion years ago?
Ice Coverage on the Laurentian Great Lakes
What is the area with the largest velocity vertical shear in the ocean?
Will the Southern Ocean act as a net source or sink for atmospheric $\ce{CO2}$ in the future?
Sand on the beaches of Kanyakumari, India
How can the average coldest day of the year be before the winter solstice?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core made of an iron-nickel alloy?
Academic but accessible defense of the scientific understanding of anthropogenic climate change?
Converting glacier volume to mass: what ice density to use?
Numerical weather forecasting - resources for a programmer?
Distance to epicenter vs distance to focus
How to get cell indices from latitude and longitude in WRF model grids?
Are there any geological periods found on top of each other that have dinosaurs of that period with in them?
What reflects UV radiation more: stratus clouds or cumulus clouds?
converting SU file to ASCII format in seismic unix using OpenSeaSeis
The climatological variance of albedo, soil moisture in weather models
What geological processes would &#39;restart&#39; subduction processes?
What is the oldest sediment?
Predicting volcanic eruptions by experimentally proven volatile outgassing observations
How and why do these tree-like river structures form?
How did sand dunes appear in the midst of a fertile region?
TRMM rainfall measurement for synoptic systems
During the &quot;Ice Ages&quot; or &quot;Snowball Earth&quot; times, where was all the energy?
Is there a name for this type of ice crystal?
What does geochemical data tell us about Earth&#39;s earliest palaeoclimatic conditions?
Is there a difference between rock and stone?
Database of geological group or formation exposures?
Minimum flow duration curves
Does earth&#39;s size affect the temperature of the poles?
What is the origin of the Laacher See caldera magma in Germany?
What is this strange feature on Mars in Valles Marineris
Which places on Earth would be affected the least by severe climate change?
Does the Strength of Earth&#39;s Magnetic Field Influence Climate?
How are critical loads of nitrogen deposition on eco-regions determined?
Why Vp/Vs and not Vs/Vp?
How Mauna Loa $\ce{CO2}$ monthly trends are computed?
How do Kelvin waves determine surface temperature variations?
Bulk and dynamic viscosity in the atmosphere
Is it possible for rivers to freeze completely and stop flowing?
How was the Earth formed?
Earthquake probabilities
Canadian equivalent to AMLIS database?
What is the geochemical source for the helium detected in deep Arctic explosive eruptions?
Shallow water height as vertical coordinate
Mega-tsunami, what is the greatest possible height of a tsunami?
How much of earth&#39;s molecular oxygen in the atmosphere is due to plants?
Average Aragonite:Calcite ratio in biogenic CaCO3 in the oceans
What is the mechanism for deep-sea volcanism of the Gakkel Ridge in the Arctic?
What are the advantages in looking at an OLR map versus looking at IR satellite imagery?
Why is there a bend in the Lomonosov Ridge?
Will global climate change alter the interannual and/or intraseasonal variance of temperature and/or precipitation?
What is the tectonic explanation for parallel ridges in the Arctic Ocean?
Calculating the displacement of a fault
Does temperature affect partial pressure of gas dissolved in water?
How do we use oxygen isotopes as temperature proxy?
What tools allow a quick comparison of NetCDF output from ocean models?
Does the gravitational pull of the moon affect the composition of Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Fictional Land - How can I keep dense fog in an area for half a day?
Where does the water from rain in rain forests come from?
Sudden Localized Surface Water Temperature Increase In Eastern Lake Superior, Canada
Negative values of relative humidity in CFSR
Is earthquake prediction possible?
Why does the Inter tropical Convergence Zone shift?
What is the name of this feature on the Red Sea coast of Saudi Arabia?
What type of storm cloud is this?
How has river to ocean flux changed over the last 500 million years?
Is it possible for a natural fluorescent mineral to glow from the sun&#39;s rays?
Which theory is stronger, that iron came from outside or was formed within earth?
Is there an estimate for the length of the American Cordillera?
Does vegetation contribute to long-term carbon sequestration?
Acidity of rock
How important is understanding linear algebra in groundwater modeling?
How will increased $\ce{CO2}$ affect forests and other vegetative areas?
Do other terrestrial planets have &quot;earthquakes&quot;?
About Earthquakes and their properties
Deuterium-less oceans
Is Antarctic sea ice at record levels?
Nuclear testing and the Anthropocene, a chemostratigraphic link?
Is there a database of global rainfall time series?
NASA GLAS Lidar Data Format
Active rifting in Antarctica?
Is there conclusive evidence for the Antarctic Circumpolar Current developing after the glaciation of Antarctica?
How much would the Greenland landmass isostatic rebound contribute to long term climate change?
Is it possible for a sting jet to form over a continental landmass?
What are the applications of hydrostatic solvers vs non-hydrostatic solvers in numerical weather prediction?
How strong can a glacial icequake get?
Is it possible to create an enclosed manmade weather system?
Snow from Fire: Could graupel, or even snow, fall from pyrocumulus clouds?
The relationship between specific discharge and flux
Similarities between grand circulation solvers and mantle convection solvers
How isotropic is the Earth&#39;s inner core boundary?
Why does El Ni&#241;o enhance the jet stream?
What factors affect the size of rain shadows?
Where does the symmetry of cloudy bands come from?
How significant is a 5-10 mb drop in pressure over a 20 minute period?
Can climate models reliably predict meteorological extremes?
What is the methodology to analyze future climatic extremes using the results of climate models?
Pressure as a function of altitude above 11 km
About moving ice bergs northwards to slow down all the melting a tiny bit. ( Clearing away navigation hazards is a side effect of this.)
Are Richter-magnitude 10 earthquakes possible?
Stability correction factor in the Wavewatch III wave model
Alpine schistosity
What is the lowest latitude at which snow has been recorded at sea level?
What are the criteria that make a planet (in)habitable?
What geophysical knowledge have we learned by the construction of IceCube?
Is there any consensus of what caused the Lusi Mud Volcano eruptions in Indonesia?
Dry atmospheric temperature profile (dry adiabatic vs. isothermal)
How would an icicle &quot;grow&quot; upwards?
Are cloudy night warmer than nights without clouds?
About the effectiveness of sand-bags
How stable is the Gulf Stream? Could it stop suddenly?
Should total ground heat flux be 0?
Is there value in using a model that fails at validation against measurements?
What is Geoalchemy?
How much do anthropogenic carbon aerosols (soot) affect the atmospheric radiation budget?
How to Calculate the Equilibrum Function for use in Tide Calculations using Harmonic Constituents
Differences between hydrothermal vents on Earth and Europa
How does a &#39;fire tornado&#39; form?
Is Mars&#39; mantle homogeneous or heterogeneous and what might this say about mantle convection?
What is the age of the Gamburtsev Mountains?
Is it true that distance between earth and sun is closer in winter season (January) and farther in summer season in the Northern Hemisphere?
Width of strata in stratigraphic column
Why is my ♦ hammer (i.e. diamond) so durable, but it can burn?
Where does the lithium in Salar de Uyuni comes from?
Did global warming cause the extreme cold 2013-14 winter in North America?
What is the long term impact of large scale removal of material from subterraneal caches on the structural integrity of the soil?
Is the temperature (even a bit) warmer in a forest?
What does the absence of passive margins between 1740-1600 million years ago tell us about the tectonic environment at that time?
Pyroclastic flow protection
When did/will peak conventional oil happen?
What are monsoons caused by?
Color of ocean waters and Ekman pumping - what is the connection?
Intuitive explanation of precipitation amount
Oceanic-atmospheric coupling between the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean basins
Noctilucent clouds and anthropogenic climate change
How deep is the permafrost in the Antarctic?
Strangely bright morning twilight over Switzerland
Statistical weather prediction
What precursor geological activity occurred prior to the Par&#237;cutin Volcano eruption in 1943?
Is it theoretically possible to artificially create amber?
What evidence is there for geological mechanisms that formed the Siberian traps flood basalt?
Relation between direction of shear and cyclone formation
What is the predictability of El Ni&#241;o/La Ni&#241;a?
How do perennial rivers in high alpine areas maintain year round flows?
What&#39;s the partition coefficient (D) of Nb for apatite?
Regarding various types of atmospheric pollution
Extent of the Persian Gulf
What is the tectonic setting for the formation of the Great Dividing Range in Australia?
What type of rock is this?
How much does the Meridional Overturning Current strengthen the Gulf Stream?
&#39;Peak water&#39; in the Ogallala Aquifer, USA?
Find increase in global equilibrium temperature
Freshwater changes in time?
Ore deposits buried under cities?
How does anthropogenic heating affect global warming?
What are the differences between implicit and explicit methods when applied to modelling Earth systems?
Could earth&#39;s core lose its heat?
Why is colder seawater more compressible?
Why does the colour of amethyst fade if exposed to too much light?
How are &#39;Morning Glory&#39; clouds maintained?
What are the high field strength and large ion lithophile (HFS or HFSE &amp; LIL or LILE) elements?
What type of cloud formation is this?
Forecasting oceanic rogue waves
Why does the El Ni&#241;o Stop?
Does the meridional overturning circulation slow down the temperature increase from global warming?
Would it be geographically feasible to store water on land to counteract sea level rise?
How would plate tectonics differ if Earth had no water?
Where can we see the noctilucent clouds?
What rocks are these?
Are there locations on earth that only have one season?
Does El Ni&#241;o increase the amount of heat that escapes into space, or does it increase the amount of heat trapped on Earth?
How was the atmospheric/oceanic circulation different prior to the formation of the Isthmus of Panama?
How does El Ni&#241;o affect thunderstorm/tornado/CAPE activity in the central United States?
Why is the warm phase of the Pacific Decadal Oscillation associated with stronger El Ninos?
What is El Ni&#241;o Modoki?
What can we learn by studying lunar atmospheric tides?
How have levels of outgoing longwave and incoming shortwave radiation changed over the last 20-30 years?
Are El Ni&#241;os stronger when there is a longer gap from the last El Ni&#241;o?
Relation of El Ni&#241;o to Monsoons
What efforts have been made to separate the microseismic events related to wind-related ocean waves from the components of volcanic origin?
Is the number of high/low pressure regions different at low pressure levels at high pressure levels?
What do the derivative or the integral of amplitude of a seismogram mean?
Is it feasible to use depleted oil wells for geothermal production?
Can impact events cause widespread volcanic activity on the other side of the planet?
Is the Cameroon Line still an active rift zone?
How much of the underwater land masses within the arctic ocean is considered continental shelf?
What is the difference between eluvium and alluvium
How many trees would I have to plant to solve Global Warming?
Why is ocean surface velocity around 3% of wind velocity?
Where can I obtain ocean wave data of the Southeast Asian region?
Release mechanism for methane clathrate at the PETM
How does one create petroleum/crude oil for future generations?
How to find the distance from the epicenter?
To stop anthropogenic climate change, is it necessary to stop extracting petroleum and start pumping carbon under ground?
What are the non-anthropogenic causes of The Netherlands&#39; low elevation?
What amount of permafrost carbon release could be expected with the IPCC worse-prediction of a 4.8C temperature rise?
How much methane clathrates are buried in continental deposits?
Understanding the Mercator Projection
What is the origin of the dominant atmospheric nitrogen content in Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
LWC and Absolute Humidity
What&#39;s with this anomaly in this sounding (the CAPE and CIN readings)?
Temporal Resolution of Seismic data
Why is the concept of &quot;mass extinction&quot; a relatively recent development in geology?
At what point does plate tectonics stop?
How are spherulitic structures formed in basalt rock?
What do the researchers in Antarctica wear if they must go outside during winter?
Is the color of the sky the same everywhere on earth?
Are there any uncharted waters left on earth?
A parcel of air in an isothermal layer
What is the meaning of -999 degrees Celsius?
What is the definition of a continent?
What is the age of the earliest traces of life on Earth?
What is the importance of mixing caused by outgassing in the ocean?
Per capita $\ce{CO2}$ emissions
What tectonic structures exist on the Eurasian - North American plate boundary in eastern Siberia?
Why are alkali basalts found at rifting centres and on top of &#39;plumes&#39;, whereas MORBs are generally tholeiitic?
Significant difference between averaged wind speeds and averaged wind power density, for wind generation modelling?
What makes the conditions at the core/mantle boundary ideal for aluminum to combine with other elements besides oxygen?
Potential explanations of Red Sea crossing
Regarding the melting glaciers and icebergs, why isn&#39;t the extra water vapor in the atmosphere mentioned in discussions of global warming?
Looking at ocean depth/latitude profiles of dissolved oxygen and nitrate. Why is dissolved oxygen low when nitrate is high?
Lake inflow-outflow problem
What tectonic structures delineate the split between the Australian and Indian tectonic plates?
Why is aerodynamic resistance defined inversely?
How much have global GPP and biomass changed over Earth&#39;s history?
Why is q used for specific humidity?
Are there any high-resolution urban CO2 concentration data sets?
Can Venus be considered to be tectonically active?
Where did the energy released due to gravitational binding energy of the Earth go?
Naming convention for sea ice thickness per unit area of ice or ocean
Why is Sacramento so warm for its latitude?
To what extent is hydroelectric power really renewable?
Does the heating of the oceans due to greenhouse effect negate the acidification due to increased CO2 levels?
What caused the bend in the Emperor/Hawaii chain of islands, 45 million years ago?
How did helium deposits form?
Why won&#39;t Yellowstone explode?
Will dust storms be more frequent in the future?
What is the origin of the ocean&#39;s salt?
Olympus Mons sized volcano on Earth?
Ozone gas (O₃) endurance in the atmosphere
Why aren&#39;t there more questions and concerns about chemtrails?
How many joules are required to mine a unit of coal?
Farthest point from the center of the Earth
What lithologies are deemed most suitable for the storage of nuclear waste
What temperature do small meteorites have on impact
How are Earth&#39;s rotational changes due to large earthquakes calculated?
What is the difference between an inertial instability and a symmetric instability?
What are the mechanisms maintaining the Dune of Pilat?
What fraction of dry land is below sea level
Does the climate have any effect on plate tectonics?
Hypotheses about Silurian carbon isotope excursions?
Is angular momentum preserved in a gastropod fossil?
Is there such a thing as a &quot;basalt dike&quot;?
What would it take to confirm or refute the Snowball Earth Hypothesis?
Calculating Monthly Accumulation value of the Clearness Index KT
The river or the hills; which came first?
Why is the lithostatic pressure gradient 1 psi/ft? How is it derived from density?
What factors determine the number of Hadley cells for a planet?
How are Richter magnitudes of past earthquakes estimated?
Weight vs. Mass of Clouds
Historical atmospheric partial pressure &amp; Henry&#39;s law constant
Meaning of the C in the unit &quot;mg C L-1&quot;
Synoptic weather predictibility under climate change scenarios
Does the time-lagged correlation between $\ce{CO2}$ and ocean temperature have a shorter timelag than the one between $\ce{CO2}$ and air temperature?
What is the time-lagged correlation between historical $\ce{CO2}$ records from ice cores and global temperature records?
What is the name for a ABC hcp lattice that is squeezed along the direction vertical to the ABC planes?
Equation for predicting contrail formation
What are the physical upper bounds on the magnitude of an earthquake?
How and where do double-terminated crystals form?
Why does the earth spin clockwise?
What, if any, paleoclimate data can be derived from stromatolite fossils?
From where do weather radar maps get their data?
Are there any photographs of mountains without significant erosion (on Earth or otherwise)
Why does air seem to affect local surface temperatures so much?
Effect on sea level if the Earth stopped rotating
What is the primary cause of the &quot;Norwester&quot; winds that affect parts of India &amp; Bangladesh?
Is there conclusive evidence to refute an earlier oxygenation of the Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Have there been any attempts to measure profiles through deep convective systems using dropsondes?
How does radiogenic argon-40 get into the atmosphere?
Why would magma have high amounts of nickel and chromium?
Carbon Dioxide levels appear to be linked to the Milankovitch cycles according to Ice Core data but what is the mechanism?
What is the steepest surface that can hold snow?
Permeability of well screen as a limitation to a slug-in test
How to reduce the atmospheric temperature artificially?
What are rare earths and why do they cluster near alkaline magmatism?
Who originated Taylor&#39;s axiom of lunar formation, and where?
How do climatologists define the &quot;start&quot; of a rainy season in a unimodal monsoonal climate?
What is the mechanism behind changes in oxidation state (of iron, for example) as magma rises?
How does the composition of volcanic rock change as it makes its ascent towards the surface?
Glaciology: odd pattern of smooth and ribbed chunks of ice in Antartica
What are the differences between an LES-SGS model and a RANS based turbulence model?
Was the Southern Hemisphere cooler during the Younger Dryas?
Relationship between illuminance and cloud cover
What caused the Younger Dryas cold event?
Can earthquakes contribute to Antarctic ice loss?
What does the term &quot;Snow Interval&quot; mean?
Is there any explanation for the large amount of sea ice around Antarctica in 2014?
In what geological situations can I find gold?
How global was the Bonarelli Oceanic Anoxic Event?
How to calculate flow duration curve for a set of 12 year data?
Have meteorites been found in the oldest sedimentary rocks?
What is the force imposed by underwater currents?
What is responsible for the underwater waterfall illusion of Mauritius Island?
Why does the shoreline sometimes recede prior to a Tsunami?
Coriolis effect and Cyclones
Pressure as a function of altitude
What geological events could cause a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) level 9 eruption?
What sort of instruments do planetary geologists use to predict that there are oceans on the moons Titan and Europa?
What are the tectonic implications of the Quaternary Igwisi Hills, Tanzania, kimberlite volcanics?
What are the differences between geology, petrology, and lithology?
What is it about ancient craton geology that results in associated kimberlite pipes containing economic diamond deposits?
Could Earth have had a greater axial tilt?
What determines the spectrum of high and low frequency waves emitted by an earthquake?
Is there evidence to delineate where a southern extension of the East African Rift &#39;plate boundary&#39; is developing?
How are paleomagnetic polarities determined?
What factors determine the height of the turbopause?
Why do felsic materials have lower melting points than mafic?
Why does the &quot;Ring of Fire&quot; pretty much define &quot;Pacific Rim&quot;
Why don&#39;t cold fronts and other steep-gradient weather effects just dissipate?
How will climate change affect the entropy budget of the atmosphere?
Why is heavy precipitation from atmospheric rivers more likely to hit the West Coasts than the East Coasts?
How were we able to measure carbon dioxide levels in earlier climates?
How will climate change affect the total kinetic energy in the atmosphere?
How will climate change affect the 3D distribution of lapse rate in the atmosphere?
How does the pole-to-equator temperature gradient scale with height contours?
Are certain isobar temperatures higher in mountainous regions?
How much of a mountain is below the surface?
Why is there so much oil in Saudi Arabia, Venezuela and Canada, but almost none in Europe?
Help determining virtual geomagnetic pole
Can the overuse of geothermal energy become an environmental concern?
Is ground level ozone dangerous to human health when other pollutants are not present, for example, at high altitudes?
Alternative WMS servers for GOES-East satellite imagery
Did a gamma ray burst contribute to the Ordovician mass extinction?
Determining the paleoelevation of mountain ranges
What is the reason why there are radiosonde measurements in the atmosphere?
Is the Principle of Fossil Succession accurate?
What is limestone made of?
Will a volcano erupt in Australia soon?
What visual wave behaviour help to tell if a tide is going in or out?
Are the &quot;polar vortex&quot; and &quot;cut-off lows&quot; over/near the Great Lakes new phenomena?
Laboratory simulation of the Earth&#39;s magnetic field
&#39;Late Veneer&#39; on other planets
Is there geological evidence that the moon once collided with the Earth?
Why is Arizona the fastest-warming state in the U.S. (since 1970)?
Horizon letter for bedrock
viable geothermal energy supply from exhausted fracked gas wells?
How do we know the asteroids formed at the same time as earth?
Why does seismic activity shed light on the inner core rigidity?
Why do crystals, like quartz and diamonds, form in different colors?
Regarding the theory of the origin of water on Earth through meteorites, why wouldn&#39;t the water evaporate on impact?
Were dinosaurs with feathers common?
Interpreting some hydropower data. What does DSF mean in this context?
Has an entire plate ever subducted?
Why are most peninsulas oriented north-south?
Where to find an accurate Mercator Projection world image?
What geological mechanisms result in the great depth of the Mariana Trench?
Is everything affecting everything on Earth?
Is there another explanation than an asteroid/volcano for the extinction event on Earth millions of years ago?
What happens to global temperature when we stop all the vehicles for a year?
What geologic features could this video game environment be modeled from, and how do they form?
How long until Earth&#39;s core solidifies?
Would the Earth function the same spinning the other way?
Golden and red colored light even after sunset
What would be the temperature of earth if there was no atmosphere?
Why is earth&#39;s axis tilted?
Why is Earth&#39;s age given by dating meteorites rather than its own rocks?
Is the Principle of Original Horizontality a good indicator?
Do normal modes of oscillation cause permanent deformation?
Why are there more intense earthquakes in Iran than in Iraq?
How much oil is created each year?
Estimating the permeability tensor of an oil field by remote sensing
Does the long-term ice-core temperature record provide reasonable evidence that the current temperature trend is not anthropogenic?
What does groundwater consist of?
What were the tallest mountain ranges in Earth&#39;s geological past?
What would happen if we could revert $\mathrm{CO}_2$ production but took it too far?
Why would there be no hydrocarbons in the Sveconorwegian belt?
Why does Coriolis determine the rotation direction of a cyclone but not my drain?
Exhumation of blueschist
How can scientists be confident of isotope ratios in past eras and varied locations, used for radiometric dating?
How old is Casiquiare canal?
Monsoonal interactions with mid latitude disturbances
How to determine that sustained wind speed exceeded the threshold value?
Resources for learning the technical parts of atmospheric modeling
Biogenic origin of authigenic zeolites
Why are minerals found in &quot;large&quot; quantities and not scattered throughout the earth as individual atoms?
What causes waves to form the characteristic &quot;breaking&quot; shape as they approach the shoreline?
Do tornadoes have eyes?
How do archaeologists address time dilation when analyzing carbon dating results?
Determine Latitude and Longitude without a GPS
Is there any simple way of using the Coriolis effect to determine what hemisphere you are in?
How is carbon distributed among the atmosphere, the oceans, the biomass and the unburnt fossil fuels?
Are there any metal anomalies other than iridium in the K-Pg boundary?
Where can I find a table of ocean temperature pressure and depth
Can concretions form in non-sedimentary rocks?
Why does a subduction zone produce a serpentinization diapir rather than volcanism?
How is global weather model skill measured?
What are the formula weight and gram-formula unit (gfu)?
Turbidity/clarity vs optical depth
Pressure of condensation of an air parcel
Can we really travel through earth&#39;s core?
Measuring bed dip angle from contour lines, which lines to pick?
What geological processes affect the speed of Kilauea, Hawaiian lava flows?
Would it be wise to monitor real time human activity to anticipate earthquakes?
What evidence is there linking melting ice caps and changes in tectonic movement?
How to calculate relative humidity?
If 75% of radioactive material remains, how many half-lives have elapsed?
How do urban areas affect rain?
What are the causes of lower UV radiation at lower elevations?
How can I find a large petrology dataset?
What determines how fast clouds move?
How do seismologists locate the epicenter and focus of an earthquake?
What properties must a rocky body possess in order to exhibit the magnetic dynamo?
Obtaining hourly weather data, including direct and diffuse insolation
Why is Montana warmer than Wyoming?
Successful Earthquake predictions
What is hydraulic diffusivity?
What are the geological mechanisms for sea floor spreading in the Bismarck Sea?
How do hybrid cars reduce carbon emissions (wouldn&#39;t they just transfer fuel emissions to electricity consumption?)
How do you use the streckeisen (QAPF) classification ternary diagram to identify igneous rocks based on chemical rock composition?
Break in human nitrogen input in 1990s
Standardized scale for coastline length or mapping in general?
What are these &quot;ship wrecks&quot; (pictured) in the old volcano crater?
What is the total Earth&#39;s interior energy budget?
Is the Younger Dryas associated with an extinction event?
Could the extraction of energy by wind turbines be harmful to the environment?
How do I interpret the specs of a weather balloon?
Iowa State GOES Visible Data - misaligned EPSG:4326
Equatorial Bulge and Tectonic Plates
Why is there a line of volcanoes along the northwest coast of North America?
What causes intra-plate faults, such as the New Madrid fault?
Why do tectonic plates have a tendency to drift closer to the equator?
Is it known what determines the rate with which plate tectonics occur?
What properties must a rocky body possess in order to exhibit plate tectonics?
What would the precursors to a repeated Lake Toba super eruption?
How can odor travel be tracked
How much silicon is in the Earth&#39;s core, and how did it get there?
Correlating the Caledonian and Appalachian Orogenies
To what accuracy and precision do we know the volume of the Earth?
Sea breeze - magnitude of horizontal pressure gradient?
How good were climate models of the 1990s at predicting the global temperature trends of the 2000s/2010s?
Geomorphology of Mountains With Wind only Erosion
How do you calculate the depth of penetration in a Schlumberger array?
Resources to determine temperature probability for a given location on a given date
Given the well known effects of the inverse turbulence cascade for 2D flow, does it make sense to use grid resolutions that resolve turbulence?
What tectonic mechanisms cause the North and South Islands of New Zealand to be so geologically different?
What causes &quot;shallow&quot; moonquakes?
Barite and Acantharians
What is a typical value of the P&#233;clet number for internal waves?
What are the factors that dictate a given topology for seismometer placement around a volcano?
Equinoxes and solstices: start of the season or mid-season?
Odd structures in 66 year NCEP daily temperature reanalysis
How long does it take for the ocean conveyor to circulate?
What does it mean for waves to &quot;feel&quot; the bottom?
Is it possible to forecast ocean salinity 100 years into the future?
How accurately can explosions be triangulated from the IRIS seismogram data?
How is ocean heat content measured?
What is this Cape Breton rock?
coriolis force in atmospheric/ocean modeling
Is Atlanta too far inland and too far above sea level to be affected by the comet in &quot;Deep Impact&quot;?
What happens to sea level when a ship sinks?
How long does one touch on a stalagmite/stalactite lasts?
Are there secondary causes of sea level change?
Where and how can seismic data for earthquakes and volcanoes be downloaded?
Paleogene transantarctic seaway
Peak phosphorus - what are the sinks?
Use of Neodymium in Paleoceanography
Great Lakes - cookie cutter clouds
What kind of coal did I find?
How can I identify this rock?
What is this rock?
Regarding forest fire season and using robotic devices for proactive efforts before any fires
How much energy is needed to alter the path of a hurricane?
GOES Visible Channel - asymmetry between morning and afternoon
How many percent of volcanoes are glaciated?
How is heat transferred from the core through the mantle to the crust?
Why are alpine river water green - blue?
How long does it take to form amber?
Princples of process (systems) based modeling
Slope of Saturation vapor pressure versus temperature-A parameter in Penman&#39;s equation
How can the following equations for meandering rivers be theoretically obtained?
How much fossil fuel came from the Carboniferous?
Is the atmosphere becoming thicker?
How was the Marinoan Glaciation triggered?
Hypothetically, what would happen to the earth if a large hole was drilled through the center?
What&#39;s the contribution of different types of river sources?
What happens to the higher frequency content of the tremors associated with a volcanic eruption?
How did this rock dome (pictured) form?
Zeolites, odor control, and the witchcraft of sunlight
Does Contwoyto Lake empty into both Bathurst Inlet and Chantrey Inlet?
What is the difference between a geologist and a geophysicist?
Paleogeographic atlas software
How could humans alter storm intensity or direction other than cloud seeding?
Why is a layer of the subsoil so dark on this construction site?
Impossible or improbable? Hurricane crossing the equator
Why are titanium oxides lumped in with magnetite for the purposes of analyzing water bubble nucleation?
What are Tetens coefficients?
Are there any general-purpose climate-model coupling projects?
Are there measurement techniques that can help determine the exact geometry of a volcanic vent?
Interpretation of a seismogram (three components)
What are the causes of the supercontinent cycle?
Relation between fault rupture aspect ratio and slip rate?
How much does ocean cover percentage change between glacial periods?
Is the cause of Old Faithful&#39;s bimodal distribution for eruption times straightforward?
How will the rising ocean affect aquatic life?
Why do Euler poles for plate motions not stay fixed in time?
July/August hottest months (northern hemisphere): because of continued warming or other effects?
Epicenter location of the 900-930 A.D.,7.4 Magnitude Seattle Earthquake?
What exactly is wind velocity
How does soil redox potential affect the rate of denitrification?
How are organic walled microfossils preserved in the fossil record?
Generic pedo-transfer functions to compute field capacity and wilting point from sand/silt/clay?
How do I convert specific humidity to relative humidity?
Alternatives to Plant Functional Types as parametrisations in land surface models?
Is there any link between sea-water inflitration into groundwater and nitrate?
Why do rainbows appear to have a fixed structure?
Circum polar regions in Interglacial periods
Probability distribution of fault throw displacement and height limiting mechanisms
What geophysical events can (temporarily) increase the Earth&#39;s rate of rotation?
When can taste be used to help identify rocks?
How to measure stretching direction on chocolate-tablet boudins?
Why does the Northern polar vortex usually have two centers?
How to estimate dispersion in stratified flows
What determines the differences in results between various weather models?
How can you explain this storm phenomenon?
Is there an earth science discipline, or subdiscipline, that only studies magma or lava?
How are the patterns in solid rock born
How does the sand appear on Hawaiian beaches
What is a source of worldwide temperature data that also includes extreme weather?
Why do some places have rain frequently?
Do fluctuations in radioactive isotope decay rates affect carbon dating techniques?
What geological processes can cause local biases in the fossil record?
How is the mass of the Earth determined?
Geometrical differences of subduction zones
How long did it take for Earth&#39;s magnetic field to first appear?
What determines a mineral&#39;s hardness?
North Indian ocean tropical cyclones
Am I observing orographic rainfall?
Is heavier bodies fall faster than lighter ones
Are there significant amounts of rare earth elements on Iceland?
Why is there Uranium in Earth&#39;s Crust?
Formation of limestone without living organisms?
What is the reasoning behind the statement &quot;Faulting will occur along the plane where the shear stress is the highest&quot;?
Interpolating spatial data in contiguous sea areas only
How will climate change affect the latitudinal distribution of precipitation over each latitudinal region?
Temperature as a function of luminosity and greenhouse gas concentrations
What is the name of these crystals?
Will model resolution have an effect on model spin-up time?
Propagation of sound after lightning
How are jet streaks formed?
Why is the eastern Pacific full of stratocumulus clouds, and why do they have so much variation in net radiation?
What would the geology and climate of a supposed landmass near the pole be like, assuming a thoroughly warmer planet?
What can I use as a heatproof, non-magnetic glue for samples?
Is Mount Everest currently getting higher or lower every year?
How is the Rossby Radius used to determine that synoptic weather systems are 1000-2000km across?
What data does a skilled meteorologist look at to predict thunderstorms?
Is soil a renewable resource?
How would a Mars rover identify a microbialite fossil?
Why is there no middle ground between tornadoes and hurricanes?
Why does helium-3 stay in the moon and not escape from it?
How bad is a &quot;bad&quot; oil spill?
Is there a reliable way to identify regions with negatively-correlated winds?
How has the relative ratio of igneous, sedimentary, and metamorphic rocks changed over Earth&#39;s history?
Why is there no High-Resolution Infrared Radiation Sounder (HIRS) on Metop-C?
How to determine how long ago a rock was broken?
How does the amount of mass in an atmosphere affect the seasonal changes and dynamics of the planet&#39;s climate?
Is there a convenient place to get vertical wind shear info for my location?
Are ice-ages dependent on an un-equal distribution of land-masses?
Natural nuclear explosions
Is the urban heat island effect stronger during a particular season or part of the year?
How does the precession of the Earth&#39;s apses affect climate?
Do river fluxes help contribute to long-term carbon sequestration?
Estimate litter production
If there&#39;s acid rain, is there such thing as acid snow?
Are there any studies comparing different climate models on how well they&#39;ve forecasted the climate in the past?
How can I downscale daily values of relative humidity?
What is the &#39;natural variation&#39; in global temperature that many skeptics mention?
Percentage of dry land surface with sea level elevation lower than 1 km
How is the radiative efficiency of a given gas (like a given CFC) analytically calculated?
How do mesoscale eddies in the ocean transport heat between different layers of the ocean?
Does over-cropping large areas really change the amount of rainfall?
If all the sand in the Saharan Desert were to be removed, what would the remaining landscape look like?
What are some proxies for ocean temperatures/heat?
How do tropopause folds form and do they have any impact on synoptic scale weather?
Is there a way to find the direction to land in the middle of an ocean?
Who are the 3% in the often cited &quot;97% of climate scientists&quot;?
Why does Mars&#39; experience an &#39;ice age&#39; at high axis obliquity, when Earth experiences an ice age at low axis obliquity
Determining a rock age using volcanic ash layer
Question about earthquake data attribute codes
Winds in a northern hemisphere hurricane
What are the implications of the recent discovery that huge oceans exist close to the mantle of the Earth?
Are the elements of an averaging kernel matrix always centered on the diagonal, or can they be exclusively off-diagonal in rare cases?
P wave to S wave conversion
How are the thickness of ice sheets from previous glaciation periods determined?
what are the ground motion prediction equations for 3-D ruptures?
Argument for designing an ocean monitoring network based on satellite-derived chlorophyll-a concentration?
Why is the Ring of Fire there?
If it rains harder, does it mean the rain&#39;s duration will be shorter?
Is the epicenter always directly above the hypocenter?
What is a fault?
Historically, how has the fraction of Earth covered by water changed?
Is it right practice to validate temperature data with reanalysis data?
How do I derive the formula for lithostatic (overburden) pressure?
What tidal databases are available to be used as model boundary conditions?
What does it mean when the depth of earthquakes get near the surface over a period of time?
Where can I get archived hourly temperature data?
What causes the Earth to have magnetic poles?
How common is it for warm fronts to be responsible for record high temperatures?
What are the guidelines for constructing variable names that follow CF conventions?
What kind of minerals have no cleavage plane?
Why does halite have perfect cleavage at the (110) plane?
Identifying sedimentary rocks in hand specimen
How are minor tributaries of a river determined?
Can we predict which annular modes existed during the time of Pangaea?
Why are weather kites no longer used (much) operationally?
How do I explain why the Tibetan plateau is colder than lowlands at similar latitudes?
Life on Earth previous to us
How do meteorologists grade their past forecasts?
Why are there no crystals with 5-fold symmetry?
What is the range of possible atmospheric pressures on the surface of the Earth?
What&#39;s the geological period of the birth of the river Ganges?
Are sandstorms like regular storms?
Is it true that &quot;[sand] grains in the Coconino Sandstone come from the Appalachian Mountains&quot;?
What is a massif and what differentiates it from other types of mountains?
How long does it take for the atmosphere to mix?
In what sense did the Oklo reactor &quot;trap&quot; its own nuclear waste?
How to perform precipitation data analysis?
How can I tell if a rock is really petrified wood?
Can thunderstorms be thought of as a heat engine?
Are there any techniques for imaging the deep Earth besides seismic waves?
Why is Europe warmer than North America at similar latitudes?
What is the significance of the Vertical integral of northward kinetic energy flux?
Do tornadoes serve as significant sources of heat transport?
How much heat do hurricanes transport from equatorial to more polar latitudes, and from ocean to atmosphere?
Why does the so called &quot;tornado alley&quot; exist?
What are the scientific consequences of the lost of the Nereus submersible?
When a tectonic plate subducts, does any of the subducted material melt, or is it just the mantle above the subducted slab that melts?
Why does the wind periodically change direction?
Earth Science Search Engine
Why do tropical cyclones not tear themselves apart?
What is the difference between a high-resolution model and a regular model run?
Why do snowflakes form into hexagonal structures?
Why is colored seismic inversion called &#39;colored&#39;?
How do we measure (or empirically calculate) the amount of entropy in the atmosphere and oceans?
How much cheaper is it to mount oceanographic sensors on elephant seals and other animals, compared using Argo floats and other abiotic sensors?
Sediment layer chronology
How much is Iceland/Norway/Western Europe warmed up by the Meriodional Overturning Circulation?
Why would a suite of related rocks have one anomalous sample?
What evidence is there that plant evolutionary history &quot;dances to a different beat&quot; than that of animals?
Is there any correlation between La Ni&#241;a/El Ni&#241;o and seismic activity?
What would a replacement for SEGY look like?
What&#39;s the difference between the upper &amp; lower mantle?
Is seismology really the only way to measure the thickness of Earth&#39;s layers?
Will tropical cyclones form and be sustained in areas they previously were not due to global climate change?
What is &quot;qflux&quot; and why is it important for climate models?
Is the poleward migration of the maximum intensity of cyclones a result of tropical expansion or are there some other contributing factors?
Model types: Robust diagnostic versus prognostic
Why are methane spectroscopic parameters harder to determine and relatively poorly known, compared to other Earth trace gases?
Why do Earth and Venus have different atmospheres?
Where does the biggest land-based ice cap reside?
Project Mogul: Does upper atmosphere indeed have a sound waveguide channel?
Why do Tsunamis travel slower than sound?
Are there situations where the groundwater table doesn&#39;t follow the morphology of the surface?
How do we determine subsurface composition?
Is the Arctic sea ice volume increasing?
Why does the meridional overturning circulation take the convoluted path that it takes?
Why are some theories as to the cause of glacation less popular among the scientific community?
What determines the eastward speed that mid-latitude high pressure/low pressure systems move at?
Are there more earthquakes near the equator or poles?
Measurement of groundwater levels
How to determine the transmissivity of a system of rocks and faults from the stationary drawdown pattern?
Is it possible to find the magma chambers that produce supervolcanos?
What is the status of the Raymo &amp; Ruddiman idea that Tibet cooled the Earth?
What definition of &quot;seamount&quot; is used by the largest utilised databases of seamounts?
What is the tallest fully underwater seamount in the world?
What is a seamount?
What are some options for online and offline particle tracking in ocean models?
Why does El Ni&#241;o only exist in the Pacific Ocean and not the Atlantic/Indian Oceans?
Can mining trigger earthquakes?
What geophysical instruments should I use to detect water without drilling?
Did the impact event that caused the Chicxulub-Crater definitively and single-handedly cause the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction?
How accurate are climate proxies in giving us a clear picture of global average temperatures throughout Earth history?
Can the clouds on Venus and Titan be categorized in the same way as clouds on Earth?
Is this graph showing the average temperature on Earth going back millions of years accurate?
What, if any, scientific value do global soundscapes have?
Why is the Atlantic Hurricane Season defined as being between June 1 and November 30?
What constitutes a blizzard in meterological terms?
What do weather forecasters mean when they say &quot;50% chance of rain&quot;?
What is the motivation of using the Enhanced Fujita Scale in place of the Fujita Scale?
What is the difference between a &quot;flood&quot; and a &quot;flash flood&quot;?
Is a billion years of Earth&#39;s history missing?
Is it true that a butterfly flapping its wings can result in a tornado in a distant location?
Is Earth an organism?
Why do more tornadoes happen late in the day?
Formation of flint &amp; chert in limestones/chalk
Does Earth&#39;s air leak into space over time?
What Keeps the Earth Cooking?
What causes bottom water to rise?
Cloud-to-ground lightning in Florida?
How to interpret the use of late and early Tertiary from older literature?
Recharge a dry aquifer?
Can large (and wet) storms really trigger large magnitude Earthquakes?
How do scientists determine the absolute or &#39;chronometric&#39; date of fossils?
Is there a piece of upside down foreign crust in the USA?
Do ringwoodite minerals point to an &quot;ocean&#39;s worth&quot; of water, or a true subterranean ocean?
How do we know graptolites were pelagic?
Transfer precipitation forecast in mm to expected snowfall in cm
Is the majority of Earth not unique?
Can overshooting tops enter the stratosphere, or will they rather push the tropopause upward?
Do seismic travel times from one location to another differ based on factors other than distance?
Why does Earth&#39;s outer-core rotate in the opposite direction to the inner-core?
Why is the inside of the Earth so hot?
Are clouds significantly easier to simulate in weather models than climate models?
How long to melt all the polar ice?
How does the lapse rate in clouds compare with the lapse rate of air?
Why are most cirrus clouds present over the equator and over tropical continents?
Why does the rising of high clouds due to climate change impart positive radiative feedback on radiative forcing?
What are the domains of Earth Science?
What is the furthest observable phenomenon from Earth that is Earth Science?
Why is there a daily inequality for low tides?
What is the cause of the jet streams?
Why is the troposphere 8km higher at the equator than the poles?
What caused the Cretaceous uplift of the Harz mountains (Germany)
A good book or source for climate science and meteorology basics?
Why does volcanic dust pose such a hazard to air travel?
Why did the Laki eruption of 1783 produce so much fluorine?
How much will sea level rise if all the polar ice melts?
How much of the current global warming is due to human influence?
What is the current theory about the formation of Tibet?
Lab procedure for analyzing/assessing the presence of semi-volatile solids
How can the &#39;abiogenic oil&#39; hypothesis be disproven?
Why is earth not a sphere?
Are mantle plumes distributed around the core randomly or in a known pattern?
How far from basalt bedrock can magnetometic survey find archaeological features?
How deep was the Vredefort Crater when it happened?
Are there any quantities defined analogically to the virtual temperature, but for other gases?
Is there a database of the geologic/stratigraphic units of France?
Is global warming occuring only because of humans?
Why do those glaciers form on the lee side of the mountains?
What is a good definition of the word &quot;rock&quot; for teaching?
Bifurcation Scenarios in the Atmosphere
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core solid?
What is the concentration of silver in tap or freshwater in the United kingdom
How do we know that we are NOT in an &quot;Ice Age?&quot;
How do Rossby Waves in the ocean form?
How does heat get transported between the surface layer, twilight zone, and the deep ocean?
How is ocean salinity measured from space?
Why does the meandering pattern of the jet stream itself propagate?
Characterizing earthquakes using accelerometer data
Why do we recycle paper?
What are Horton&#39;s laws?
Is Iceland really an example of a hot-spot overlying a mantle plume?
What are some of the strongest theories against the existence of mantle plumes?
How do mantle plumes travel from the core of Earth to the crust?
Incised valleys and hydrocarbon potential
What is the distance between 2 cities?
Sources of $\ce{CO_2}$ during Carboniferous period
Climate zone classification using the Holdridge method
Ratio between heat transfer coefficient and thermal conductivity
Why does sea level correspond to boundary between oceanic and continental crust?
Where can I find solar radiation data for specific land areas?
Does within-canopy wind direction correlate with wind above the planetary bounday layer?
What is the difference between roughness length and zero plane displacement?
Using sodium chloride load as a point source pollutant variable in SWAT model?
What type of clouds are these?
Climate on an Earth without an Axial Tilt
What is the life-cycle of agricultural water used to grow crops/animals?
Why are oceanic plates denser than continental plates?
Why does Aragonite form in one case and an acetate in another?
What would happen if we removed Earth&#39;s moon?
Dependence of solar irradiation through the atmosphere on Sun&#39;s altitude
Does volcanic activity fluctuate?
Deciphering NCDC data
How reliable were early measurements of palaeomagnetic directions?
The Role of the Antarctic Circumpolar Vortex &amp; Ocean Current in Keeping Antarctica Frozen
Is it possible to see Auroras from the equatorial region?
What will happen to me if I touch the aurora?
How does Antarctica stay frozen?
CDL File Questions
What is the earliest tropical cyclone in record?
Why does phosphate rock contain uranium?
What, if any, paleoclimate data can be derived from igneous rocks?
(How long) would Earth&#39;s atmosphere last without a global magnetic field?
Did a crater cause the break up of Gondwanaland &amp; separate Australia from Antarctica
Has the number of natural disasters per year increased significantly in the years since human-caused climate change started?
vegetation types and their required or suitable climate condition
What would the equilibrium temperature be at the poles in a world without seasonality?
Why does part of the P-wave convert into a S-wave with an increase of incidence angle?
A faster way to measure the rock magnetic S-ratio?
Earth ocean basins
Is there anywhere on Earth *without* a rain shadow where we would otherwise expect one?
How has and how does the lithosphere affect climate change?
How can we guess the size of the Earth&#39;s inner core(and what it&#39;s made of)?
Did an impact crater influence the formation of uranium deposits in South Australia?
Thermohaline Circulation in the Oceans
What causes the semi-annual mesospheric meteoric potassium variability?
What is the geochemical origin of carbon dioxide with the &#39;white smokers&#39; of the Champagne Vent?
What sort of climate zones would be present if Earth was tilted like Uranus?
How would weather change on a tidally-locked terrestrial planet?
Why did people draw so many continuous squares in the sand on the beach at Cape Juby?
Why is there a seasonal cycle to the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere?
What are the tallest hydrothermal vents in the world?
Why do greenhouse gases affect ocean temp so much?
What causes the &#39;calm before the storm&#39;?
How will climate change affect the extent of the Sahara Desert?
How is equilibrium of 21% of oxygen in atmosphere established?
Why does Australia have extensive uranium ore deposits?
Why do Volcanoes give out so much Sulphur Dioxide and Carbon Dioxide?
Was volcanic activity more prevalent when the dinosaurs roamed?
Why does Volcano Lightning occur?
What ozone depleting chemicals can salt produce?
The differences in gases produced by asteroids impacting crystalline and sedimentary rocks
Did Jupiter really make Earth (in)habitable?
Software for sediment transport modeling
Did an impact crater cause the formation of the gas fields in north eastern South Australia
How do we convert the seismic trace wavelet to zero phase which is in mixed phase?
Can The UK Be Powered Practically By 100% Renewables?
When calculating flood recurrence intervals, do you use annual instantaneous peak flows?
What was the first rock in the rock cycle?
How to determine the number of bytes in the SEGD Revision 1 interblock gap
Sea Surface Height Data
Rock Cycle Recreation
Vortices in the Atmosphere Sustained only by PGF
Minimum sea-level pressure and maximum wind speed intensity relationship in Hurricane Katrina (2005)
Does bathymetry affect ocean topography/height?
Would life on Earth survive without the Sun?
Cell Size of Salt Pan Tessellations
Paleontology science fair ideas?
Why do most opal deposits occur in Australia?
What causes the different colours of the salt pits in the Saloum Delta in Senegal
About meddies: what are they? How do they form? How are they maintained?
Placement of crustal thickness estimation from 1D inversion of surface wave dispersion curves
How do I find the volume of ocean between any two layers of ocean depth?
What is the appropriate vertical datum to use globally?
How to interpret hourly precipitation forecast?
Optimized interpolation method with fixed-location sample data points?
What causes the entrainment of atmospheric gases towards a volcanic ash/tephra plume?
Locating Missing Airplanes using Remote-Sensing Satellites
The spiraling cyclone track - Cyclone Nathan
Has a reduction in car use ever had an effect on the ozone layer?
How to determine if this fault is normal, sinistral?
What started the Dust Bowl, and could it happen again?
Underwater rock conduit
Is there a standard definition of a &quot;dry-down&quot; event in hydrology?
What type of sparking stone could this be?
Why is phase rotation needed to produce the colored inversion operator?
Why can Thomsen&#39;s parameter $\epsilon$ be negative in VTI media?
What is a Geophysical Model Function (GMF)?
What impact on climate did 2011 earthquake and tsunami have?
Magma resultant from group 1 and group 2 elements?
How do I prepare for the International Earth Science Olympiad?
Is wave spectrum always positive and why?
Is there a correlation between hot springs and earthquakes?
How to compute the earthquake occurrence probability under ETAS model
What caused a measurable patch of Mt. St. Helens&#39; ash to be deposited across Oklahoma?
Why is March colder than September in Northern Hemisphere?
Water veins underground causing health problems
How do weather models work?
How does the Sun heat the Earth?
Source of water for the Great Artesian Basin in Australia
Predicting school closures with historical weather prediction data?
Why don&#39;t scientists use fire entry suits to study volcanoes?
When will the Final Ice Age happen?
Why is seawater saline?
How important is Sahara dust for the Amazon?
Why does lightning strike from the ground-up?
Change in weight since the time of the dinosaurs
How are the banded-iron-formation iron-ores formed?
How to measure the cycles of earth moving/rotation?
Do different lavas have different volcanic volatiles associated with them?
Weak flashes of light in the sky
What was the Amazon like during Green Sahara?
What causes &#39;positive&#39; lightning to be rarer, higher charged, and longer lasting than &#39;negative&#39; lightning?
What caused the high temperatures that resulted in the Cretaceous aged komatiite lavas of Gorgona Island, Colombia?
The different types of plagioclase
Why does Earth have abundant oxygen in the atmosphere?
Does the Great Pacific Garbage Patch increase sedimentation rates over the patch?
Why do the Siberian methane craters have smooth vertical walls?
Where can obsidian be found?
Why would volcano eruption cause cardiac arrest?
What are these lake-like blue patches in the desert, visible in satellite image?
What causes these banded clouds?
Fine particulate matter - Why the lack of attention? What can be done to tackle it?
Why do gold deposits form only in certain areas of the earth?
Why deep ocean didn&#39;t freeze during snowball Earth?
Are the processes of the rock cycle currently in dynamic equilibrium?
How does a meandering river form?
Two severe cyclones connected by a monsoonal trough
Why do some planets have lots of $\mathrm{N_2}$ and others none?
What is the status of meteorological data exchange standards?
Current consensus on the Messinian Salinity Crisis
How does the meridional overturning circulation affect sedimentation rates in the North Atlantic?
Why are there no hurricanes in the southern Atlantic basin?
Why was the initial theory of plate tectonics so controversial?
Is a San Andreas volcano possible?
Relationship between atmospheric density and atmospheric pressure?
How much has the total transport of the Antarctic Circumpolar Current changed over time?
What would be the first thing which will render the Earth uninhabitable?
Why do tropical cyclones around Australia have erratic paths?
What atmospheric radiative effects, if any, do contrails cause?
Climatology of the Indian Summer Monsoon - A modern consensus
What caused a fall in atmospheric oxygen about 1.9 billion years ago?
Ice Coverage on the Laurentian Great Lakes
What is the area with the largest velocity vertical shear in the ocean?
Will the Southern Ocean act as a net source or sink for atmospheric $\ce{CO2}$ in the future?
Sand on the beaches of Kanyakumari, India
How can the average coldest day of the year be before the winter solstice?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core made of an iron-nickel alloy?
Academic but accessible defense of the scientific understanding of anthropogenic climate change?
Converting glacier volume to mass: what ice density to use?
Numerical weather forecasting - resources for a programmer?
Distance to epicenter vs distance to focus
How to get cell indices from latitude and longitude in WRF model grids?
Are there any geological periods found on top of each other that have dinosaurs of that period with in them?
What reflects UV radiation more: stratus clouds or cumulus clouds?
converting SU file to ASCII format in seismic unix using OpenSeaSeis
The climatological variance of albedo, soil moisture in weather models
What geological processes would &#39;restart&#39; subduction processes?
What is the oldest sediment?
Predicting volcanic eruptions by experimentally proven volatile outgassing observations
How and why do these tree-like river structures form?
How did sand dunes appear in the midst of a fertile region?
TRMM rainfall measurement for synoptic systems
During the &quot;Ice Ages&quot; or &quot;Snowball Earth&quot; times, where was all the energy?
Is there a name for this type of ice crystal?
What does geochemical data tell us about Earth&#39;s earliest palaeoclimatic conditions?
Is there a difference between rock and stone?
Database of geological group or formation exposures?
Minimum flow duration curves
Does earth&#39;s size affect the temperature of the poles?
What is the origin of the Laacher See caldera magma in Germany?
What is this strange feature on Mars in Valles Marineris
Which places on Earth would be affected the least by severe climate change?
Does the Strength of Earth&#39;s Magnetic Field Influence Climate?
How are critical loads of nitrogen deposition on eco-regions determined?
Why Vp/Vs and not Vs/Vp?
How Mauna Loa $\ce{CO2}$ monthly trends are computed?
How do Kelvin waves determine surface temperature variations?
Bulk and dynamic viscosity in the atmosphere
Is it possible for rivers to freeze completely and stop flowing?
How was the Earth formed?
Earthquake probabilities
Canadian equivalent to AMLIS database?
What is the geochemical source for the helium detected in deep Arctic explosive eruptions?
Shallow water height as vertical coordinate
Mega-tsunami, what is the greatest possible height of a tsunami?
How much of earth&#39;s molecular oxygen in the atmosphere is due to plants?
Average Aragonite:Calcite ratio in biogenic CaCO3 in the oceans
What is the mechanism for deep-sea volcanism of the Gakkel Ridge in the Arctic?
What are the advantages in looking at an OLR map versus looking at IR satellite imagery?
Why is there a bend in the Lomonosov Ridge?
Will global climate change alter the interannual and/or intraseasonal variance of temperature and/or precipitation?
What is the tectonic explanation for parallel ridges in the Arctic Ocean?
Calculating the displacement of a fault
Does temperature affect partial pressure of gas dissolved in water?
How do we use oxygen isotopes as temperature proxy?
What tools allow a quick comparison of NetCDF output from ocean models?
Does the gravitational pull of the moon affect the composition of Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Fictional Land - How can I keep dense fog in an area for half a day?
Where does the water from rain in rain forests come from?
Sudden Localized Surface Water Temperature Increase In Eastern Lake Superior, Canada
Negative values of relative humidity in CFSR
Is earthquake prediction possible?
Why does the Inter tropical Convergence Zone shift?
What is the name of this feature on the Red Sea coast of Saudi Arabia?
What type of storm cloud is this?
How has river to ocean flux changed over the last 500 million years?
Is it possible for a natural fluorescent mineral to glow from the sun&#39;s rays?
Which theory is stronger, that iron came from outside or was formed within earth?
Is there an estimate for the length of the American Cordillera?
Does vegetation contribute to long-term carbon sequestration?
Acidity of rock
How important is understanding linear algebra in groundwater modeling?
How will increased $\ce{CO2}$ affect forests and other vegetative areas?
Do other terrestrial planets have &quot;earthquakes&quot;?
About Earthquakes and their properties
Deuterium-less oceans
Is Antarctic sea ice at record levels?
Nuclear testing and the Anthropocene, a chemostratigraphic link?
Is there a database of global rainfall time series?
NASA GLAS Lidar Data Format
Active rifting in Antarctica?
Is there conclusive evidence for the Antarctic Circumpolar Current developing after the glaciation of Antarctica?
How much would the Greenland landmass isostatic rebound contribute to long term climate change?
Is it possible for a sting jet to form over a continental landmass?
What are the applications of hydrostatic solvers vs non-hydrostatic solvers in numerical weather prediction?
How strong can a glacial icequake get?
Is it possible to create an enclosed manmade weather system?
Snow from Fire: Could graupel, or even snow, fall from pyrocumulus clouds?
The relationship between specific discharge and flux
Similarities between grand circulation solvers and mantle convection solvers
How isotropic is the Earth&#39;s inner core boundary?
Why does El Ni&#241;o enhance the jet stream?
What factors affect the size of rain shadows?
Where does the symmetry of cloudy bands come from?
How significant is a 5-10 mb drop in pressure over a 20 minute period?
Can climate models reliably predict meteorological extremes?
What is the methodology to analyze future climatic extremes using the results of climate models?
Pressure as a function of altitude above 11 km
About moving ice bergs northwards to slow down all the melting a tiny bit. ( Clearing away navigation hazards is a side effect of this.)
Are Richter-magnitude 10 earthquakes possible?
Stability correction factor in the Wavewatch III wave model
Alpine schistosity
What is the lowest latitude at which snow has been recorded at sea level?
What are the criteria that make a planet (in)habitable?
What geophysical knowledge have we learned by the construction of IceCube?
Is there any consensus of what caused the Lusi Mud Volcano eruptions in Indonesia?
Dry atmospheric temperature profile (dry adiabatic vs. isothermal)
How would an icicle &quot;grow&quot; upwards?
Are cloudy night warmer than nights without clouds?
About the effectiveness of sand-bags
How stable is the Gulf Stream? Could it stop suddenly?
Should total ground heat flux be 0?
Is there value in using a model that fails at validation against measurements?
What is Geoalchemy?
How much do anthropogenic carbon aerosols (soot) affect the atmospheric radiation budget?
How to Calculate the Equilibrum Function for use in Tide Calculations using Harmonic Constituents
Differences between hydrothermal vents on Earth and Europa
How does a &#39;fire tornado&#39; form?
Is Mars&#39; mantle homogeneous or heterogeneous and what might this say about mantle convection?
What is the age of the Gamburtsev Mountains?
Is it true that distance between earth and sun is closer in winter season (January) and farther in summer season in the Northern Hemisphere?
Width of strata in stratigraphic column
Why is my ♦ hammer (i.e. diamond) so durable, but it can burn?
Where does the lithium in Salar de Uyuni comes from?
Did global warming cause the extreme cold 2013-14 winter in North America?
What is the long term impact of large scale removal of material from subterraneal caches on the structural integrity of the soil?
Is the temperature (even a bit) warmer in a forest?
What does the absence of passive margins between 1740-1600 million years ago tell us about the tectonic environment at that time?
Pyroclastic flow protection
When did/will peak conventional oil happen?
What are monsoons caused by?
Color of ocean waters and Ekman pumping - what is the connection?
Intuitive explanation of precipitation amount
Oceanic-atmospheric coupling between the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean basins
Noctilucent clouds and anthropogenic climate change
How deep is the permafrost in the Antarctic?
Strangely bright morning twilight over Switzerland
Statistical weather prediction
What precursor geological activity occurred prior to the Par&#237;cutin Volcano eruption in 1943?
Is it theoretically possible to artificially create amber?
What evidence is there for geological mechanisms that formed the Siberian traps flood basalt?
Relation between direction of shear and cyclone formation
What is the predictability of El Ni&#241;o/La Ni&#241;a?
How do perennial rivers in high alpine areas maintain year round flows?
What&#39;s the partition coefficient (D) of Nb for apatite?
Regarding various types of atmospheric pollution
Extent of the Persian Gulf
Characterizing earthquakes using accelerometer data
Why do we recycle paper?
What are Horton&#39;s laws?
Is Iceland really an example of a hot-spot overlying a mantle plume?
What are some of the strongest theories against the existence of mantle plumes?
How do mantle plumes travel from the core of Earth to the crust?
Incised valleys and hydrocarbon potential
What is the distance between 2 cities?
Sources of $\ce{CO_2}$ during Carboniferous period
Climate zone classification using the Holdridge method
Ratio between heat transfer coefficient and thermal conductivity
Why does sea level correspond to boundary between oceanic and continental crust?
Where can I find solar radiation data for specific land areas?
Does within-canopy wind direction correlate with wind above the planetary bounday layer?
What is the difference between roughness length and zero plane displacement?
Using sodium chloride load as a point source pollutant variable in SWAT model?
What type of clouds are these?
Climate on an Earth without an Axial Tilt
What is the life-cycle of agricultural water used to grow crops/animals?
Why are oceanic plates denser than continental plates?
Why does Aragonite form in one case and an acetate in another?
What would happen if we removed Earth&#39;s moon?
Dependence of solar irradiation through the atmosphere on Sun&#39;s altitude
Does volcanic activity fluctuate?
Deciphering NCDC data
How reliable were early measurements of palaeomagnetic directions?
The Role of the Antarctic Circumpolar Vortex &amp; Ocean Current in Keeping Antarctica Frozen
Is it possible to see Auroras from the equatorial region?
What will happen to me if I touch the aurora?
How does Antarctica stay frozen?
CDL File Questions
What is the earliest tropical cyclone in record?
Why does phosphate rock contain uranium?
What, if any, paleoclimate data can be derived from igneous rocks?
(How long) would Earth&#39;s atmosphere last without a global magnetic field?
Did a crater cause the break up of Gondwanaland &amp; separate Australia from Antarctica
Has the number of natural disasters per year increased significantly in the years since human-caused climate change started?
vegetation types and their required or suitable climate condition
What would the equilibrium temperature be at the poles in a world without seasonality?
Why does part of the P-wave convert into a S-wave with an increase of incidence angle?
A faster way to measure the rock magnetic S-ratio?
Earth ocean basins
Is there anywhere on Earth *without* a rain shadow where we would otherwise expect one?
How has and how does the lithosphere affect climate change?
How can we guess the size of the Earth&#39;s inner core(and what it&#39;s made of)?
Did an impact crater influence the formation of uranium deposits in South Australia?
Thermohaline Circulation in the Oceans
What causes the semi-annual mesospheric meteoric potassium variability?
What is the geochemical origin of carbon dioxide with the &#39;white smokers&#39; of the Champagne Vent?
What sort of climate zones would be present if Earth was tilted like Uranus?
How would weather change on a tidally-locked terrestrial planet?
Why did people draw so many continuous squares in the sand on the beach at Cape Juby?
Why is there a seasonal cycle to the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere?
What are the tallest hydrothermal vents in the world?
Why do greenhouse gases affect ocean temp so much?
What causes the &#39;calm before the storm&#39;?
How will climate change affect the extent of the Sahara Desert?
How is equilibrium of 21% of oxygen in atmosphere established?
Why does Australia have extensive uranium ore deposits?
Why do Volcanoes give out so much Sulphur Dioxide and Carbon Dioxide?
Was volcanic activity more prevalent when the dinosaurs roamed?
Why does Volcano Lightning occur?
What ozone depleting chemicals can salt produce?
The differences in gases produced by asteroids impacting crystalline and sedimentary rocks
Did Jupiter really make Earth (in)habitable?
Software for sediment transport modeling
Did an impact crater cause the formation of the gas fields in north eastern South Australia
How do we convert the seismic trace wavelet to zero phase which is in mixed phase?
Can The UK Be Powered Practically By 100% Renewables?
When calculating flood recurrence intervals, do you use annual instantaneous peak flows?
What was the first rock in the rock cycle?
How to determine the number of bytes in the SEGD Revision 1 interblock gap
Sea Surface Height Data
Rock Cycle Recreation
Vortices in the Atmosphere Sustained only by PGF
Minimum sea-level pressure and maximum wind speed intensity relationship in Hurricane Katrina (2005)
Does bathymetry affect ocean topography/height?
Would life on Earth survive without the Sun?
Cell Size of Salt Pan Tessellations
Paleontology science fair ideas?
Why do most opal deposits occur in Australia?
What causes the different colours of the salt pits in the Saloum Delta in Senegal
About meddies: what are they? How do they form? How are they maintained?
Placement of crustal thickness estimation from 1D inversion of surface wave dispersion curves
How do I find the volume of ocean between any two layers of ocean depth?
What is the appropriate vertical datum to use globally?
How to interpret hourly precipitation forecast?
Optimized interpolation method with fixed-location sample data points?
What causes the entrainment of atmospheric gases towards a volcanic ash/tephra plume?
Locating Missing Airplanes using Remote-Sensing Satellites
The spiraling cyclone track - Cyclone Nathan
Has a reduction in car use ever had an effect on the ozone layer?
How to determine if this fault is normal, sinistral?
What started the Dust Bowl, and could it happen again?
Underwater rock conduit
Is there a standard definition of a &quot;dry-down&quot; event in hydrology?
What type of sparking stone could this be?
Why is phase rotation needed to produce the colored inversion operator?
Why can Thomsen&#39;s parameter $\epsilon$ be negative in VTI media?
What is a Geophysical Model Function (GMF)?
What impact on climate did 2011 earthquake and tsunami have?
Impossible or improbable? Hurricane crossing the equator
Why does lightning strike from the ground-up?
What started the Dust Bowl, and could it happen again?
(How long) would Earth&#39;s atmosphere last without a global magnetic field?
Similarities between grand circulation solvers and mantle convection solvers
Why do snowflakes form into hexagonal structures?
How much oil is created each year?
How would plate tectonics differ if Earth had no water?
Why does Coriolis determine the rotation direction of a cyclone but not my drain?
Are there any uncharted waters left on earth?
How is the mass of the Earth determined?
Why do the Siberian methane craters have smooth vertical walls?
How do we know the asteroids formed at the same time as earth?
What is the status of the Raymo &amp; Ruddiman idea that Tibet cooled the Earth?
Why is Earth&#39;s age given by dating meteorites rather than its own rocks?
How can the following equations for meandering rivers be theoretically obtained?
What would it take to confirm or refute the Snowball Earth Hypothesis?
Farthest point from the center of the Earth
How do weather models work?
Why is Europe warmer than North America at similar latitudes?
Estimating the permeability tensor of an oil field by remote sensing
What would be the temperature of earth if there was no atmosphere?
Is earthquake prediction possible?
How and why did the oceans form on Earth but not on other planets?
What causes &#39;positive&#39; lightning to be rarer, higher charged, and longer lasting than &#39;negative&#39; lightning?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core solid?
How much will sea level rise if all the polar ice melts?
Why does El Ni&#241;o only exist in the Pacific Ocean and not the Atlantic/Indian Oceans?
Are Richter-magnitude 10 earthquakes possible?
During the &quot;Ice Ages&quot; or &quot;Snowball Earth&quot; times, where was all the energy?
What are some of the strongest theories against the existence of mantle plumes?
Placement of crustal thickness estimation from 1D inversion of surface wave dispersion curves
Peak phosphorus - what are the sinks?
Would the Earth function the same spinning the other way?
Why do some planets have lots of $\mathrm{N_2}$ and others none?
How much have global GPP and biomass changed over Earth&#39;s history?
Equinoxes and solstices: start of the season or mid-season?
What sort of climate zones would be present if Earth was tilted like Uranus?
How would an icicle &quot;grow&quot; upwards?
Why was the initial theory of plate tectonics so controversial?
What do weather forecasters mean when they say &quot;50% chance of rain&quot;?
Is there any simple way of using the Coriolis effect to determine what hemisphere you are in?
What causes bottom water to rise?
How is ocean salinity measured from space?
Can pyroclastic flows cross water?
How are the banded-iron-formation iron-ores formed?
How to distinguish P, S, Love, and Rayleigh waves in a seismogram?
What is the steepest surface that can hold snow?
Where can obsidian be found?
How can the average coldest day of the year be before the winter solstice?
Is climate chaotic?
Is it true that a butterfly flapping its wings can result in a tornado in a distant location?
How is global weather model skill measured?
How can I improve the numerical stability of a coastal hydrodynamic model?
How can we guess the size of the Earth&#39;s inner core(and what it&#39;s made of)?
Will tropical cyclones form and be sustained in areas they previously were not due to global climate change?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core made of an iron-nickel alloy?
Does Earth&#39;s air leak into space over time?
Why do more tornadoes happen late in the day?
Is there any explanation for the large amount of sea ice around Antarctica in 2014?
Historically, how has the fraction of Earth covered by water changed?
What properties must a rocky body possess in order to exhibit plate tectonics?
Why is there a seasonal cycle to the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere?
What does it mean for waves to &quot;feel&quot; the bottom?
Could the extraction of energy by wind turbines be harmful to the environment?
What would be the first thing which will render the Earth uninhabitable?
Paleontology science fair ideas?
Why are weather kites no longer used (much) operationally?
Why did the Laki eruption of 1783 produce so much fluorine?
What tools allow a quick comparison of NetCDF output from ocean models?
What can we learn by studying lunar atmospheric tides?
How do tropopause folds form and do they have any impact on synoptic scale weather?
Why do tropical cyclones not tear themselves apart?
What are rare earths and why do they cluster near alkaline magmatism?
What is the cause of the jet streams?
Why do crystals, like quartz and diamonds, form in different colors?
Could earth&#39;s core lose its heat?
What caused the Younger Dryas cold event?
Why is Earth&#39;s outer-core liquid?
Is there geological evidence that the moon once collided with the Earth?
What are the applications of hydrostatic solvers vs non-hydrostatic solvers in numerical weather prediction?
Significant difference between averaged wind speeds and averaged wind power density, for wind generation modelling?
What was the Amazon like during Green Sahara?
What is the origin of the dominant atmospheric nitrogen content in Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Does vegetation contribute to long-term carbon sequestration?
How do we know that we are NOT in an &quot;Ice Age?&quot;
How much of the current global warming is due to human influence?
Can mining trigger earthquakes?
Is fracking likely to produce earthquakes?
Why does a subduction zone produce a serpentinization diapir rather than volcanism?
Why does the El Ni&#241;o Stop?
What causes intra-plate faults, such as the New Madrid fault?
What determines a mineral&#39;s hardness?
If 75% of radioactive material remains, how many half-lives have elapsed?
Is it possible for a sting jet to form over a continental landmass?
What are the physical upper bounds on the magnitude of an earthquake?
What geophysical events can (temporarily) increase the Earth&#39;s rate of rotation?
Natural nuclear explosions
What data does a skilled meteorologist look at to predict thunderstorms?
Why won&#39;t Yellowstone explode?
Impossible or improbable? Hurricane crossing the equator
Why does lightning strike from the ground-up?
What started the Dust Bowl, and could it happen again?
(How long) would Earth&#39;s atmosphere last without a global magnetic field?
Similarities between grand circulation solvers and mantle convection solvers
Why do snowflakes form into hexagonal structures?
How much oil is created each year?
How would plate tectonics differ if Earth had no water?
Why does Coriolis determine the rotation direction of a cyclone but not my drain?
Are there any uncharted waters left on earth?
How is the mass of the Earth determined?
Why do the Siberian methane craters have smooth vertical walls?
How do we know the asteroids formed at the same time as earth?
What is the status of the Raymo &amp; Ruddiman idea that Tibet cooled the Earth?
Why is Earth&#39;s age given by dating meteorites rather than its own rocks?
How can the following equations for meandering rivers be theoretically obtained?
What would it take to confirm or refute the Snowball Earth Hypothesis?
Farthest point from the center of the Earth
How do weather models work?
Why is Europe warmer than North America at similar latitudes?
Estimating the permeability tensor of an oil field by remote sensing
What would be the temperature of earth if there was no atmosphere?
Is earthquake prediction possible?
How and why did the oceans form on Earth but not on other planets?
What causes &#39;positive&#39; lightning to be rarer, higher charged, and longer lasting than &#39;negative&#39; lightning?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core solid?
How much will sea level rise if all the polar ice melts?
Why does El Ni&#241;o only exist in the Pacific Ocean and not the Atlantic/Indian Oceans?
Are Richter-magnitude 10 earthquakes possible?
During the &quot;Ice Ages&quot; or &quot;Snowball Earth&quot; times, where was all the energy?
What are some of the strongest theories against the existence of mantle plumes?
Placement of crustal thickness estimation from 1D inversion of surface wave dispersion curves
Peak phosphorus - what are the sinks?
Would the Earth function the same spinning the other way?
Why do some planets have lots of $\mathrm{N_2}$ and others none?
How much have global GPP and biomass changed over Earth&#39;s history?
Equinoxes and solstices: start of the season or mid-season?
What sort of climate zones would be present if Earth was tilted like Uranus?
How would an icicle &quot;grow&quot; upwards?
Why was the initial theory of plate tectonics so controversial?
What do weather forecasters mean when they say &quot;50% chance of rain&quot;?
Is there any simple way of using the Coriolis effect to determine what hemisphere you are in?
What causes bottom water to rise?
How is ocean salinity measured from space?
Can pyroclastic flows cross water?
How are the banded-iron-formation iron-ores formed?
How to distinguish P, S, Love, and Rayleigh waves in a seismogram?
What is the steepest surface that can hold snow?
Where can obsidian be found?
How can the average coldest day of the year be before the winter solstice?
Is climate chaotic?
Is it true that a butterfly flapping its wings can result in a tornado in a distant location?
How is global weather model skill measured?
How can I improve the numerical stability of a coastal hydrodynamic model?
How can we guess the size of the Earth&#39;s inner core(and what it&#39;s made of)?
Will tropical cyclones form and be sustained in areas they previously were not due to global climate change?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core made of an iron-nickel alloy?
Does Earth&#39;s air leak into space over time?
Why do more tornadoes happen late in the day?
Is there any explanation for the large amount of sea ice around Antarctica in 2014?
Historically, how has the fraction of Earth covered by water changed?
What properties must a rocky body possess in order to exhibit plate tectonics?
Why is there a seasonal cycle to the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere?
What does it mean for waves to &quot;feel&quot; the bottom?
Could the extraction of energy by wind turbines be harmful to the environment?
What would be the first thing which will render the Earth uninhabitable?
Paleontology science fair ideas?
Why are weather kites no longer used (much) operationally?
Why did the Laki eruption of 1783 produce so much fluorine?
What tools allow a quick comparison of NetCDF output from ocean models?
What can we learn by studying lunar atmospheric tides?
How do tropopause folds form and do they have any impact on synoptic scale weather?
Why do tropical cyclones not tear themselves apart?
What are rare earths and why do they cluster near alkaline magmatism?
What is the cause of the jet streams?
Why do crystals, like quartz and diamonds, form in different colors?
Could earth&#39;s core lose its heat?
What caused the Younger Dryas cold event?
Why is Earth&#39;s outer-core liquid?
Is there geological evidence that the moon once collided with the Earth?
What are the applications of hydrostatic solvers vs non-hydrostatic solvers in numerical weather prediction?
Significant difference between averaged wind speeds and averaged wind power density, for wind generation modelling?
What was the Amazon like during Green Sahara?
What is the origin of the dominant atmospheric nitrogen content in Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Does vegetation contribute to long-term carbon sequestration?
How do we know that we are NOT in an &quot;Ice Age?&quot;
How much of the current global warming is due to human influence?
Can mining trigger earthquakes?
Is fracking likely to produce earthquakes?
Why does a subduction zone produce a serpentinization diapir rather than volcanism?
Why does the El Ni&#241;o Stop?
What causes intra-plate faults, such as the New Madrid fault?
What determines a mineral&#39;s hardness?
If 75% of radioactive material remains, how many half-lives have elapsed?
Is it possible for a sting jet to form over a continental landmass?
What are the physical upper bounds on the magnitude of an earthquake?
What geophysical events can (temporarily) increase the Earth&#39;s rate of rotation?
Natural nuclear explosions
What data does a skilled meteorologist look at to predict thunderstorms?
Why won&#39;t Yellowstone explode?
What were the tallest mountain ranges in Earth&#39;s geological past?
How much of a mountain is below the surface?
What are the differences between an LES-SGS model and a RANS based turbulence model?
How does anthropogenic heating affect global warming?
What is the meaning of -999 degrees Celsius?
Is the color of the sky the same everywhere on earth?
Why does Volcano Lightning occur?
Why deep ocean didn&#39;t freeze during snowball Earth?
What is this strange feature on Mars in Valles Marineris
Converting glacier volume to mass: what ice density to use?
Have there been any attempts to measure profiles through deep convective systems using dropsondes?
How do I explain why the Tibetan plateau is colder than lowlands at similar latitudes?
What are the major differences between weather models and climate models?
How long does it take for the ocean conveyor to circulate?
What temperature do small meteorites have on impact
Why do felsic materials have lower melting points than mafic?
Paleogene transantarctic seaway
In what geological situations can I find gold?
What is responsible for the underwater waterfall illusion of Mauritius Island?
Ice Coverage on the Laurentian Great Lakes
What is the force imposed by underwater currents?
Why does the so called &quot;tornado alley&quot; exist?
What factors affect the size of rain shadows?
What constitutes a blizzard in meterological terms?
Why do Earth and Venus have different atmospheres?
Why are most peninsulas oriented north-south?
Will model resolution have an effect on model spin-up time?
Does the Strength of Earth&#39;s Magnetic Field Influence Climate?
What factors determine the number of Hadley cells for a planet?
Is there a difference between rock and stone?
Can earthquakes contribute to Antarctic ice loss?
How do I convert specific humidity to relative humidity?
Do tornadoes have eyes?
How did helium deposits form?
Why is aerodynamic resistance defined inversely?
Break in human nitrogen input in 1990s
Are there secondary causes of sea level change?
How do urban areas affect rain?
What happens to global temperature when we stop all the vehicles for a year?
To what accuracy and precision do we know the volume of the Earth?
How many trees would I have to plant to solve Global Warming?
How is carbon distributed among the atmosphere, the oceans, the biomass and the unburnt fossil fuels?
Why are minerals found in &quot;large&quot; quantities and not scattered throughout the earth as individual atoms?
What is the status of meteorological data exchange standards?
Current consensus on the Messinian Salinity Crisis
What is the origin of the ocean&#39;s salt?
Why did people draw so many continuous squares in the sand on the beach at Cape Juby?
Is there value in using a model that fails at validation against measurements?
Where does the water from rain in rain forests come from?
Is it possible for rivers to freeze completely and stop flowing?
Why Vp/Vs and not Vs/Vp?
Why does Earth have abundant oxygen in the atmosphere?
Why is March colder than September in Northern Hemisphere?
Why don&#39;t cold fronts and other steep-gradient weather effects just dissipate?
What causes the Earth to have magnetic poles?
What is the origin of the Montmartre mountain in Paris?
Why Earth&#39;s magnetic poles are (and were) in their positions?
Are there situations where the groundwater table doesn&#39;t follow the morphology of the surface?
What do quasi-geostrophic and ageostrophic mean?
Naming convention for sea ice thickness per unit area of ice or ocean
Why does the colour of amethyst fade if exposed to too much light?
Did the impact event that caused the Chicxulub-Crater definitively and single-handedly cause the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction?
Can large (and wet) storms really trigger large magnitude Earthquakes?
What would a replacement for SEGY look like?
Are there any techniques for imaging the deep Earth besides seismic waves?
Does the Great Pacific Garbage Patch increase sedimentation rates over the patch?
How does the precession of the Earth&#39;s apses affect climate?
When can taste be used to help identify rocks?
Carbon Dioxide levels appear to be linked to the Milankovitch cycles according to Ice Core data but what is the mechanism?
Where can I get archived hourly temperature data?
What is a source of worldwide temperature data that also includes extreme weather?
Geomorphology of Mountains With Wind only Erosion
Can Venus be considered to be tectonically active?
How will increased $\ce{CO2}$ affect forests and other vegetative areas?
Why is there Uranium in Earth&#39;s Crust?
How significant is a 5-10 mb drop in pressure over a 20 minute period?
Does the heating of the oceans due to greenhouse effect negate the acidification due to increased CO2 levels?
What is a typical value of the P&#233;clet number for internal waves?
To what extent is hydroelectric power really renewable?
Potential explanations of Red Sea crossing
How do you calculate the depth of penetration in a Schlumberger array?
GOES Visible Channel - asymmetry between morning and afternoon
How are Earth&#39;s rotational changes due to large earthquakes calculated?
Which places on Earth would be affected the least by severe climate change?
What is the methodology to analyze future climatic extremes using the results of climate models?
At what point does plate tectonics stop?
What type of cloud formation is this?
What are the non-anthropogenic causes of The Netherlands&#39; low elevation?
What is the predictability of El Ni&#241;o/La Ni&#241;a?
Why don&#39;t scientists use fire entry suits to study volcanoes?
How does a &#39;fire tornado&#39; form?
Is Antarctic sea ice at record levels?
Did Jupiter really make Earth (in)habitable?
Why does phosphate rock contain uranium?
What was the ocean circulation like during the time of Pangaea?
How will cloud feedback effects on the climate change as the result of global warming?
How does one measure what causes earthquakes?
Does a green or yellow sky actually indicate a tornado?
Why do Tsunamis travel slower than sound?
How does remote sensing of ocean currents work?
Why does El Ni&#241;o enhance the jet stream?
How can I estimate a 2 m temperature from / in an atmospheric model?
Will the Earth ever stop rotating?
Sea Level in Paleogeographic Maps
How to measure stretching direction on chocolate-tablet boudins?
What influences tide-height the most? Can I guess the height by looking on a globe?
How and where do double-terminated crystals form?
What is a good definition of the word &quot;rock&quot; for teaching?
How are subsurface wave speeds determined without subsurface sensors?
How do mantle plumes travel from the core of Earth to the crust?
Why does the Hadley cell descend at 30 degrees?
Barite and Acantharians
How did tectonic plates originally come to form?
What causes waves to form the characteristic &quot;breaking&quot; shape as they approach the shoreline?
Where does wind come from?
Cloud-to-ground lightning in Florida?
How accurate are climate proxies in giving us a clear picture of global average temperatures throughout Earth history?
What lithologies are deemed most suitable for the storage of nuclear waste
How can scientists be confident of isotope ratios in past eras and varied locations, used for radiometric dating?
Where can I obtain ocean wave data of the Southeast Asian region?
What is the difference between a high-resolution model and a regular model run?
In what sense did the Oklo reactor &quot;trap&quot; its own nuclear waste?
What is the range of possible atmospheric pressures on the surface of the Earth?
What can I use as a heatproof, non-magnetic glue for samples?
Is Mars&#39; mantle homogeneous or heterogeneous and what might this say about mantle convection?
Why does Mars&#39; experience an &#39;ice age&#39; at high axis obliquity, when Earth experiences an ice age at low axis obliquity
Are ice-ages dependent on an un-equal distribution of land-masses?
What is the appropriate vertical datum to use globally?
Why is there no middle ground between tornadoes and hurricanes?
Great Lakes - cookie cutter clouds
What are the differences between implicit and explicit methods when applied to modelling Earth systems?
Interpolating spatial data in contiguous sea areas only
Can the overuse of geothermal energy become an environmental concern?
How are the patterns in solid rock born
What exactly is wind velocity
Interpretation of a seismogram (three components)
How did this rock dome (pictured) form?
Zeolites, odor control, and the witchcraft of sunlight
How many percent of volcanoes are glaciated?
How much fossil fuel came from the Carboniferous?
How much would the Greenland landmass isostatic rebound contribute to long term climate change?
Is there a standard definition of a &quot;dry-down&quot; event in hydrology?
Academic but accessible defense of the scientific understanding of anthropogenic climate change?
Optimized interpolation method with fixed-location sample data points?
Is it possible to create an enclosed manmade weather system?
How much of the underwater land masses within the arctic ocean is considered continental shelf?
How stable is the Gulf Stream? Could it stop suddenly?
Olympus Mons sized volcano on Earth?
When did/will peak conventional oil happen?
Would it be geographically feasible to store water on land to counteract sea level rise?
Ore deposits buried under cities?
Width of strata in stratigraphic column
Why does the Inter tropical Convergence Zone shift?
Is there a name for this type of ice crystal?
What is the area with the largest velocity vertical shear in the ocean?
About meddies: what are they? How do they form? How are they maintained?
What causes these banded clouds?
Software for sediment transport modeling
Why does sea level correspond to boundary between oceanic and continental crust?
How were we able to measure carbon dioxide levels in earlier climates?
What are the impacts of sublimation on an annual mountain snowpack?
Why does every tsunami travel differently?
Are sandstorms like regular storms?
How much Uranium is there in the Earth&#39;s Crust?
Why is earth not a sphere?
What, if any, paleoclimate data can be derived from stromatolite fossils?
What determines the spectrum of high and low frequency waves emitted by an earthquake?
Biogenic origin of authigenic zeolites
What caused the Cretaceous uplift of the Harz mountains (Germany)
Can concretions form in non-sedimentary rocks?
Does anyone know of a DBMS with global geospatial search?
Why does the shoreline sometimes recede prior to a Tsunami?
Is it possible to forecast ocean salinity 100 years into the future?
Are mantle plumes distributed around the core randomly or in a known pattern?
Why do those glaciers form on the lee side of the mountains?
Why does the earth spin clockwise?
How can I tell if a rock is really petrified wood?
Why is there a daily inequality for low tides?
Why does the rising of high clouds due to climate change impart positive radiative feedback on radiative forcing?
Recharge a dry aquifer?
How do seismologists locate the epicenter and focus of an earthquake?
How to interpret the use of late and early Tertiary from older literature?
Do ringwoodite minerals point to an &quot;ocean&#39;s worth&quot; of water, or a true subterranean ocean?
Are the processes of the rock cycle currently in dynamic equilibrium?
Why is the Atlantic Hurricane Season defined as being between June 1 and November 30?
What is the tallest fully underwater seamount in the world?
Does volcanic activity fluctuate?
Why are methane spectroscopic parameters harder to determine and relatively poorly known, compared to other Earth trace gases?
What would happen if we could revert $\mathrm{CO}_2$ production but took it too far?
Why is Montana warmer than Wyoming?
Model types: Robust diagnostic versus prognostic
Is the poleward migration of the maximum intensity of cyclones a result of tropical expansion or are there some other contributing factors?
Fine particulate matter - Why the lack of attention? What can be done to tackle it?
When a tectonic plate subducts, does any of the subducted material melt, or is it just the mantle above the subducted slab that melts?
How long does it take for the atmosphere to mix?
How does radiogenic argon-40 get into the atmosphere?
How do meteorologists grade their past forecasts?
Ozone gas (O₃) endurance in the atmosphere
What are the guidelines for constructing variable names that follow CF conventions?
July/August hottest months (northern hemisphere): because of continued warming or other effects?
Probability distribution of fault throw displacement and height limiting mechanisms
Winds in a northern hemisphere hurricane
Determining a rock age using volcanic ash layer
Is there a way to find the direction to land in the middle of an ocean?
Propagation of sound after lightning
Is the urban heat island effect stronger during a particular season or part of the year?
What is the &#39;natural variation&#39; in global temperature that many skeptics mention?
Is there a convenient place to get vertical wind shear info for my location?
How do I find the volume of ocean between any two layers of ocean depth?
How is the Rossby Radius used to determine that synoptic weather systems are 1000-2000km across?
Temperature as a function of luminosity and greenhouse gas concentrations
How could humans alter storm intensity or direction other than cloud seeding?
Is there such a thing as a &quot;basalt dike&quot;?
Generic pedo-transfer functions to compute field capacity and wilting point from sand/silt/clay?
Is the cause of Old Faithful&#39;s bimodal distribution for eruption times straightforward?
How many joules are required to mine a unit of coal?
What are the causes of the supercontinent cycle?
Sea breeze - magnitude of horizontal pressure gradient?
Are there any general-purpose climate-model coupling projects?
Looking at ocean depth/latitude profiles of dissolved oxygen and nitrate. Why is dissolved oxygen low when nitrate is high?
What is the mechanism behind changes in oxidation state (of iron, for example) as magma rises?
Why are alpine river water green - blue?
Why would volcano eruption cause cardiac arrest?
How can odor travel be tracked
Is it possible for a natural fluorescent mineral to glow from the sun&#39;s rays?
Turbidity/clarity vs optical depth
How much methane clathrates are buried in continental deposits?
To stop anthropogenic climate change, is it necessary to stop extracting petroleum and start pumping carbon under ground?
Why are there no hurricanes in the southern Atlantic basin?
What does the term &quot;Snow Interval&quot; mean?
Glaciology: odd pattern of smooth and ribbed chunks of ice in Antartica
From where do weather radar maps get their data?
How are Richter magnitudes of past earthquakes estimated?
Will dust storms be more frequent in the future?
What atmospheric radiative effects, if any, do contrails cause?
What is the definition of a continent?
What is the oldest sediment?
How deep is the permafrost in the Antarctic?
Are cloudy night warmer than nights without clouds?
What geophysical knowledge have we learned by the construction of IceCube?
Is there a database of global rainfall time series?
How important is understanding linear algebra in groundwater modeling?
How much of earth&#39;s molecular oxygen in the atmosphere is due to plants?
How and why do these tree-like river structures form?
Will the Southern Ocean act as a net source or sink for atmospheric $\ce{CO2}$ in the future?
Numerical weather forecasting - resources for a programmer?
How to interpret hourly precipitation forecast?
Why do greenhouse gases affect ocean temp so much?
Is Iceland an example of a hot-spot overlying a mantle plume?
How do Kelvin waves determine surface temperature variations?
How do we measure the total heat content contained in ocean and atmosphere?
Why is heavy precipitation from atmospheric rivers more likely to hit the West Coasts than the East Coasts?
How do we measure (or empirically calculate) the amount of entropy in the atmosphere and oceans?
Why is the inside of the Earth so hot?
How does geothermal heating work?
What causes the beautiful Auroras on the north and south magnetic poles?
What is the percentage of the global water cycle (evaporation, precipitation) that occurs over the ocean?
Is the Earth&#39;s hot inner core necessary for life?
What are the differences between geology, petrology, and lithology?
Is there a database of the geologic/stratigraphic units of France?
What is caesium-137 used for in fracking?
How does a meandering river form?
Why does the meandering pattern of the jet stream itself propagate?
Coriolis effect and Cyclones
Does anyone know of a comprehensive listing of geostationary weather satellites?
How are organic walled microfossils preserved in the fossil record?
Phase changes deep in planetary interiors and their implications for surface tectonics
Why are oceanic plates denser than continental plates?
Alternatives to Plant Functional Types as parametrisations in land surface models?
What kinds of remote sensing required to observe methanogenic life on Titan?
How much heat is transported from the interior to the surface in the form of hydration enthalpy?
What is the current theory about the formation of Tibet?
How far from basalt bedrock can magnetometic survey find archaeological features?
Is Earth an organism?
Do normal modes of oscillation cause permanent deformation?
Bifurcation Scenarios in the Atmosphere
Has the number of natural disasters per year increased significantly in the years since human-caused climate change started?
Why is the troposphere 8km higher at the equator than the poles?
Exhumation of blueschist
Formation of flint &amp; chert in limestones/chalk
Are clouds significantly easier to simulate in weather models than climate models?
How do we know graptolites were pelagic?
Is there a piece of upside down foreign crust in the USA?
Is it possible to find the magma chambers that produce supervolcanos?
What is the motivation of using the Enhanced Fujita Scale in place of the Fujita Scale?
How would a Mars rover identify a microbialite fossil?
Where does the biggest land-based ice cap reside?
Why would a suite of related rocks have one anomalous sample?
Where to find an accurate Mercator Projection world image?
What are the scientific consequences of the lost of the Nereus submersible?
What geological processes can cause local biases in the fossil record?
How do climatologists define the &quot;start&quot; of a rainy season in a unimodal monsoonal climate?
What is the primary cause of the &quot;Norwester&quot; winds that affect parts of India &amp; Bangladesh?
What tidal databases are available to be used as model boundary conditions?
If it rains harder, does it mean the rain&#39;s duration will be shorter?
Percentage of dry land surface with sea level elevation lower than 1 km
How good were climate models of the 1990s at predicting the global temperature trends of the 2000s/2010s?
Is it possible to see Auroras from the equatorial region?
How to determine how long ago a rock was broken?
What are Tetens coefficients?
Average Aragonite:Calcite ratio in biogenic CaCO3 in the oceans
Is soil a renewable resource?
Why do Volcanoes give out so much Sulphur Dioxide and Carbon Dioxide?
The river or the hills; which came first?
Formation of limestone without living organisms?
How long does it take to form amber?
How does soil redox potential affect the rate of denitrification?
How long did it take for Earth&#39;s magnetic field to first appear?
How does the sand appear on Hawaiian beaches
How can you explain this storm phenomenon?
Why do gold deposits form only in certain areas of the earth?
What happens to the higher frequency content of the tremors associated with a volcanic eruption?
What caused the bend in the Emperor/Hawaii chain of islands, 45 million years ago?
Why are titanium oxides lumped in with magnetite for the purposes of analyzing water bubble nucleation?
Why is q used for specific humidity?
Why are alkali basalts found at rifting centres and on top of &#39;plumes&#39;, whereas MORBs are generally tholeiitic?
Are there any high-resolution urban CO2 concentration data sets?
Why is a layer of the subsoil so dark on this construction site?
What makes the conditions at the core/mantle boundary ideal for aluminum to combine with other elements besides oxygen?
What efforts have been made to separate the microseismic events related to wind-related ocean waves from the components of volcanic origin?
How old is Casiquiare canal?
What evidence is there for geological mechanisms that formed the Siberian traps flood basalt?
What is it about ancient craton geology that results in associated kimberlite pipes containing economic diamond deposits?
Why is colder seawater more compressible?
What is the importance of mixing caused by outgassing in the ocean?
What tectonic mechanisms cause the North and South Islands of New Zealand to be so geologically different?
What are the causes of lower UV radiation at lower elevations?
How to get cell indices from latitude and longitude in WRF model grids?
converting SU file to ASCII format in seismic unix using OpenSeaSeis
viable geothermal energy supply from exhausted fracked gas wells?
Color of ocean waters and Ekman pumping - what is the connection?
Equation for predicting contrail formation
Where did the energy released due to gravitational binding energy of the Earth go?
What is the age of the earliest traces of life on Earth?
Forecasting oceanic rogue waves
Do other terrestrial planets have &quot;earthquakes&quot;?
Regarding various types of atmospheric pollution
What is Geoalchemy?
&#39;Peak water&#39; in the Ogallala Aquifer, USA?
Stability correction factor in the Wavewatch III wave model
What is the geochemical origin of carbon dioxide with the &#39;white smokers&#39; of the Champagne Vent?
Dry atmospheric temperature profile (dry adiabatic vs. isothermal)
Can climate models reliably predict meteorological extremes?
Nuclear testing and the Anthropocene, a chemostratigraphic link?
Deuterium-less oceans
Does temperature affect partial pressure of gas dissolved in water?
Why is there a bend in the Lomonosov Ridge?
Is a San Andreas volcano possible?
How important is Sahara dust for the Amazon?
Why do most opal deposits occur in Australia?
What methods exist for remote profiling of oceanic columns?
What determines how fast clouds move?
How does the pole-to-equator temperature gradient scale with height contours?
How is ocean heat content measured?
How deep was the Vredefort Crater when it happened?
What causes &quot;hydrocarbons&quot; to take the form of petroleum versus natural gas?
Why is there a line of volcanoes along the northwest coast of North America?
What are the ramifications to life on Earth when the Earth&#39;s magnetic poles switch?
Why is the Yellowstone National Park unique for its geysers?
Why does the &quot;Ring of Fire&quot; pretty much define &quot;Pacific Rim&quot;
What factors determine the height of the turbopause?
Are Argo probe data used for numerical weather prediction (NWP)?
Why were no interferometers launched on weather satellites between the &#39;69-&#39;72 IRIS-D and the 2002-onward AIRS?
Are El Ni&#241;os stronger when there is a longer gap from the last El Ni&#241;o?
Can overshooting tops enter the stratosphere, or will they rather push the tropopause upward?
How are paleomagnetic polarities determined?
What generates the microseism?
Correlating the Caledonian and Appalachian Orogenies
How do we determine subsurface composition?
Equatorial Bulge and Tectonic Plates
Why does Earth&#39;s outer-core rotate in the opposite direction to the inner-core?
How do scientists determine the absolute or &#39;chronometric&#39; date of fossils?
How is the radiative efficiency of a given gas (like a given CFC) analytically calculated?
Use of Neodymium in Paleoceanography
Is there any correlation between La Ni&#241;a/El Ni&#241;o and seismic activity?
How was the Marinoan Glaciation triggered?
Why is colored seismic inversion called &#39;colored&#39;?
What causes &quot;shallow&quot; moonquakes?
Regarding the theory of the origin of water on Earth through meteorites, why wouldn&#39;t the water evaporate on impact?
How does El Ni&#241;o affect thunderstorm/tornado/CAPE activity in the central United States?
Is it true that &quot;[sand] grains in the Coconino Sandstone come from the Appalachian Mountains&quot;?
What kind of minerals have no cleavage plane?
What&#39;s the geological period of the birth of the river Ganges?
Estimate litter production
Identifying sedimentary rocks in hand specimen
How are minor tributaries of a river determined?
Synoptic weather predictibility under climate change scenarios
What does it mean when the depth of earthquakes get near the surface over a period of time?
Is the epicenter always directly above the hypocenter?
Is it right practice to validate temperature data with reanalysis data?
How do I derive the formula for lithostatic (overburden) pressure?
what are the ground motion prediction equations for 3-D ruptures?
P wave to S wave conversion
Is there any link between sea-water inflitration into groundwater and nitrate?
Are the elements of an averaging kernel matrix always centered on the diagonal, or can they be exclusively off-diagonal in rare cases?
What is this rock?
How will climate change affect the extent of the Sahara Desert?
How can I downscale daily values of relative humidity?
How has the relative ratio of igneous, sedimentary, and metamorphic rocks changed over Earth&#39;s history?
Is there a reliable way to identify regions with negatively-correlated winds?
Effect on sea level if the Earth stopped rotating
Odd structures in 66 year NCEP daily temperature reanalysis
What does groundwater consist of?
Determining the paleoelevation of mountain ranges
Are there significant amounts of rare earth elements on Iceland?
How to estimate dispersion in stratified flows
Epicenter location of the 900-930 A.D.,7.4 Magnitude Seattle Earthquake?
Why do rainbows appear to have a fixed structure?
Are there measurement techniques that can help determine the exact geometry of a volcanic vent?
What are these &quot;ship wrecks&quot; (pictured) in the old volcano crater?
Lake inflow-outflow problem
How does the composition of volcanic rock change as it makes its ascent towards the surface?
Does Contwoyto Lake empty into both Bathurst Inlet and Chantrey Inlet?
What are the factors that dictate a given topology for seismometer placement around a volcano?
How long until Earth&#39;s core solidifies?
How much energy is needed to alter the path of a hurricane?
What happens to sea level when a ship sinks?
How much silicon is in the Earth&#39;s core, and how did it get there?
Standardized scale for coastline length or mapping in general?
Is the Younger Dryas associated with an extinction event?
Temporal Resolution of Seismic data
What is hydraulic diffusivity?
Measuring bed dip angle from contour lines, which lines to pick?
Are there any metal anomalies other than iridium in the K-Pg boundary?
Relation between direction of shear and cyclone formation
Where does the symmetry of cloudy bands come from?
What is El Ni&#241;o Modoki?
What geological processes would &#39;restart&#39; subduction processes?
What, if any, paleoclimate data can be derived from igneous rocks?
What sort of instruments do planetary geologists use to predict that there are oceans on the moons Titan and Europa?
Why would magma have high amounts of nickel and chromium?
What caused a fall in atmospheric oxygen about 1.9 billion years ago?
What is the difference between an inertial instability and a symmetric instability?
Was volcanic activity more prevalent when the dinosaurs roamed?
What tectonic structures delineate the split between the Australian and Indian tectonic plates?
What does geochemical data tell us about Earth&#39;s earliest palaeoclimatic conditions?
Noctilucent clouds and anthropogenic climate change
Where does the lithium in Salar de Uyuni comes from?
Intuitive explanation of precipitation amount
What&#39;s the partition coefficient (D) of Nb for apatite?
Is there conclusive evidence for the Antarctic Circumpolar Current developing after the glaciation of Antarctica?
Active rifting in Antarctica?
Should total ground heat flux be 0?
What is the lowest latitude at which snow has been recorded at sea level?
How strong can a glacial icequake get?
How do we use oxygen isotopes as temperature proxy?
Sudden Localized Surface Water Temperature Increase In Eastern Lake Superior, Canada
What are these lake-like blue patches in the desert, visible in satellite image?
How Mauna Loa $\ce{CO2}$ monthly trends are computed?
How did sand dunes appear in the midst of a fertile region?
Does earth&#39;s size affect the temperature of the poles?
Distance to epicenter vs distance to focus
Two severe cyclones connected by a monsoonal trough
Why do tropical cyclones around Australia have erratic paths?
What is a Geophysical Model Function (GMF)?
Is there a correlation between hot springs and earthquakes?
Does bathymetry affect ocean topography/height?
What causes the different colours of the salt pits in the Saloum Delta in Senegal
What was the first rock in the rock cycle?
What causes the &#39;calm before the storm&#39;?
What will happen to me if I touch the aurora?
Does within-canopy wind direction correlate with wind above the planetary bounday layer?
What is the difference between roughness length and zero plane displacement?
Are there any quantities defined analogically to the virtual temperature, but for other gases?
Can we predict which annular modes existed during the time of Pangaea?
How will climate change affect the 3D distribution of lapse rate in the atmosphere?
How have global sedimentation rates changed over the last billion years?
Magnetic &quot;magnetic hills&quot;?
Any other fumarolic ice caves in the literature?
Why is there no High-Resolution Infrared Radiation Sounder (HIRS) on Metop-C?
How much cheaper is it to mount oceanographic sensors on elephant seals and other animals, compared using Argo floats and other abiotic sensors?
What is the Calcite Compensation Depth and what is its significance for carbonate deposits?
What are the key differences between warm and cold core cyclones?
Is a mega tsunami that will destroy America inevitable?
Horizon letter for bedrock
Why is a seismogram interpreted as a convolution?
What evidence is there that plant evolutionary history &quot;dances to a different beat&quot; than that of animals?
What tools are available to build unstructured grids for ocean models?
How can I plot a Skew-T log-P diagram?
Earth Science Search Engine
How can the &#39;abiogenic oil&#39; hypothesis be disproven?
Why does volcanic dust pose such a hazard to air travel?
How long to melt all the polar ice?
Do seismic travel times from one location to another differ based on factors other than distance?
Transfer precipitation forecast in mm to expected snowfall in cm
How to determine the transmissivity of a system of rocks and faults from the stationary drawdown pattern?
What geophysical instruments should I use to detect water without drilling?
Why are some theories as to the cause of glacation less popular among the scientific community?
What determines the differences in results between various weather models?
Does the meridional overturning circulation slow down the temperature increase from global warming?
How much is Iceland/Norway/Western Europe warmed up by the Meriodional Overturning Circulation?
How was the atmospheric/oceanic circulation different prior to the formation of the Isthmus of Panama?
What is &quot;qflux&quot; and why is it important for climate models?
Sediment layer chronology
How much does the Meridional Overturning Current strengthen the Gulf Stream?
What is a massif and what differentiates it from other types of mountains?
Why does halite have perfect cleavage at the (110) plane?
Are there any photographs of mountains without significant erosion (on Earth or otherwise)
Argument for designing an ocean monitoring network based on satellite-derived chlorophyll-a concentration?
How are the thickness of ice sheets from previous glaciation periods determined?
Who are the 3% in the often cited &quot;97% of climate scientists&quot;?
Do fluctuations in radioactive isotope decay rates affect carbon dating techniques?
Weight vs. Mass of Clouds
Relation between fault rupture aspect ratio and slip rate?
Why does the Northern polar vortex usually have two centers?
How much does ocean cover percentage change between glacial periods?
Paleogeographic atlas software
Is the atmosphere becoming thicker?
Is it theoretically possible to artificially create amber?
How accurately can explosions be triangulated from the IRIS seismogram data?
What geological mechanisms result in the great depth of the Mariana Trench?
Given the well known effects of the inverse turbulence cascade for 2D flow, does it make sense to use grid resolutions that resolve turbulence?
Is it known what determines the rate with which plate tectonics occur?
What is the total Earth&#39;s interior energy budget?
How to calculate flow duration curve for a set of 12 year data?
How are spherulitic structures formed in basalt rock?
A parcel of air in an isothermal layer
Obtaining hourly weather data, including direct and diffuse insolation
How do you use the streckeisen (QAPF) classification ternary diagram to identify igneous rocks based on chemical rock composition?
What are the geological mechanisms for sea floor spreading in the Bismarck Sea?
Successful Earthquake predictions
What evidence is there linking melting ice caps and changes in tectonic movement?
How to calculate relative humidity?
Database of geological group or formation exposures?
What amount of permafrost carbon release could be expected with the IPCC worse-prediction of a 4.8C temperature rise?
Resources for learning the technical parts of atmospheric modeling
Why would there be no hydrocarbons in the Sveconorwegian belt?
What are the advantages in looking at an OLR map versus looking at IR satellite imagery?
How does one create petroleum/crude oil for future generations?
Have meteorites been found in the oldest sedimentary rocks?
Has an entire plate ever subducted?
What visual wave behaviour help to tell if a tide is going in or out?
Release mechanism for methane clathrate at the PETM
What is the reason why there are radiosonde measurements in the atmosphere?
Hypotheses about Silurian carbon isotope excursions?
Did a gamma ray burst contribute to the Ordovician mass extinction?
What is the difference between eluvium and alluvium
Why is there so much oil in Saudi Arabia, Venezuela and Canada, but almost none in Europe?
How global was the Bonarelli Oceanic Anoxic Event?
Pressure as a function of altitude
Relationship between illuminance and cloud cover
Why does air seem to affect local surface temperatures so much?
Why is the lithostatic pressure gradient 1 psi/ft? How is it derived from density?
How are &#39;Morning Glory&#39; clouds maintained?
What fraction of dry land is below sea level
What tectonic structures exist on the Eurasian - North American plate boundary in eastern Siberia?
Why is the concept of &quot;mass extinction&quot; a relatively recent development in geology?
Why is ocean surface velocity around 3% of wind velocity?
What&#39;s with this anomaly in this sounding (the CAPE and CIN readings)?
LWC and Absolute Humidity
Can impact events cause widespread volcanic activity on the other side of the planet?
What is the tectonic setting for the formation of the Great Dividing Range in Australia?
What are the criteria that make a planet (in)habitable?
Does the gravitational pull of the moon affect the composition of Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Extent of the Persian Gulf
Is it true that distance between earth and sun is closer in winter season (January) and farther in summer season in the Northern Hemisphere?
What is the age of the Gamburtsev Mountains?
About the effectiveness of sand-bags
Alpine schistosity
Pressure as a function of altitude above 11 km
Snow from Fire: Could graupel, or even snow, fall from pyrocumulus clouds?
How much has the total transport of the Antarctic Circumpolar Current changed over time?
Mega-tsunami, what is the greatest possible height of a tsunami?
How are critical loads of nitrogen deposition on eco-regions determined?
The climatological variance of albedo, soil moisture in weather models
Minimum flow duration curves
Do different lavas have different volcanic volatiles associated with them?
When will the Final Ice Age happen?
What causes the entrainment of atmospheric gases towards a volcanic ash/tephra plume?
How to measure the cycles of earth moving/rotation?
Change in weight since the time of the dinosaurs
Predicting school closures with historical weather prediction data?
How to compute the earthquake occurrence probability under ETAS model
The spiraling cyclone track - Cyclone Nathan
How is equilibrium of 21% of oxygen in atmosphere established?
How does Antarctica stay frozen?
Earth ocean basins
Using sodium chloride load as a point source pollutant variable in SWAT model?
Why does Aragonite form in one case and an acetate in another?
Does El Ni&#241;o increase the amount of heat that escapes into space, or does it increase the amount of heat trapped on Earth?
Are certain isobar temperatures higher in mountainous regions?
Can the clouds on Venus and Titan be categorized in the same way as clouds on Earth?
How will climate change affect the total kinetic energy in the atmosphere?
How has river to ocean flux changed over the last 500 million years?
What periods of the fossil record are most lacking in specimens?
Is there a standard definition of the term &quot;mountain&quot;?
Which are the biggest methodological differences between archaeological and geological approach to stratigraphy?
What supports the Rockies?
How can I create a CF compliant netCDF file?
What causes a volcano?
How is heat transferred from the core through the mantle to the crust?
What is the difference between a geologist and a geophysicist?
Why do tectonic plates have a tendency to drift closer to the equator?
Measurement of groundwater levels
Lab procedure for analyzing/assessing the presence of semi-volatile solids
Is Mount Everest currently getting higher or lower every year?
Is this graph showing the average temperature on Earth going back millions of years accurate?
What is the difference between a &quot;flood&quot; and a &quot;flash flood&quot;?
Is the Arctic sea ice volume increasing?
Project Mogul: Does upper atmosphere indeed have a sound waveguide channel?
Why is the warm phase of the Pacific Decadal Oscillation associated with stronger El Ninos?
How does the amount of mass in an atmosphere affect the seasonal changes and dynamics of the planet&#39;s climate?
Why does the wind periodically change direction?
How will climate change affect the latitudinal distribution of precipitation over each latitudinal region?
Was the Southern Hemisphere cooler during the Younger Dryas?
How much heat do hurricanes transport from equatorial to more polar latitudes, and from ocean to atmosphere?
Permeability of well screen as a limitation to a slug-in test
Who originated Taylor&#39;s axiom of lunar formation, and where?
The relationship between specific discharge and flux
Why is the Ring of Fire there?
Is ground level ozone dangerous to human health when other pollutants are not present, for example, at high altitudes?
Question about earthquake data attribute codes
Why is Sacramento so warm for its latitude?
How bad is a &quot;bad&quot; oil spill?
Where can we see the noctilucent clouds?
What would the geology and climate of a supposed landmass near the pole be like, assuming a thoroughly warmer planet?
Calculating Monthly Accumulation value of the Clearness Index KT
Geometrical differences of subduction zones
What is this Cape Breton rock?
What kind of coal did I find?
Why do Euler poles for plate motions not stay fixed in time?
Does the long-term ice-core temperature record provide reasonable evidence that the current temperature trend is not anthropogenic?
Per capita $\ce{CO2}$ emissions
What properties must a rocky body possess in order to exhibit the magnetic dynamo?
Iowa State GOES Visible Data - misaligned EPSG:4326
How can I find a large petrology dataset?
Strangely bright morning twilight over Switzerland
Understanding the Mercator Projection
&#39;Late Veneer&#39; on other planets
Why does seismic activity shed light on the inner core rigidity?
Laboratory simulation of the Earth&#39;s magnetic field
Does the climate have any effect on plate tectonics?
Are the &quot;polar vortex&quot; and &quot;cut-off lows&quot; over/near the Great Lakes new phenomena?
What are the tectonic implications of the Quaternary Igwisi Hills, Tanzania, kimberlite volcanics?
Alternative WMS servers for GOES-East satellite imagery
What are the high field strength and large ion lithophile (HFS or HFSE &amp; LIL or LILE) elements?
Are there locations on earth that only have one season?
What do the derivative or the integral of amplitude of a seismogram mean?
Is the temperature (even a bit) warmer in a forest?
Oceanic-atmospheric coupling between the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean basins
What are the tallest hydrothermal vents in the world?
Is there any consensus of what caused the Lusi Mud Volcano eruptions in Indonesia?
How isotropic is the Earth&#39;s inner core boundary?
What is the geochemical source for the helium detected in deep Arctic explosive eruptions?
Acidity of rock
The different types of plagioclase
Calculating the displacement of a fault
Canadian equivalent to AMLIS database?
Earthquake probabilities
Predicting volcanic eruptions by experimentally proven volatile outgassing observations
Climatology of the Indian Summer Monsoon - A modern consensus
Minimum sea-level pressure and maximum wind speed intensity relationship in Hurricane Katrina (2005)
Relationship between atmospheric density and atmospheric pressure?
What caused the high temperatures that resulted in the Cretaceous aged komatiite lavas of Gorgona Island, Colombia?
Source of water for the Great Artesian Basin in Australia
Weak flashes of light in the sky
Underwater rock conduit
What caused a measurable patch of Mt. St. Helens&#39; ash to be deposited across Oklahoma?
Water veins underground causing health problems
How do I prepare for the International Earth Science Olympiad?
How do we convert the seismic trace wavelet to zero phase which is in mixed phase?
Sea Surface Height Data
Vortices in the Atmosphere Sustained only by PGF
How has and how does the lithosphere affect climate change?
Climate on an Earth without an Axial Tilt
Characterizing earthquakes using accelerometer data
How have levels of outgoing longwave and incoming shortwave radiation changed over the last 20-30 years?
How do Rossby Waves in the ocean form?
How can I calculate the average latitudinal temperature anomaly between a city and all other locations along the city&#39;s latitude?
What are monsoons caused by?
Do river fluxes help contribute to long-term carbon sequestration?
How will climate change affect the entropy budget of the atmosphere?
How deep could the surface of the Earth&#39;s crust get?
How much total heat is contained in the upper layers of the atmosphere?
Is there a standard definition of a hill?
Checking the bedrock with radiowaves - how does it work?
What is the concentration of silver in tap or freshwater in the United kingdom
Is global warming occuring only because of humans?
A good book or source for climate science and meteorology basics?
What are the domains of Earth Science?
Why are most cirrus clouds present over the equator and over tropical continents?
What are some options for online and offline particle tracking in ocean models?
Is a billion years of Earth&#39;s history missing?
What, if any, scientific value do global soundscapes have?
What definition of &quot;seamount&quot; is used by the largest utilised databases of seamounts?
How does the meridional overturning circulation affect sedimentation rates in the North Atlantic?
Why does the meridional overturning circulation take the convoluted path that it takes?
Why is Arizona the fastest-warming state in the U.S. (since 1970)?
Why is the eastern Pacific full of stratocumulus clouds, and why do they have so much variation in net radiation?
Why are there no crystals with 5-fold symmetry?
Life on Earth previous to us
What is a fault?
If there&#39;s acid rain, is there such thing as acid snow?
Does over-cropping large areas really change the amount of rainfall?
Historical atmospheric partial pressure &amp; Henry&#39;s law constant
Relation of El Ni&#241;o to Monsoons
Am I observing orographic rainfall?
North Indian ocean tropical cyclones
Which theory is stronger, that iron came from outside or was formed within earth?
Is there an earth science discipline, or subdiscipline, that only studies magma or lava?
How will the rising ocean affect aquatic life?
Why are there more intense earthquakes in Iran than in Iraq?
What&#39;s the contribution of different types of river sources?
How long does one touch on a stalagmite/stalactite lasts?
coriolis force in atmospheric/ocean modeling
Is Atlanta too far inland and too far above sea level to be affected by the comet in &quot;Deep Impact&quot;?
How do I interpret the specs of a weather balloon?
Would it be wise to monitor real time human activity to anticipate earthquakes?
What geological processes affect the speed of Kilauea, Hawaiian lava flows?
Is there evidence to delineate where a southern extension of the East African Rift &#39;plate boundary&#39; is developing?
Monsoonal interactions with mid latitude disturbances
How do archaeologists address time dilation when analyzing carbon dating results?
Is the Principle of Original Horizontality a good indicator?
Interpreting some hydropower data. What does DSF mean in this context?
Will a volcano erupt in Australia soon?
Is the Principle of Fossil Succession accurate?
Could Earth have had a greater axial tilt?
What does the absence of passive margins between 1740-1600 million years ago tell us about the tectonic environment at that time?
What causes the semi-annual mesospheric meteoric potassium variability?
How do perennial rivers in high alpine areas maintain year round flows?
Statistical weather prediction
What precursor geological activity occurred prior to the Par&#237;cutin Volcano eruption in 1943?
What is the long term impact of large scale removal of material from subterraneal caches on the structural integrity of the soil?
How to Calculate the Equilibrum Function for use in Tide Calculations using Harmonic Constituents
NASA GLAS Lidar Data Format
Is there an estimate for the length of the American Cordillera?
Will global climate change alter the interannual and/or intraseasonal variance of temperature and/or precipitation?
Shallow water height as vertical coordinate
Bulk and dynamic viscosity in the atmosphere
What is the origin of the Laacher See caldera magma in Germany?
TRMM rainfall measurement for synoptic systems
Sand on the beaches of Kanyakumari, India
Why is seawater saline?
What impact on climate did 2011 earthquake and tsunami have?
Is wave spectrum always positive and why?
Has a reduction in car use ever had an effect on the ozone layer?
Why does part of the P-wave convert into a S-wave with an increase of incidence angle?
When calculating flood recurrence intervals, do you use annual instantaneous peak flows?
Did a crater cause the break up of Gondwanaland &amp; separate Australia from Antarctica
Thermohaline Circulation in the Oceans
How reliable were early measurements of palaeomagnetic directions?
What is the earliest tropical cyclone in record?
Dependence of solar irradiation through the atmosphere on Sun&#39;s altitude
Incised valleys and hydrocarbon potential
What are Horton&#39;s laws?
Do large-scale modes of variability (like NAM/SAM/ENSO) exist in the ocean?
How does heat get transported between the surface layer, twilight zone, and the deep ocean?
How much carbon is sequestered out of the atmosphere through marine snow?
How do we measure the total amount of variation in height of Earth&#39;s topography?
Why is my ♦ hammer (i.e. diamond) so durable, but it can burn?
What type of rock is this?
What made the Grand Canyon the &quot;greatest&quot; canyon in the world
Were dinosaurs with feathers common?
What&#39;s the difference between the upper &amp; lower mantle?
How can we measure the thickness of the Earth&#39;s mantle?
Is seismology really the only way to measure the thickness of Earth&#39;s layers?
What is the furthest observable phenomenon from Earth that is Earth Science?
Why is earth&#39;s axis tilted?
Are there more earthquakes near the equator or poles?
How does the lapse rate in clouds compare with the lapse rate of air?
What is a seamount?
How are jet streaks formed?
What determines the eastward speed that mid-latitude high pressure/low pressure systems move at?
How common is it for warm fronts to be responsible for record high temperatures?
Golden and red colored light even after sunset
Can thunderstorms be thought of as a heat engine?
How to reduce the atmospheric temperature artificially?
What is the time-lagged correlation between historical $\ce{CO2}$ records from ice cores and global temperature records?
If all the sand in the Saharan Desert were to be removed, what would the remaining landscape look like?
What reflects UV radiation more: stratus clouds or cumulus clouds?
Meaning of the C in the unit &quot;mg C L-1&quot;
What is the reasoning behind the statement &quot;Faulting will occur along the plane where the shear stress is the highest&quot;?
Slope of Saturation vapor pressure versus temperature-A parameter in Penman&#39;s equation
Where and how can seismic data for earthquakes and volcanoes be downloaded?
What geological events could cause a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) level 9 eruption?
What geologic features could this video game environment be modeled from, and how do they form?
Resources to determine temperature probability for a given location on a given date
What would the precursors to a repeated Lake Toba super eruption?
How do hybrid cars reduce carbon emissions (wouldn&#39;t they just transfer fuel emissions to electricity consumption?)
Pressure of condensation of an air parcel
What are the formula weight and gram-formula unit (gfu)?
Where can I find a table of ocean temperature pressure and depth
How to determine that sustained wind speed exceeded the threshold value?
Is it feasible to use depleted oil wells for geothermal production?
Is the Cameroon Line still an active rift zone?
Is there conclusive evidence to refute an earlier oxygenation of the Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
What are the mechanisms maintaining the Dune of Pilat?
What rocks are these?
Freshwater changes in time?
Pyroclastic flow protection
Differences between hydrothermal vents on Earth and Europa
Fictional Land - How can I keep dense fog in an area for half a day?
What type of storm cloud is this?
What is the tectonic explanation for parallel ridges in the Arctic Ocean?
What is the name of this feature on the Red Sea coast of Saudi Arabia?
Negative values of relative humidity in CFSR
What is the mechanism for deep-sea volcanism of the Gakkel Ridge in the Arctic?
How does the Sun heat the Earth?
Magma resultant from group 1 and group 2 elements?
Why can Thomsen&#39;s parameter $\epsilon$ be negative in VTI media?
Impossible or improbable? Hurricane crossing the equator
Why does lightning strike from the ground-up?
What started the Dust Bowl, and could it happen again?
(How long) would Earth&#39;s atmosphere last without a global magnetic field?
Similarities between grand circulation solvers and mantle convection solvers
Why do snowflakes form into hexagonal structures?
How much oil is created each year?
How would plate tectonics differ if Earth had no water?
Why does Coriolis determine the rotation direction of a cyclone but not my drain?
Are there any uncharted waters left on earth?
How is the mass of the Earth determined?
Why do the Siberian methane craters have smooth vertical walls?
How do we know the asteroids formed at the same time as earth?
What is the status of the Raymo &amp; Ruddiman idea that Tibet cooled the Earth?
Why is Earth&#39;s age given by dating meteorites rather than its own rocks?
How can the following equations for meandering rivers be theoretically obtained?
What would it take to confirm or refute the Snowball Earth Hypothesis?
Farthest point from the center of the Earth
How do weather models work?
Why is Europe warmer than North America at similar latitudes?
Estimating the permeability tensor of an oil field by remote sensing
What would be the temperature of earth if there was no atmosphere?
Is earthquake prediction possible?
How and why did the oceans form on Earth but not on other planets?
What causes &#39;positive&#39; lightning to be rarer, higher charged, and longer lasting than &#39;negative&#39; lightning?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core solid?
How much will sea level rise if all the polar ice melts?
Why does El Ni&#241;o only exist in the Pacific Ocean and not the Atlantic/Indian Oceans?
Are Richter-magnitude 10 earthquakes possible?
During the &quot;Ice Ages&quot; or &quot;Snowball Earth&quot; times, where was all the energy?
What are some of the strongest theories against the existence of mantle plumes?
Placement of crustal thickness estimation from 1D inversion of surface wave dispersion curves
Peak phosphorus - what are the sinks?
Would the Earth function the same spinning the other way?
Why do some planets have lots of $\mathrm{N_2}$ and others none?
How much have global GPP and biomass changed over Earth&#39;s history?
Equinoxes and solstices: start of the season or mid-season?
What sort of climate zones would be present if Earth was tilted like Uranus?
How would an icicle &quot;grow&quot; upwards?
Why was the initial theory of plate tectonics so controversial?
What do weather forecasters mean when they say &quot;50% chance of rain&quot;?
Is there any simple way of using the Coriolis effect to determine what hemisphere you are in?
What causes bottom water to rise?
How is ocean salinity measured from space?
Can pyroclastic flows cross water?
How are the banded-iron-formation iron-ores formed?
How to distinguish P, S, Love, and Rayleigh waves in a seismogram?
What is the steepest surface that can hold snow?
Where can obsidian be found?
How can the average coldest day of the year be before the winter solstice?
Is climate chaotic?
Is it true that a butterfly flapping its wings can result in a tornado in a distant location?
How is global weather model skill measured?
How can I improve the numerical stability of a coastal hydrodynamic model?
How can we guess the size of the Earth&#39;s inner core(and what it&#39;s made of)?
Will tropical cyclones form and be sustained in areas they previously were not due to global climate change?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core made of an iron-nickel alloy?
Does Earth&#39;s air leak into space over time?
Why do more tornadoes happen late in the day?
Is there any explanation for the large amount of sea ice around Antarctica in 2014?
Historically, how has the fraction of Earth covered by water changed?
What properties must a rocky body possess in order to exhibit plate tectonics?
Why is there a seasonal cycle to the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere?
What does it mean for waves to &quot;feel&quot; the bottom?
Could the extraction of energy by wind turbines be harmful to the environment?
What would be the first thing which will render the Earth uninhabitable?
Paleontology science fair ideas?
Why are weather kites no longer used (much) operationally?
Why did the Laki eruption of 1783 produce so much fluorine?
What tools allow a quick comparison of NetCDF output from ocean models?
What can we learn by studying lunar atmospheric tides?
How do tropopause folds form and do they have any impact on synoptic scale weather?
Why do tropical cyclones not tear themselves apart?
What are rare earths and why do they cluster near alkaline magmatism?
What is the cause of the jet streams?
Why do crystals, like quartz and diamonds, form in different colors?
Could earth&#39;s core lose its heat?
What caused the Younger Dryas cold event?
Why is Earth&#39;s outer-core liquid?
Is there geological evidence that the moon once collided with the Earth?
What are the applications of hydrostatic solvers vs non-hydrostatic solvers in numerical weather prediction?
Significant difference between averaged wind speeds and averaged wind power density, for wind generation modelling?
What was the Amazon like during Green Sahara?
What is the origin of the dominant atmospheric nitrogen content in Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Does vegetation contribute to long-term carbon sequestration?
How do we know that we are NOT in an &quot;Ice Age?&quot;
How much of the current global warming is due to human influence?
Can mining trigger earthquakes?
Is fracking likely to produce earthquakes?
Why does a subduction zone produce a serpentinization diapir rather than volcanism?
Why does the El Ni&#241;o Stop?
What causes intra-plate faults, such as the New Madrid fault?
What determines a mineral&#39;s hardness?
If 75% of radioactive material remains, how many half-lives have elapsed?
Is it possible for a sting jet to form over a continental landmass?
What are the physical upper bounds on the magnitude of an earthquake?
What geophysical events can (temporarily) increase the Earth&#39;s rate of rotation?
Natural nuclear explosions
What data does a skilled meteorologist look at to predict thunderstorms?
Why won&#39;t Yellowstone explode?
What were the tallest mountain ranges in Earth&#39;s geological past?
How much of a mountain is below the surface?
What are the differences between an LES-SGS model and a RANS based turbulence model?
How does anthropogenic heating affect global warming?
What is the meaning of -999 degrees Celsius?
Is the color of the sky the same everywhere on earth?
Why does Volcano Lightning occur?
Why deep ocean didn&#39;t freeze during snowball Earth?
What is this strange feature on Mars in Valles Marineris
Converting glacier volume to mass: what ice density to use?
Have there been any attempts to measure profiles through deep convective systems using dropsondes?
How do I explain why the Tibetan plateau is colder than lowlands at similar latitudes?
What are the major differences between weather models and climate models?
How long does it take for the ocean conveyor to circulate?
What temperature do small meteorites have on impact
Why do felsic materials have lower melting points than mafic?
Paleogene transantarctic seaway
In what geological situations can I find gold?
What is responsible for the underwater waterfall illusion of Mauritius Island?
Ice Coverage on the Laurentian Great Lakes
What is the force imposed by underwater currents?
Why does the so called &quot;tornado alley&quot; exist?
What factors affect the size of rain shadows?
What constitutes a blizzard in meterological terms?
Why do Earth and Venus have different atmospheres?
Why are most peninsulas oriented north-south?
Will model resolution have an effect on model spin-up time?
Does the Strength of Earth&#39;s Magnetic Field Influence Climate?
What factors determine the number of Hadley cells for a planet?
Is there a difference between rock and stone?
Can earthquakes contribute to Antarctic ice loss?
How do I convert specific humidity to relative humidity?
Do tornadoes have eyes?
How did helium deposits form?
Why is aerodynamic resistance defined inversely?
Break in human nitrogen input in 1990s
Are there secondary causes of sea level change?
How do urban areas affect rain?
What happens to global temperature when we stop all the vehicles for a year?
To what accuracy and precision do we know the volume of the Earth?
How many trees would I have to plant to solve Global Warming?
How is carbon distributed among the atmosphere, the oceans, the biomass and the unburnt fossil fuels?
Why are minerals found in &quot;large&quot; quantities and not scattered throughout the earth as individual atoms?
What is the status of meteorological data exchange standards?
Current consensus on the Messinian Salinity Crisis
What is the origin of the ocean&#39;s salt?
Why did people draw so many continuous squares in the sand on the beach at Cape Juby?
Is there value in using a model that fails at validation against measurements?
Where does the water from rain in rain forests come from?
Is it possible for rivers to freeze completely and stop flowing?
Why Vp/Vs and not Vs/Vp?
Why does Earth have abundant oxygen in the atmosphere?
Why is March colder than September in Northern Hemisphere?
Why don&#39;t cold fronts and other steep-gradient weather effects just dissipate?
What causes the Earth to have magnetic poles?
What is the origin of the Montmartre mountain in Paris?
Why Earth&#39;s magnetic poles are (and were) in their positions?
Are there situations where the groundwater table doesn&#39;t follow the morphology of the surface?
What do quasi-geostrophic and ageostrophic mean?
Naming convention for sea ice thickness per unit area of ice or ocean
Why does the colour of amethyst fade if exposed to too much light?
Did the impact event that caused the Chicxulub-Crater definitively and single-handedly cause the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction?
Can large (and wet) storms really trigger large magnitude Earthquakes?
What would a replacement for SEGY look like?
Are there any techniques for imaging the deep Earth besides seismic waves?
Does the Great Pacific Garbage Patch increase sedimentation rates over the patch?
How does the precession of the Earth&#39;s apses affect climate?
When can taste be used to help identify rocks?
Carbon Dioxide levels appear to be linked to the Milankovitch cycles according to Ice Core data but what is the mechanism?
Where can I get archived hourly temperature data?
What is a source of worldwide temperature data that also includes extreme weather?
Geomorphology of Mountains With Wind only Erosion
Can Venus be considered to be tectonically active?
How will increased $\ce{CO2}$ affect forests and other vegetative areas?
Why is there Uranium in Earth&#39;s Crust?
How significant is a 5-10 mb drop in pressure over a 20 minute period?
Does the heating of the oceans due to greenhouse effect negate the acidification due to increased CO2 levels?
What is a typical value of the P&#233;clet number for internal waves?
To what extent is hydroelectric power really renewable?
Potential explanations of Red Sea crossing
How do you calculate the depth of penetration in a Schlumberger array?
GOES Visible Channel - asymmetry between morning and afternoon
How are Earth&#39;s rotational changes due to large earthquakes calculated?
Which places on Earth would be affected the least by severe climate change?
What is the methodology to analyze future climatic extremes using the results of climate models?
At what point does plate tectonics stop?
What type of cloud formation is this?
What are the non-anthropogenic causes of The Netherlands&#39; low elevation?
What is the predictability of El Ni&#241;o/La Ni&#241;a?
Why don&#39;t scientists use fire entry suits to study volcanoes?
How does a &#39;fire tornado&#39; form?
Is Antarctic sea ice at record levels?
Did Jupiter really make Earth (in)habitable?
Why does phosphate rock contain uranium?
What was the ocean circulation like during the time of Pangaea?
How will cloud feedback effects on the climate change as the result of global warming?
How does one measure what causes earthquakes?
Does a green or yellow sky actually indicate a tornado?
Why do Tsunamis travel slower than sound?
How does remote sensing of ocean currents work?
Impossible or improbable? Hurricane crossing the equator
Why does lightning strike from the ground-up?
What started the Dust Bowl, and could it happen again?
(How long) would Earth&#39;s atmosphere last without a global magnetic field?
Similarities between grand circulation solvers and mantle convection solvers
Why do snowflakes form into hexagonal structures?
How much oil is created each year?
How would plate tectonics differ if Earth had no water?
Why does Coriolis determine the rotation direction of a cyclone but not my drain?
Are there any uncharted waters left on earth?
How is the mass of the Earth determined?
Why do the Siberian methane craters have smooth vertical walls?
How do we know the asteroids formed at the same time as earth?
What is the status of the Raymo &amp; Ruddiman idea that Tibet cooled the Earth?
Why is Earth&#39;s age given by dating meteorites rather than its own rocks?
How can the following equations for meandering rivers be theoretically obtained?
What would it take to confirm or refute the Snowball Earth Hypothesis?
Farthest point from the center of the Earth
How do weather models work?
Why is Europe warmer than North America at similar latitudes?
Estimating the permeability tensor of an oil field by remote sensing
What would be the temperature of earth if there was no atmosphere?
Is earthquake prediction possible?
How and why did the oceans form on Earth but not on other planets?
What causes &#39;positive&#39; lightning to be rarer, higher charged, and longer lasting than &#39;negative&#39; lightning?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core solid?
How much will sea level rise if all the polar ice melts?
Why does El Ni&#241;o only exist in the Pacific Ocean and not the Atlantic/Indian Oceans?
Are Richter-magnitude 10 earthquakes possible?
During the &quot;Ice Ages&quot; or &quot;Snowball Earth&quot; times, where was all the energy?
What are some of the strongest theories against the existence of mantle plumes?
Placement of crustal thickness estimation from 1D inversion of surface wave dispersion curves
Peak phosphorus - what are the sinks?
Would the Earth function the same spinning the other way?
Why do some planets have lots of $\mathrm{N_2}$ and others none?
How much have global GPP and biomass changed over Earth&#39;s history?
Equinoxes and solstices: start of the season or mid-season?
What sort of climate zones would be present if Earth was tilted like Uranus?
How would an icicle &quot;grow&quot; upwards?
Why was the initial theory of plate tectonics so controversial?
What do weather forecasters mean when they say &quot;50% chance of rain&quot;?
Is there any simple way of using the Coriolis effect to determine what hemisphere you are in?
What causes bottom water to rise?
How is ocean salinity measured from space?
Can pyroclastic flows cross water?
How are the banded-iron-formation iron-ores formed?
How to distinguish P, S, Love, and Rayleigh waves in a seismogram?
What is the steepest surface that can hold snow?
Where can obsidian be found?
How can the average coldest day of the year be before the winter solstice?
Is climate chaotic?
Is it true that a butterfly flapping its wings can result in a tornado in a distant location?
How is global weather model skill measured?
How can I improve the numerical stability of a coastal hydrodynamic model?
How can we guess the size of the Earth&#39;s inner core(and what it&#39;s made of)?
Will tropical cyclones form and be sustained in areas they previously were not due to global climate change?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core made of an iron-nickel alloy?
Does Earth&#39;s air leak into space over time?
Why do more tornadoes happen late in the day?
Is there any explanation for the large amount of sea ice around Antarctica in 2014?
Historically, how has the fraction of Earth covered by water changed?
What properties must a rocky body possess in order to exhibit plate tectonics?
Why is there a seasonal cycle to the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere?
What does it mean for waves to &quot;feel&quot; the bottom?
Could the extraction of energy by wind turbines be harmful to the environment?
What would be the first thing which will render the Earth uninhabitable?
Paleontology science fair ideas?
Why are weather kites no longer used (much) operationally?
Why did the Laki eruption of 1783 produce so much fluorine?
What tools allow a quick comparison of NetCDF output from ocean models?
What can we learn by studying lunar atmospheric tides?
How do tropopause folds form and do they have any impact on synoptic scale weather?
Why do tropical cyclones not tear themselves apart?
What are rare earths and why do they cluster near alkaline magmatism?
What is the cause of the jet streams?
Why do crystals, like quartz and diamonds, form in different colors?
Could earth&#39;s core lose its heat?
What caused the Younger Dryas cold event?
Why is Earth&#39;s outer-core liquid?
Is there geological evidence that the moon once collided with the Earth?
What are the applications of hydrostatic solvers vs non-hydrostatic solvers in numerical weather prediction?
Significant difference between averaged wind speeds and averaged wind power density, for wind generation modelling?
What was the Amazon like during Green Sahara?
What is the origin of the dominant atmospheric nitrogen content in Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Does vegetation contribute to long-term carbon sequestration?
How do we know that we are NOT in an &quot;Ice Age?&quot;
How much of the current global warming is due to human influence?
Can mining trigger earthquakes?
Is fracking likely to produce earthquakes?
Why does a subduction zone produce a serpentinization diapir rather than volcanism?
Why does the El Ni&#241;o Stop?
What causes intra-plate faults, such as the New Madrid fault?
What determines a mineral&#39;s hardness?
If 75% of radioactive material remains, how many half-lives have elapsed?
Is it possible for a sting jet to form over a continental landmass?
What are the physical upper bounds on the magnitude of an earthquake?
What geophysical events can (temporarily) increase the Earth&#39;s rate of rotation?
Natural nuclear explosions
What data does a skilled meteorologist look at to predict thunderstorms?
Why won&#39;t Yellowstone explode?
What were the tallest mountain ranges in Earth&#39;s geological past?
How much of a mountain is below the surface?
What are the differences between an LES-SGS model and a RANS based turbulence model?
How does anthropogenic heating affect global warming?
What is the meaning of -999 degrees Celsius?
Is the color of the sky the same everywhere on earth?
Why does Volcano Lightning occur?
Why deep ocean didn&#39;t freeze during snowball Earth?
What is this strange feature on Mars in Valles Marineris
Converting glacier volume to mass: what ice density to use?
Have there been any attempts to measure profiles through deep convective systems using dropsondes?
How do I explain why the Tibetan plateau is colder than lowlands at similar latitudes?
What are the major differences between weather models and climate models?
How long does it take for the ocean conveyor to circulate?
What temperature do small meteorites have on impact
Why do felsic materials have lower melting points than mafic?
Paleogene transantarctic seaway
In what geological situations can I find gold?
What is responsible for the underwater waterfall illusion of Mauritius Island?
Ice Coverage on the Laurentian Great Lakes
What is the force imposed by underwater currents?
Why does the so called &quot;tornado alley&quot; exist?
What factors affect the size of rain shadows?
What constitutes a blizzard in meterological terms?
Why do Earth and Venus have different atmospheres?
Why are most peninsulas oriented north-south?
Will model resolution have an effect on model spin-up time?
Does the Strength of Earth&#39;s Magnetic Field Influence Climate?
What factors determine the number of Hadley cells for a planet?
Is there a difference between rock and stone?
Can earthquakes contribute to Antarctic ice loss?
How do I convert specific humidity to relative humidity?
Do tornadoes have eyes?
How did helium deposits form?
Why is aerodynamic resistance defined inversely?
Break in human nitrogen input in 1990s
Are there secondary causes of sea level change?
How do urban areas affect rain?
What happens to global temperature when we stop all the vehicles for a year?
To what accuracy and precision do we know the volume of the Earth?
How many trees would I have to plant to solve Global Warming?
How is carbon distributed among the atmosphere, the oceans, the biomass and the unburnt fossil fuels?
Why are minerals found in &quot;large&quot; quantities and not scattered throughout the earth as individual atoms?
What is the status of meteorological data exchange standards?
Current consensus on the Messinian Salinity Crisis
What is the origin of the ocean&#39;s salt?
Why did people draw so many continuous squares in the sand on the beach at Cape Juby?
Is there value in using a model that fails at validation against measurements?
Where does the water from rain in rain forests come from?
Is it possible for rivers to freeze completely and stop flowing?
Why Vp/Vs and not Vs/Vp?
Why does Earth have abundant oxygen in the atmosphere?
Why is March colder than September in Northern Hemisphere?
Why don&#39;t cold fronts and other steep-gradient weather effects just dissipate?
What causes the Earth to have magnetic poles?
What is the origin of the Montmartre mountain in Paris?
Why Earth&#39;s magnetic poles are (and were) in their positions?
Are there situations where the groundwater table doesn&#39;t follow the morphology of the surface?
What do quasi-geostrophic and ageostrophic mean?
Naming convention for sea ice thickness per unit area of ice or ocean
Why does the colour of amethyst fade if exposed to too much light?
Did the impact event that caused the Chicxulub-Crater definitively and single-handedly cause the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction?
Can large (and wet) storms really trigger large magnitude Earthquakes?
What would a replacement for SEGY look like?
Are there any techniques for imaging the deep Earth besides seismic waves?
Does the Great Pacific Garbage Patch increase sedimentation rates over the patch?
How does the precession of the Earth&#39;s apses affect climate?
When can taste be used to help identify rocks?
Carbon Dioxide levels appear to be linked to the Milankovitch cycles according to Ice Core data but what is the mechanism?
Where can I get archived hourly temperature data?
What is a source of worldwide temperature data that also includes extreme weather?
Geomorphology of Mountains With Wind only Erosion
Can Venus be considered to be tectonically active?
How will increased $\ce{CO2}$ affect forests and other vegetative areas?
Why is there Uranium in Earth&#39;s Crust?
How significant is a 5-10 mb drop in pressure over a 20 minute period?
Does the heating of the oceans due to greenhouse effect negate the acidification due to increased CO2 levels?
What is a typical value of the P&#233;clet number for internal waves?
To what extent is hydroelectric power really renewable?
Potential explanations of Red Sea crossing
How do you calculate the depth of penetration in a Schlumberger array?
GOES Visible Channel - asymmetry between morning and afternoon
How are Earth&#39;s rotational changes due to large earthquakes calculated?
Which places on Earth would be affected the least by severe climate change?
What is the methodology to analyze future climatic extremes using the results of climate models?
At what point does plate tectonics stop?
What type of cloud formation is this?
What are the non-anthropogenic causes of The Netherlands&#39; low elevation?
What is the predictability of El Ni&#241;o/La Ni&#241;a?
Why don&#39;t scientists use fire entry suits to study volcanoes?
How does a &#39;fire tornado&#39; form?
Is Antarctic sea ice at record levels?
Did Jupiter really make Earth (in)habitable?
Why does phosphate rock contain uranium?
What was the ocean circulation like during the time of Pangaea?
How will cloud feedback effects on the climate change as the result of global warming?
How does one measure what causes earthquakes?
Does a green or yellow sky actually indicate a tornado?
Why do Tsunamis travel slower than sound?
How does remote sensing of ocean currents work?
Why does El Ni&#241;o enhance the jet stream?
How can I estimate a 2 m temperature from / in an atmospheric model?
Will the Earth ever stop rotating?
Sea Level in Paleogeographic Maps
How to measure stretching direction on chocolate-tablet boudins?
What influences tide-height the most? Can I guess the height by looking on a globe?
How and where do double-terminated crystals form?
What is a good definition of the word &quot;rock&quot; for teaching?
How are subsurface wave speeds determined without subsurface sensors?
How do mantle plumes travel from the core of Earth to the crust?
Why does the Hadley cell descend at 30 degrees?
Barite and Acantharians
How did tectonic plates originally come to form?
What causes waves to form the characteristic &quot;breaking&quot; shape as they approach the shoreline?
Where does wind come from?
Cloud-to-ground lightning in Florida?
How accurate are climate proxies in giving us a clear picture of global average temperatures throughout Earth history?
What lithologies are deemed most suitable for the storage of nuclear waste
How can scientists be confident of isotope ratios in past eras and varied locations, used for radiometric dating?
Where can I obtain ocean wave data of the Southeast Asian region?
What is the difference between a high-resolution model and a regular model run?
In what sense did the Oklo reactor &quot;trap&quot; its own nuclear waste?
What is the range of possible atmospheric pressures on the surface of the Earth?
What can I use as a heatproof, non-magnetic glue for samples?
Is Mars&#39; mantle homogeneous or heterogeneous and what might this say about mantle convection?
Why does Mars&#39; experience an &#39;ice age&#39; at high axis obliquity, when Earth experiences an ice age at low axis obliquity
Are ice-ages dependent on an un-equal distribution of land-masses?
What is the appropriate vertical datum to use globally?
Why is there no middle ground between tornadoes and hurricanes?
Great Lakes - cookie cutter clouds
What are the differences between implicit and explicit methods when applied to modelling Earth systems?
Interpolating spatial data in contiguous sea areas only
Can the overuse of geothermal energy become an environmental concern?
How are the patterns in solid rock born
What exactly is wind velocity
Interpretation of a seismogram (three components)
How did this rock dome (pictured) form?
Zeolites, odor control, and the witchcraft of sunlight
How many percent of volcanoes are glaciated?
How much fossil fuel came from the Carboniferous?
How much would the Greenland landmass isostatic rebound contribute to long term climate change?
Is there a standard definition of a &quot;dry-down&quot; event in hydrology?
Academic but accessible defense of the scientific understanding of anthropogenic climate change?
Optimized interpolation method with fixed-location sample data points?
Is it possible to create an enclosed manmade weather system?
How much of the underwater land masses within the arctic ocean is considered continental shelf?
How stable is the Gulf Stream? Could it stop suddenly?
Olympus Mons sized volcano on Earth?
When did/will peak conventional oil happen?
Would it be geographically feasible to store water on land to counteract sea level rise?
Ore deposits buried under cities?
Width of strata in stratigraphic column
Why does the Inter tropical Convergence Zone shift?
Is there a name for this type of ice crystal?
What is the area with the largest velocity vertical shear in the ocean?
About meddies: what are they? How do they form? How are they maintained?
What causes these banded clouds?
Software for sediment transport modeling
Why does sea level correspond to boundary between oceanic and continental crust?
How were we able to measure carbon dioxide levels in earlier climates?
What are the impacts of sublimation on an annual mountain snowpack?
Why does every tsunami travel differently?
Are sandstorms like regular storms?
How much Uranium is there in the Earth&#39;s Crust?
Why is earth not a sphere?
What, if any, paleoclimate data can be derived from stromatolite fossils?
What determines the spectrum of high and low frequency waves emitted by an earthquake?
Biogenic origin of authigenic zeolites
What caused the Cretaceous uplift of the Harz mountains (Germany)
Can concretions form in non-sedimentary rocks?
Does anyone know of a DBMS with global geospatial search?
Why does the shoreline sometimes recede prior to a Tsunami?
Is it possible to forecast ocean salinity 100 years into the future?
Are mantle plumes distributed around the core randomly or in a known pattern?
Why do those glaciers form on the lee side of the mountains?
Why does the earth spin clockwise?
How can I tell if a rock is really petrified wood?
Why is there a daily inequality for low tides?
Why does the rising of high clouds due to climate change impart positive radiative feedback on radiative forcing?
Recharge a dry aquifer?
How do seismologists locate the epicenter and focus of an earthquake?
How to interpret the use of late and early Tertiary from older literature?
Do ringwoodite minerals point to an &quot;ocean&#39;s worth&quot; of water, or a true subterranean ocean?
Are the processes of the rock cycle currently in dynamic equilibrium?
Why is the Atlantic Hurricane Season defined as being between June 1 and November 30?
What is the tallest fully underwater seamount in the world?
Does volcanic activity fluctuate?
Why are methane spectroscopic parameters harder to determine and relatively poorly known, compared to other Earth trace gases?
What would happen if we could revert $\mathrm{CO}_2$ production but took it too far?
Why is Montana warmer than Wyoming?
Model types: Robust diagnostic versus prognostic
Is the poleward migration of the maximum intensity of cyclones a result of tropical expansion or are there some other contributing factors?
Fine particulate matter - Why the lack of attention? What can be done to tackle it?
When a tectonic plate subducts, does any of the subducted material melt, or is it just the mantle above the subducted slab that melts?
How long does it take for the atmosphere to mix?
How does radiogenic argon-40 get into the atmosphere?
How do meteorologists grade their past forecasts?
Ozone gas (O₃) endurance in the atmosphere
What are the guidelines for constructing variable names that follow CF conventions?
July/August hottest months (northern hemisphere): because of continued warming or other effects?
Probability distribution of fault throw displacement and height limiting mechanisms
Winds in a northern hemisphere hurricane
Determining a rock age using volcanic ash layer
Is there a way to find the direction to land in the middle of an ocean?
Propagation of sound after lightning
Is the urban heat island effect stronger during a particular season or part of the year?
What is the &#39;natural variation&#39; in global temperature that many skeptics mention?
Is there a convenient place to get vertical wind shear info for my location?
How do I find the volume of ocean between any two layers of ocean depth?
How is the Rossby Radius used to determine that synoptic weather systems are 1000-2000km across?
Temperature as a function of luminosity and greenhouse gas concentrations
How could humans alter storm intensity or direction other than cloud seeding?
Is there such a thing as a &quot;basalt dike&quot;?
Generic pedo-transfer functions to compute field capacity and wilting point from sand/silt/clay?
Is the cause of Old Faithful&#39;s bimodal distribution for eruption times straightforward?
How many joules are required to mine a unit of coal?
What are the causes of the supercontinent cycle?
Sea breeze - magnitude of horizontal pressure gradient?
Are there any general-purpose climate-model coupling projects?
Looking at ocean depth/latitude profiles of dissolved oxygen and nitrate. Why is dissolved oxygen low when nitrate is high?
What is the mechanism behind changes in oxidation state (of iron, for example) as magma rises?
Why are alpine river water green - blue?
Why would volcano eruption cause cardiac arrest?
How can odor travel be tracked
Is it possible for a natural fluorescent mineral to glow from the sun&#39;s rays?
Turbidity/clarity vs optical depth
How much methane clathrates are buried in continental deposits?
To stop anthropogenic climate change, is it necessary to stop extracting petroleum and start pumping carbon under ground?
Why are there no hurricanes in the southern Atlantic basin?
What does the term &quot;Snow Interval&quot; mean?
Glaciology: odd pattern of smooth and ribbed chunks of ice in Antartica
From where do weather radar maps get their data?
How are Richter magnitudes of past earthquakes estimated?
Will dust storms be more frequent in the future?
What atmospheric radiative effects, if any, do contrails cause?
What is the definition of a continent?
What is the oldest sediment?
How deep is the permafrost in the Antarctic?
Are cloudy night warmer than nights without clouds?
What geophysical knowledge have we learned by the construction of IceCube?
Is there a database of global rainfall time series?
How important is understanding linear algebra in groundwater modeling?
How much of earth&#39;s molecular oxygen in the atmosphere is due to plants?
How and why do these tree-like river structures form?
Will the Southern Ocean act as a net source or sink for atmospheric $\ce{CO2}$ in the future?
Numerical weather forecasting - resources for a programmer?
How to interpret hourly precipitation forecast?
Why do greenhouse gases affect ocean temp so much?
Is Iceland an example of a hot-spot overlying a mantle plume?
How do Kelvin waves determine surface temperature variations?
How do we measure the total heat content contained in ocean and atmosphere?
Why is heavy precipitation from atmospheric rivers more likely to hit the West Coasts than the East Coasts?
How do we measure (or empirically calculate) the amount of entropy in the atmosphere and oceans?
Why is the inside of the Earth so hot?
How does geothermal heating work?
What causes the beautiful Auroras on the north and south magnetic poles?
What is the percentage of the global water cycle (evaporation, precipitation) that occurs over the ocean?
Is the Earth&#39;s hot inner core necessary for life?
What are the differences between geology, petrology, and lithology?
Is there a database of the geologic/stratigraphic units of France?
What is caesium-137 used for in fracking?
How does a meandering river form?
Why does the meandering pattern of the jet stream itself propagate?
Coriolis effect and Cyclones
Does anyone know of a comprehensive listing of geostationary weather satellites?
How are organic walled microfossils preserved in the fossil record?
Phase changes deep in planetary interiors and their implications for surface tectonics
Why are oceanic plates denser than continental plates?
Alternatives to Plant Functional Types as parametrisations in land surface models?
What kinds of remote sensing required to observe methanogenic life on Titan?
How much heat is transported from the interior to the surface in the form of hydration enthalpy?
What is the current theory about the formation of Tibet?
How far from basalt bedrock can magnetometic survey find archaeological features?
Is Earth an organism?
Do normal modes of oscillation cause permanent deformation?
Bifurcation Scenarios in the Atmosphere
Has the number of natural disasters per year increased significantly in the years since human-caused climate change started?
Why is the troposphere 8km higher at the equator than the poles?
Exhumation of blueschist
Formation of flint &amp; chert in limestones/chalk
Are clouds significantly easier to simulate in weather models than climate models?
How do we know graptolites were pelagic?
Is there a piece of upside down foreign crust in the USA?
Is it possible to find the magma chambers that produce supervolcanos?
What is the motivation of using the Enhanced Fujita Scale in place of the Fujita Scale?
How would a Mars rover identify a microbialite fossil?
Where does the biggest land-based ice cap reside?
Why would a suite of related rocks have one anomalous sample?
Where to find an accurate Mercator Projection world image?
What are the scientific consequences of the lost of the Nereus submersible?
What geological processes can cause local biases in the fossil record?
How do climatologists define the &quot;start&quot; of a rainy season in a unimodal monsoonal climate?
What is the primary cause of the &quot;Norwester&quot; winds that affect parts of India &amp; Bangladesh?
What tidal databases are available to be used as model boundary conditions?
If it rains harder, does it mean the rain&#39;s duration will be shorter?
Percentage of dry land surface with sea level elevation lower than 1 km
How good were climate models of the 1990s at predicting the global temperature trends of the 2000s/2010s?
Is it possible to see Auroras from the equatorial region?
How to determine how long ago a rock was broken?
What are Tetens coefficients?
Average Aragonite:Calcite ratio in biogenic CaCO3 in the oceans
Is soil a renewable resource?
Why do Volcanoes give out so much Sulphur Dioxide and Carbon Dioxide?
The river or the hills; which came first?
Formation of limestone without living organisms?
How long does it take to form amber?
How does soil redox potential affect the rate of denitrification?
How long did it take for Earth&#39;s magnetic field to first appear?
How does the sand appear on Hawaiian beaches
How can you explain this storm phenomenon?
Why do gold deposits form only in certain areas of the earth?
What happens to the higher frequency content of the tremors associated with a volcanic eruption?
What caused the bend in the Emperor/Hawaii chain of islands, 45 million years ago?
Why are titanium oxides lumped in with magnetite for the purposes of analyzing water bubble nucleation?
Why is q used for specific humidity?
Why are alkali basalts found at rifting centres and on top of &#39;plumes&#39;, whereas MORBs are generally tholeiitic?
Are there any high-resolution urban CO2 concentration data sets?
Why is a layer of the subsoil so dark on this construction site?
What makes the conditions at the core/mantle boundary ideal for aluminum to combine with other elements besides oxygen?
What efforts have been made to separate the microseismic events related to wind-related ocean waves from the components of volcanic origin?
How old is Casiquiare canal?
What evidence is there for geological mechanisms that formed the Siberian traps flood basalt?
What is it about ancient craton geology that results in associated kimberlite pipes containing economic diamond deposits?
Why is colder seawater more compressible?
What is the importance of mixing caused by outgassing in the ocean?
What tectonic mechanisms cause the North and South Islands of New Zealand to be so geologically different?
What are the causes of lower UV radiation at lower elevations?
How to get cell indices from latitude and longitude in WRF model grids?
converting SU file to ASCII format in seismic unix using OpenSeaSeis
viable geothermal energy supply from exhausted fracked gas wells?
Color of ocean waters and Ekman pumping - what is the connection?
Equation for predicting contrail formation
Where did the energy released due to gravitational binding energy of the Earth go?
What is the age of the earliest traces of life on Earth?
Forecasting oceanic rogue waves
Do other terrestrial planets have &quot;earthquakes&quot;?
Regarding various types of atmospheric pollution
What is Geoalchemy?
&#39;Peak water&#39; in the Ogallala Aquifer, USA?
Stability correction factor in the Wavewatch III wave model
What is the geochemical origin of carbon dioxide with the &#39;white smokers&#39; of the Champagne Vent?
Dry atmospheric temperature profile (dry adiabatic vs. isothermal)
Can climate models reliably predict meteorological extremes?
Nuclear testing and the Anthropocene, a chemostratigraphic link?
Deuterium-less oceans
Does temperature affect partial pressure of gas dissolved in water?
Why is there a bend in the Lomonosov Ridge?
Is a San Andreas volcano possible?
How important is Sahara dust for the Amazon?
Why do most opal deposits occur in Australia?
What methods exist for remote profiling of oceanic columns?
What determines how fast clouds move?
How does the pole-to-equator temperature gradient scale with height contours?
How is ocean heat content measured?
How deep was the Vredefort Crater when it happened?
What causes &quot;hydrocarbons&quot; to take the form of petroleum versus natural gas?
Why is there a line of volcanoes along the northwest coast of North America?
What are the ramifications to life on Earth when the Earth&#39;s magnetic poles switch?
Why is the Yellowstone National Park unique for its geysers?
Why does the &quot;Ring of Fire&quot; pretty much define &quot;Pacific Rim&quot;
What factors determine the height of the turbopause?
Are Argo probe data used for numerical weather prediction (NWP)?
Why were no interferometers launched on weather satellites between the &#39;69-&#39;72 IRIS-D and the 2002-onward AIRS?
Are El Ni&#241;os stronger when there is a longer gap from the last El Ni&#241;o?
Can overshooting tops enter the stratosphere, or will they rather push the tropopause upward?
How are paleomagnetic polarities determined?
What generates the microseism?
Correlating the Caledonian and Appalachian Orogenies
How do we determine subsurface composition?
Equatorial Bulge and Tectonic Plates
Why does Earth&#39;s outer-core rotate in the opposite direction to the inner-core?
How do scientists determine the absolute or &#39;chronometric&#39; date of fossils?
How is the radiative efficiency of a given gas (like a given CFC) analytically calculated?
Use of Neodymium in Paleoceanography
Is there any correlation between La Ni&#241;a/El Ni&#241;o and seismic activity?
How was the Marinoan Glaciation triggered?
Why is colored seismic inversion called &#39;colored&#39;?
What causes &quot;shallow&quot; moonquakes?
Regarding the theory of the origin of water on Earth through meteorites, why wouldn&#39;t the water evaporate on impact?
How does El Ni&#241;o affect thunderstorm/tornado/CAPE activity in the central United States?
Is it true that &quot;[sand] grains in the Coconino Sandstone come from the Appalachian Mountains&quot;?
What kind of minerals have no cleavage plane?
What&#39;s the geological period of the birth of the river Ganges?
Estimate litter production
Identifying sedimentary rocks in hand specimen
How are minor tributaries of a river determined?
Synoptic weather predictibility under climate change scenarios
What does it mean when the depth of earthquakes get near the surface over a period of time?
Is the epicenter always directly above the hypocenter?
Is it right practice to validate temperature data with reanalysis data?
How do I derive the formula for lithostatic (overburden) pressure?
what are the ground motion prediction equations for 3-D ruptures?
P wave to S wave conversion
Is there any link between sea-water inflitration into groundwater and nitrate?
Are the elements of an averaging kernel matrix always centered on the diagonal, or can they be exclusively off-diagonal in rare cases?
What is this rock?
How will climate change affect the extent of the Sahara Desert?
How can I downscale daily values of relative humidity?
How has the relative ratio of igneous, sedimentary, and metamorphic rocks changed over Earth&#39;s history?
Is there a reliable way to identify regions with negatively-correlated winds?
Effect on sea level if the Earth stopped rotating
Odd structures in 66 year NCEP daily temperature reanalysis
What does groundwater consist of?
Determining the paleoelevation of mountain ranges
Are there significant amounts of rare earth elements on Iceland?
How to estimate dispersion in stratified flows
Epicenter location of the 900-930 A.D.,7.4 Magnitude Seattle Earthquake?
Why do rainbows appear to have a fixed structure?
Are there measurement techniques that can help determine the exact geometry of a volcanic vent?
What are these &quot;ship wrecks&quot; (pictured) in the old volcano crater?
Lake inflow-outflow problem
How does the composition of volcanic rock change as it makes its ascent towards the surface?
Does Contwoyto Lake empty into both Bathurst Inlet and Chantrey Inlet?
What are the factors that dictate a given topology for seismometer placement around a volcano?
How long until Earth&#39;s core solidifies?
How much energy is needed to alter the path of a hurricane?
What happens to sea level when a ship sinks?
How much silicon is in the Earth&#39;s core, and how did it get there?
Standardized scale for coastline length or mapping in general?
Is the Younger Dryas associated with an extinction event?
Temporal Resolution of Seismic data
What is hydraulic diffusivity?
Measuring bed dip angle from contour lines, which lines to pick?
Are there any metal anomalies other than iridium in the K-Pg boundary?
Relation between direction of shear and cyclone formation
Where does the symmetry of cloudy bands come from?
What is El Ni&#241;o Modoki?
What geological processes would &#39;restart&#39; subduction processes?
What, if any, paleoclimate data can be derived from igneous rocks?
What sort of instruments do planetary geologists use to predict that there are oceans on the moons Titan and Europa?
Why would magma have high amounts of nickel and chromium?
What caused a fall in atmospheric oxygen about 1.9 billion years ago?
What is the difference between an inertial instability and a symmetric instability?
Was volcanic activity more prevalent when the dinosaurs roamed?
What tectonic structures delineate the split between the Australian and Indian tectonic plates?
What does geochemical data tell us about Earth&#39;s earliest palaeoclimatic conditions?
Noctilucent clouds and anthropogenic climate change
Where does the lithium in Salar de Uyuni comes from?
Intuitive explanation of precipitation amount
What&#39;s the partition coefficient (D) of Nb for apatite?
Is there conclusive evidence for the Antarctic Circumpolar Current developing after the glaciation of Antarctica?
Active rifting in Antarctica?
Should total ground heat flux be 0?
What is the lowest latitude at which snow has been recorded at sea level?
How strong can a glacial icequake get?
How do we use oxygen isotopes as temperature proxy?
Sudden Localized Surface Water Temperature Increase In Eastern Lake Superior, Canada
What are these lake-like blue patches in the desert, visible in satellite image?
How Mauna Loa $\ce{CO2}$ monthly trends are computed?
How did sand dunes appear in the midst of a fertile region?
Does earth&#39;s size affect the temperature of the poles?
Distance to epicenter vs distance to focus
Two severe cyclones connected by a monsoonal trough
Why do tropical cyclones around Australia have erratic paths?
What is a Geophysical Model Function (GMF)?
Is there a correlation between hot springs and earthquakes?
Does bathymetry affect ocean topography/height?
What causes the different colours of the salt pits in the Saloum Delta in Senegal
What was the first rock in the rock cycle?
What causes the &#39;calm before the storm&#39;?
What will happen to me if I touch the aurora?
Does within-canopy wind direction correlate with wind above the planetary bounday layer?
What is the difference between roughness length and zero plane displacement?
Are there any quantities defined analogically to the virtual temperature, but for other gases?
Can we predict which annular modes existed during the time of Pangaea?
How will climate change affect the 3D distribution of lapse rate in the atmosphere?
How have global sedimentation rates changed over the last billion years?
Magnetic &quot;magnetic hills&quot;?
Any other fumarolic ice caves in the literature?
Why is there no High-Resolution Infrared Radiation Sounder (HIRS) on Metop-C?
How much cheaper is it to mount oceanographic sensors on elephant seals and other animals, compared using Argo floats and other abiotic sensors?
What is the Calcite Compensation Depth and what is its significance for carbonate deposits?
What are the key differences between warm and cold core cyclones?
Is a mega tsunami that will destroy America inevitable?
Horizon letter for bedrock
Why is a seismogram interpreted as a convolution?
What evidence is there that plant evolutionary history &quot;dances to a different beat&quot; than that of animals?
What tools are available to build unstructured grids for ocean models?
How can I plot a Skew-T log-P diagram?
Earth Science Search Engine
How can the &#39;abiogenic oil&#39; hypothesis be disproven?
Why does volcanic dust pose such a hazard to air travel?
How long to melt all the polar ice?
Do seismic travel times from one location to another differ based on factors other than distance?
Transfer precipitation forecast in mm to expected snowfall in cm
How to determine the transmissivity of a system of rocks and faults from the stationary drawdown pattern?
What geophysical instruments should I use to detect water without drilling?
Why are some theories as to the cause of glacation less popular among the scientific community?
What determines the differences in results between various weather models?
Does the meridional overturning circulation slow down the temperature increase from global warming?
How much is Iceland/Norway/Western Europe warmed up by the Meriodional Overturning Circulation?
How was the atmospheric/oceanic circulation different prior to the formation of the Isthmus of Panama?
What is &quot;qflux&quot; and why is it important for climate models?
Sediment layer chronology
How much does the Meridional Overturning Current strengthen the Gulf Stream?
What is a massif and what differentiates it from other types of mountains?
Why does halite have perfect cleavage at the (110) plane?
Are there any photographs of mountains without significant erosion (on Earth or otherwise)
Argument for designing an ocean monitoring network based on satellite-derived chlorophyll-a concentration?
How are the thickness of ice sheets from previous glaciation periods determined?
Who are the 3% in the often cited &quot;97% of climate scientists&quot;?
Do fluctuations in radioactive isotope decay rates affect carbon dating techniques?
Weight vs. Mass of Clouds
Relation between fault rupture aspect ratio and slip rate?
Why does the Northern polar vortex usually have two centers?
How much does ocean cover percentage change between glacial periods?
Paleogeographic atlas software
Is the atmosphere becoming thicker?
Is it theoretically possible to artificially create amber?
How accurately can explosions be triangulated from the IRIS seismogram data?
What geological mechanisms result in the great depth of the Mariana Trench?
Given the well known effects of the inverse turbulence cascade for 2D flow, does it make sense to use grid resolutions that resolve turbulence?
Is it known what determines the rate with which plate tectonics occur?
What is the total Earth&#39;s interior energy budget?
How to calculate flow duration curve for a set of 12 year data?
How are spherulitic structures formed in basalt rock?
A parcel of air in an isothermal layer
Obtaining hourly weather data, including direct and diffuse insolation
How do you use the streckeisen (QAPF) classification ternary diagram to identify igneous rocks based on chemical rock composition?
What are the geological mechanisms for sea floor spreading in the Bismarck Sea?
Successful Earthquake predictions
What evidence is there linking melting ice caps and changes in tectonic movement?
How to calculate relative humidity?
Database of geological group or formation exposures?
What amount of permafrost carbon release could be expected with the IPCC worse-prediction of a 4.8C temperature rise?
Resources for learning the technical parts of atmospheric modeling
Why would there be no hydrocarbons in the Sveconorwegian belt?
What are the advantages in looking at an OLR map versus looking at IR satellite imagery?
How does one create petroleum/crude oil for future generations?
Have meteorites been found in the oldest sedimentary rocks?
Has an entire plate ever subducted?
What visual wave behaviour help to tell if a tide is going in or out?
Release mechanism for methane clathrate at the PETM
What is the reason why there are radiosonde measurements in the atmosphere?
Hypotheses about Silurian carbon isotope excursions?
Did a gamma ray burst contribute to the Ordovician mass extinction?
What is the difference between eluvium and alluvium
Why is there so much oil in Saudi Arabia, Venezuela and Canada, but almost none in Europe?
How global was the Bonarelli Oceanic Anoxic Event?
Pressure as a function of altitude
Relationship between illuminance and cloud cover
Why does air seem to affect local surface temperatures so much?
Why is the lithostatic pressure gradient 1 psi/ft? How is it derived from density?
How are &#39;Morning Glory&#39; clouds maintained?
What fraction of dry land is below sea level
What tectonic structures exist on the Eurasian - North American plate boundary in eastern Siberia?
Why is the concept of &quot;mass extinction&quot; a relatively recent development in geology?
Why is ocean surface velocity around 3% of wind velocity?
What&#39;s with this anomaly in this sounding (the CAPE and CIN readings)?
LWC and Absolute Humidity
Can impact events cause widespread volcanic activity on the other side of the planet?
What is the tectonic setting for the formation of the Great Dividing Range in Australia?
What are the criteria that make a planet (in)habitable?
Does the gravitational pull of the moon affect the composition of Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Extent of the Persian Gulf
Is it true that distance between earth and sun is closer in winter season (January) and farther in summer season in the Northern Hemisphere?
What is the age of the Gamburtsev Mountains?
About the effectiveness of sand-bags
Alpine schistosity
Pressure as a function of altitude above 11 km
Snow from Fire: Could graupel, or even snow, fall from pyrocumulus clouds?
How much has the total transport of the Antarctic Circumpolar Current changed over time?
Mega-tsunami, what is the greatest possible height of a tsunami?
How are critical loads of nitrogen deposition on eco-regions determined?
The climatological variance of albedo, soil moisture in weather models
Minimum flow duration curves
Do different lavas have different volcanic volatiles associated with them?
When will the Final Ice Age happen?
What causes the entrainment of atmospheric gases towards a volcanic ash/tephra plume?
How to measure the cycles of earth moving/rotation?
Change in weight since the time of the dinosaurs
Predicting school closures with historical weather prediction data?
How to compute the earthquake occurrence probability under ETAS model
The spiraling cyclone track - Cyclone Nathan
How is equilibrium of 21% of oxygen in atmosphere established?
How does Antarctica stay frozen?
Earth ocean basins
Using sodium chloride load as a point source pollutant variable in SWAT model?
Why does Aragonite form in one case and an acetate in another?
Does El Ni&#241;o increase the amount of heat that escapes into space, or does it increase the amount of heat trapped on Earth?
Are certain isobar temperatures higher in mountainous regions?
Can the clouds on Venus and Titan be categorized in the same way as clouds on Earth?
How will climate change affect the total kinetic energy in the atmosphere?
How has river to ocean flux changed over the last 500 million years?
What periods of the fossil record are most lacking in specimens?
Is there a standard definition of the term &quot;mountain&quot;?
Which are the biggest methodological differences between archaeological and geological approach to stratigraphy?
What supports the Rockies?
How can I create a CF compliant netCDF file?
What causes a volcano?
How is heat transferred from the core through the mantle to the crust?
What is the difference between a geologist and a geophysicist?
Why do tectonic plates have a tendency to drift closer to the equator?
Measurement of groundwater levels
Lab procedure for analyzing/assessing the presence of semi-volatile solids
Is Mount Everest currently getting higher or lower every year?
Is this graph showing the average temperature on Earth going back millions of years accurate?
What is the difference between a &quot;flood&quot; and a &quot;flash flood&quot;?
Is the Arctic sea ice volume increasing?
Project Mogul: Does upper atmosphere indeed have a sound waveguide channel?
Why is the warm phase of the Pacific Decadal Oscillation associated with stronger El Ninos?
How does the amount of mass in an atmosphere affect the seasonal changes and dynamics of the planet&#39;s climate?
Why does the wind periodically change direction?
How will climate change affect the latitudinal distribution of precipitation over each latitudinal region?
Was the Southern Hemisphere cooler during the Younger Dryas?
How much heat do hurricanes transport from equatorial to more polar latitudes, and from ocean to atmosphere?
Permeability of well screen as a limitation to a slug-in test
Who originated Taylor&#39;s axiom of lunar formation, and where?
The relationship between specific discharge and flux
Why is the Ring of Fire there?
Is ground level ozone dangerous to human health when other pollutants are not present, for example, at high altitudes?
Question about earthquake data attribute codes
Why is Sacramento so warm for its latitude?
How bad is a &quot;bad&quot; oil spill?
Where can we see the noctilucent clouds?
What would the geology and climate of a supposed landmass near the pole be like, assuming a thoroughly warmer planet?
Calculating Monthly Accumulation value of the Clearness Index KT
Geometrical differences of subduction zones
What is this Cape Breton rock?
What kind of coal did I find?
Why do Euler poles for plate motions not stay fixed in time?
Does the long-term ice-core temperature record provide reasonable evidence that the current temperature trend is not anthropogenic?
Per capita $\ce{CO2}$ emissions
What properties must a rocky body possess in order to exhibit the magnetic dynamo?
Iowa State GOES Visible Data - misaligned EPSG:4326
How can I find a large petrology dataset?
Strangely bright morning twilight over Switzerland
Understanding the Mercator Projection
&#39;Late Veneer&#39; on other planets
Why does seismic activity shed light on the inner core rigidity?
Laboratory simulation of the Earth&#39;s magnetic field
Does the climate have any effect on plate tectonics?
Are the &quot;polar vortex&quot; and &quot;cut-off lows&quot; over/near the Great Lakes new phenomena?
What are the tectonic implications of the Quaternary Igwisi Hills, Tanzania, kimberlite volcanics?
Alternative WMS servers for GOES-East satellite imagery
What are the high field strength and large ion lithophile (HFS or HFSE &amp; LIL or LILE) elements?
Are there locations on earth that only have one season?
What do the derivative or the integral of amplitude of a seismogram mean?
Is the temperature (even a bit) warmer in a forest?
Oceanic-atmospheric coupling between the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean basins
What are the tallest hydrothermal vents in the world?
Is there any consensus of what caused the Lusi Mud Volcano eruptions in Indonesia?
How isotropic is the Earth&#39;s inner core boundary?
What is the geochemical source for the helium detected in deep Arctic explosive eruptions?
Acidity of rock
The different types of plagioclase
Calculating the displacement of a fault
Canadian equivalent to AMLIS database?
Earthquake probabilities
Predicting volcanic eruptions by experimentally proven volatile outgassing observations
Climatology of the Indian Summer Monsoon - A modern consensus
Minimum sea-level pressure and maximum wind speed intensity relationship in Hurricane Katrina (2005)
Relationship between atmospheric density and atmospheric pressure?
What caused the high temperatures that resulted in the Cretaceous aged komatiite lavas of Gorgona Island, Colombia?
Source of water for the Great Artesian Basin in Australia
Weak flashes of light in the sky
Underwater rock conduit
What caused a measurable patch of Mt. St. Helens&#39; ash to be deposited across Oklahoma?
Water veins underground causing health problems
How do I prepare for the International Earth Science Olympiad?
How do we convert the seismic trace wavelet to zero phase which is in mixed phase?
Sea Surface Height Data
Vortices in the Atmosphere Sustained only by PGF
How has and how does the lithosphere affect climate change?
Climate on an Earth without an Axial Tilt
Characterizing earthquakes using accelerometer data
How have levels of outgoing longwave and incoming shortwave radiation changed over the last 20-30 years?
How do Rossby Waves in the ocean form?
How can I calculate the average latitudinal temperature anomaly between a city and all other locations along the city&#39;s latitude?
What are monsoons caused by?
Do river fluxes help contribute to long-term carbon sequestration?
How will climate change affect the entropy budget of the atmosphere?
How deep could the surface of the Earth&#39;s crust get?
How much total heat is contained in the upper layers of the atmosphere?
Is there a standard definition of a hill?
Checking the bedrock with radiowaves - how does it work?
What is the concentration of silver in tap or freshwater in the United kingdom
Is global warming occuring only because of humans?
A good book or source for climate science and meteorology basics?
What are the domains of Earth Science?
Why are most cirrus clouds present over the equator and over tropical continents?
What are some options for online and offline particle tracking in ocean models?
Is a billion years of Earth&#39;s history missing?
What, if any, scientific value do global soundscapes have?
What definition of &quot;seamount&quot; is used by the largest utilised databases of seamounts?
How does the meridional overturning circulation affect sedimentation rates in the North Atlantic?
Why does the meridional overturning circulation take the convoluted path that it takes?
Why is Arizona the fastest-warming state in the U.S. (since 1970)?
Why is the eastern Pacific full of stratocumulus clouds, and why do they have so much variation in net radiation?
Why are there no crystals with 5-fold symmetry?
Life on Earth previous to us
What is a fault?
If there&#39;s acid rain, is there such thing as acid snow?
Does over-cropping large areas really change the amount of rainfall?
Historical atmospheric partial pressure &amp; Henry&#39;s law constant
Relation of El Ni&#241;o to Monsoons
Am I observing orographic rainfall?
North Indian ocean tropical cyclones
Which theory is stronger, that iron came from outside or was formed within earth?
Is there an earth science discipline, or subdiscipline, that only studies magma or lava?
How will the rising ocean affect aquatic life?
Why are there more intense earthquakes in Iran than in Iraq?
What&#39;s the contribution of different types of river sources?
How long does one touch on a stalagmite/stalactite lasts?
coriolis force in atmospheric/ocean modeling
Is Atlanta too far inland and too far above sea level to be affected by the comet in &quot;Deep Impact&quot;?
How do I interpret the specs of a weather balloon?
Would it be wise to monitor real time human activity to anticipate earthquakes?
What geological processes affect the speed of Kilauea, Hawaiian lava flows?
Is there evidence to delineate where a southern extension of the East African Rift &#39;plate boundary&#39; is developing?
Monsoonal interactions with mid latitude disturbances
How do archaeologists address time dilation when analyzing carbon dating results?
Is the Principle of Original Horizontality a good indicator?
Interpreting some hydropower data. What does DSF mean in this context?
Will a volcano erupt in Australia soon?
Is the Principle of Fossil Succession accurate?
Could Earth have had a greater axial tilt?
What does the absence of passive margins between 1740-1600 million years ago tell us about the tectonic environment at that time?
What causes the semi-annual mesospheric meteoric potassium variability?
How do perennial rivers in high alpine areas maintain year round flows?
Statistical weather prediction
What precursor geological activity occurred prior to the Par&#237;cutin Volcano eruption in 1943?
What is the long term impact of large scale removal of material from subterraneal caches on the structural integrity of the soil?
How to Calculate the Equilibrum Function for use in Tide Calculations using Harmonic Constituents
NASA GLAS Lidar Data Format
Is there an estimate for the length of the American Cordillera?
Will global climate change alter the interannual and/or intraseasonal variance of temperature and/or precipitation?
Shallow water height as vertical coordinate
Bulk and dynamic viscosity in the atmosphere
What is the origin of the Laacher See caldera magma in Germany?
TRMM rainfall measurement for synoptic systems
Sand on the beaches of Kanyakumari, India
Why is seawater saline?
What impact on climate did 2011 earthquake and tsunami have?
Is wave spectrum always positive and why?
Has a reduction in car use ever had an effect on the ozone layer?
Why does part of the P-wave convert into a S-wave with an increase of incidence angle?
When calculating flood recurrence intervals, do you use annual instantaneous peak flows?
Did a crater cause the break up of Gondwanaland &amp; separate Australia from Antarctica
Thermohaline Circulation in the Oceans
How reliable were early measurements of palaeomagnetic directions?
What is the earliest tropical cyclone in record?
Dependence of solar irradiation through the atmosphere on Sun&#39;s altitude
Incised valleys and hydrocarbon potential
What are Horton&#39;s laws?
Do large-scale modes of variability (like NAM/SAM/ENSO) exist in the ocean?
How does heat get transported between the surface layer, twilight zone, and the deep ocean?
How much carbon is sequestered out of the atmosphere through marine snow?
How do we measure the total amount of variation in height of Earth&#39;s topography?
Why is my ♦ hammer (i.e. diamond) so durable, but it can burn?
What type of rock is this?
What made the Grand Canyon the &quot;greatest&quot; canyon in the world
Were dinosaurs with feathers common?
What&#39;s the difference between the upper &amp; lower mantle?
How can we measure the thickness of the Earth&#39;s mantle?
Is seismology really the only way to measure the thickness of Earth&#39;s layers?
What is the furthest observable phenomenon from Earth that is Earth Science?
Why is earth&#39;s axis tilted?
Are there more earthquakes near the equator or poles?
How does the lapse rate in clouds compare with the lapse rate of air?
What is a seamount?
How are jet streaks formed?
What determines the eastward speed that mid-latitude high pressure/low pressure systems move at?
How common is it for warm fronts to be responsible for record high temperatures?
Golden and red colored light even after sunset
Can thunderstorms be thought of as a heat engine?
How to reduce the atmospheric temperature artificially?
What is the time-lagged correlation between historical $\ce{CO2}$ records from ice cores and global temperature records?
If all the sand in the Saharan Desert were to be removed, what would the remaining landscape look like?
What reflects UV radiation more: stratus clouds or cumulus clouds?
Meaning of the C in the unit &quot;mg C L-1&quot;
What is the reasoning behind the statement &quot;Faulting will occur along the plane where the shear stress is the highest&quot;?
Slope of Saturation vapor pressure versus temperature-A parameter in Penman&#39;s equation
Where and how can seismic data for earthquakes and volcanoes be downloaded?
What geological events could cause a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) level 9 eruption?
What geologic features could this video game environment be modeled from, and how do they form?
Resources to determine temperature probability for a given location on a given date
What would the precursors to a repeated Lake Toba super eruption?
How do hybrid cars reduce carbon emissions (wouldn&#39;t they just transfer fuel emissions to electricity consumption?)
Pressure of condensation of an air parcel
What are the formula weight and gram-formula unit (gfu)?
Where can I find a table of ocean temperature pressure and depth
How to determine that sustained wind speed exceeded the threshold value?
Is it feasible to use depleted oil wells for geothermal production?
Is the Cameroon Line still an active rift zone?
Is there conclusive evidence to refute an earlier oxygenation of the Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
What are the mechanisms maintaining the Dune of Pilat?
What rocks are these?
Freshwater changes in time?
Pyroclastic flow protection
Differences between hydrothermal vents on Earth and Europa
Fictional Land - How can I keep dense fog in an area for half a day?
What type of storm cloud is this?
What is the tectonic explanation for parallel ridges in the Arctic Ocean?
What is the name of this feature on the Red Sea coast of Saudi Arabia?
Negative values of relative humidity in CFSR
What is the mechanism for deep-sea volcanism of the Gakkel Ridge in the Arctic?
How does the Sun heat the Earth?
Magma resultant from group 1 and group 2 elements?
Why can Thomsen&#39;s parameter $\epsilon$ be negative in VTI media?
Impossible or improbable? Hurricane crossing the equator
Why does lightning strike from the ground-up?
What started the Dust Bowl, and could it happen again?
(How long) would Earth&#39;s atmosphere last without a global magnetic field?
Similarities between grand circulation solvers and mantle convection solvers
Why do snowflakes form into hexagonal structures?
How much oil is created each year?
How would plate tectonics differ if Earth had no water?
Why does Coriolis determine the rotation direction of a cyclone but not my drain?
Are there any uncharted waters left on earth?
How is the mass of the Earth determined?
Why do the Siberian methane craters have smooth vertical walls?
How do we know the asteroids formed at the same time as earth?
What is the status of the Raymo &amp; Ruddiman idea that Tibet cooled the Earth?
Why is Earth&#39;s age given by dating meteorites rather than its own rocks?
How can the following equations for meandering rivers be theoretically obtained?
What would it take to confirm or refute the Snowball Earth Hypothesis?
Farthest point from the center of the Earth
How do weather models work?
Why is Europe warmer than North America at similar latitudes?
Estimating the permeability tensor of an oil field by remote sensing
What would be the temperature of earth if there was no atmosphere?
Is earthquake prediction possible?
How and why did the oceans form on Earth but not on other planets?
What causes &#39;positive&#39; lightning to be rarer, higher charged, and longer lasting than &#39;negative&#39; lightning?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core solid?
How much will sea level rise if all the polar ice melts?
Why does El Ni&#241;o only exist in the Pacific Ocean and not the Atlantic/Indian Oceans?
Are Richter-magnitude 10 earthquakes possible?
During the &quot;Ice Ages&quot; or &quot;Snowball Earth&quot; times, where was all the energy?
What are some of the strongest theories against the existence of mantle plumes?
Placement of crustal thickness estimation from 1D inversion of surface wave dispersion curves
Peak phosphorus - what are the sinks?
Would the Earth function the same spinning the other way?
Why do some planets have lots of $\mathrm{N_2}$ and others none?
How much have global GPP and biomass changed over Earth&#39;s history?
Equinoxes and solstices: start of the season or mid-season?
What sort of climate zones would be present if Earth was tilted like Uranus?
How would an icicle &quot;grow&quot; upwards?
Why was the initial theory of plate tectonics so controversial?
What do weather forecasters mean when they say &quot;50% chance of rain&quot;?
Is there any simple way of using the Coriolis effect to determine what hemisphere you are in?
What causes bottom water to rise?
How is ocean salinity measured from space?
Can pyroclastic flows cross water?
How are the banded-iron-formation iron-ores formed?
How to distinguish P, S, Love, and Rayleigh waves in a seismogram?
What is the steepest surface that can hold snow?
Where can obsidian be found?
How can the average coldest day of the year be before the winter solstice?
Is climate chaotic?
Is it true that a butterfly flapping its wings can result in a tornado in a distant location?
How is global weather model skill measured?
How can I improve the numerical stability of a coastal hydrodynamic model?
How can we guess the size of the Earth&#39;s inner core(and what it&#39;s made of)?
Will tropical cyclones form and be sustained in areas they previously were not due to global climate change?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core made of an iron-nickel alloy?
Does Earth&#39;s air leak into space over time?
Why do more tornadoes happen late in the day?
Is there any explanation for the large amount of sea ice around Antarctica in 2014?
Historically, how has the fraction of Earth covered by water changed?
What properties must a rocky body possess in order to exhibit plate tectonics?
Why is there a seasonal cycle to the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere?
What does it mean for waves to &quot;feel&quot; the bottom?
Could the extraction of energy by wind turbines be harmful to the environment?
What would be the first thing which will render the Earth uninhabitable?
Paleontology science fair ideas?
Why are weather kites no longer used (much) operationally?
Why did the Laki eruption of 1783 produce so much fluorine?
What tools allow a quick comparison of NetCDF output from ocean models?
What can we learn by studying lunar atmospheric tides?
How do tropopause folds form and do they have any impact on synoptic scale weather?
Why do tropical cyclones not tear themselves apart?
What are rare earths and why do they cluster near alkaline magmatism?
What is the cause of the jet streams?
Why do crystals, like quartz and diamonds, form in different colors?
Could earth&#39;s core lose its heat?
What caused the Younger Dryas cold event?
Why is Earth&#39;s outer-core liquid?
Is there geological evidence that the moon once collided with the Earth?
What are the applications of hydrostatic solvers vs non-hydrostatic solvers in numerical weather prediction?
Significant difference between averaged wind speeds and averaged wind power density, for wind generation modelling?
What was the Amazon like during Green Sahara?
What is the origin of the dominant atmospheric nitrogen content in Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Does vegetation contribute to long-term carbon sequestration?
How do we know that we are NOT in an &quot;Ice Age?&quot;
How much of the current global warming is due to human influence?
Can mining trigger earthquakes?
Is fracking likely to produce earthquakes?
Why does a subduction zone produce a serpentinization diapir rather than volcanism?
Why does the El Ni&#241;o Stop?
What causes intra-plate faults, such as the New Madrid fault?
What determines a mineral&#39;s hardness?
If 75% of radioactive material remains, how many half-lives have elapsed?
Is it possible for a sting jet to form over a continental landmass?
What are the physical upper bounds on the magnitude of an earthquake?
What geophysical events can (temporarily) increase the Earth&#39;s rate of rotation?
Natural nuclear explosions
What data does a skilled meteorologist look at to predict thunderstorms?
Why won&#39;t Yellowstone explode?
What were the tallest mountain ranges in Earth&#39;s geological past?
How much of a mountain is below the surface?
What are the differences between an LES-SGS model and a RANS based turbulence model?
How does anthropogenic heating affect global warming?
What is the meaning of -999 degrees Celsius?
Is the color of the sky the same everywhere on earth?
Why does Volcano Lightning occur?
Why deep ocean didn&#39;t freeze during snowball Earth?
What is this strange feature on Mars in Valles Marineris
Converting glacier volume to mass: what ice density to use?
Have there been any attempts to measure profiles through deep convective systems using dropsondes?
How do I explain why the Tibetan plateau is colder than lowlands at similar latitudes?
What are the major differences between weather models and climate models?
How long does it take for the ocean conveyor to circulate?
What temperature do small meteorites have on impact
Why do felsic materials have lower melting points than mafic?
Paleogene transantarctic seaway
In what geological situations can I find gold?
What is responsible for the underwater waterfall illusion of Mauritius Island?
Ice Coverage on the Laurentian Great Lakes
What is the force imposed by underwater currents?
Why does the so called &quot;tornado alley&quot; exist?
What factors affect the size of rain shadows?
What constitutes a blizzard in meterological terms?
Why do Earth and Venus have different atmospheres?
Why are most peninsulas oriented north-south?
Will model resolution have an effect on model spin-up time?
Does the Strength of Earth&#39;s Magnetic Field Influence Climate?
What factors determine the number of Hadley cells for a planet?
Is there a difference between rock and stone?
Can earthquakes contribute to Antarctic ice loss?
How do I convert specific humidity to relative humidity?
Do tornadoes have eyes?
How did helium deposits form?
Why is aerodynamic resistance defined inversely?
Break in human nitrogen input in 1990s
Are there secondary causes of sea level change?
How do urban areas affect rain?
What happens to global temperature when we stop all the vehicles for a year?
To what accuracy and precision do we know the volume of the Earth?
How many trees would I have to plant to solve Global Warming?
How is carbon distributed among the atmosphere, the oceans, the biomass and the unburnt fossil fuels?
Why are minerals found in &quot;large&quot; quantities and not scattered throughout the earth as individual atoms?
What is the status of meteorological data exchange standards?
Current consensus on the Messinian Salinity Crisis
What is the origin of the ocean&#39;s salt?
Why did people draw so many continuous squares in the sand on the beach at Cape Juby?
Is there value in using a model that fails at validation against measurements?
Where does the water from rain in rain forests come from?
Is it possible for rivers to freeze completely and stop flowing?
Why Vp/Vs and not Vs/Vp?
Why does Earth have abundant oxygen in the atmosphere?
Why is March colder than September in Northern Hemisphere?
Why don&#39;t cold fronts and other steep-gradient weather effects just dissipate?
What causes the Earth to have magnetic poles?
What is the origin of the Montmartre mountain in Paris?
Why Earth&#39;s magnetic poles are (and were) in their positions?
Are there situations where the groundwater table doesn&#39;t follow the morphology of the surface?
What do quasi-geostrophic and ageostrophic mean?
Naming convention for sea ice thickness per unit area of ice or ocean
Why does the colour of amethyst fade if exposed to too much light?
Did the impact event that caused the Chicxulub-Crater definitively and single-handedly cause the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction?
Can large (and wet) storms really trigger large magnitude Earthquakes?
What would a replacement for SEGY look like?
Are there any techniques for imaging the deep Earth besides seismic waves?
Does the Great Pacific Garbage Patch increase sedimentation rates over the patch?
How does the precession of the Earth&#39;s apses affect climate?
When can taste be used to help identify rocks?
Carbon Dioxide levels appear to be linked to the Milankovitch cycles according to Ice Core data but what is the mechanism?
Where can I get archived hourly temperature data?
What is a source of worldwide temperature data that also includes extreme weather?
Geomorphology of Mountains With Wind only Erosion
Can Venus be considered to be tectonically active?
How will increased $\ce{CO2}$ affect forests and other vegetative areas?
Why is there Uranium in Earth&#39;s Crust?
How significant is a 5-10 mb drop in pressure over a 20 minute period?
Does the heating of the oceans due to greenhouse effect negate the acidification due to increased CO2 levels?
What is a typical value of the P&#233;clet number for internal waves?
To what extent is hydroelectric power really renewable?
Potential explanations of Red Sea crossing
How do you calculate the depth of penetration in a Schlumberger array?
GOES Visible Channel - asymmetry between morning and afternoon
How are Earth&#39;s rotational changes due to large earthquakes calculated?
Which places on Earth would be affected the least by severe climate change?
What is the methodology to analyze future climatic extremes using the results of climate models?
At what point does plate tectonics stop?
What type of cloud formation is this?
What are the non-anthropogenic causes of The Netherlands&#39; low elevation?
What is the predictability of El Ni&#241;o/La Ni&#241;a?
Why don&#39;t scientists use fire entry suits to study volcanoes?
How does a &#39;fire tornado&#39; form?
Is Antarctic sea ice at record levels?
Did Jupiter really make Earth (in)habitable?
Why does phosphate rock contain uranium?
What was the ocean circulation like during the time of Pangaea?
How will cloud feedback effects on the climate change as the result of global warming?
How does one measure what causes earthquakes?
Does a green or yellow sky actually indicate a tornado?
Why do Tsunamis travel slower than sound?
How does remote sensing of ocean currents work?
Why does El Ni&#241;o enhance the jet stream?
How can I estimate a 2 m temperature from / in an atmospheric model?
Will the Earth ever stop rotating?
Sea Level in Paleogeographic Maps
How to measure stretching direction on chocolate-tablet boudins?
What influences tide-height the most? Can I guess the height by looking on a globe?
How and where do double-terminated crystals form?
What is a good definition of the word &quot;rock&quot; for teaching?
How are subsurface wave speeds determined without subsurface sensors?
How do mantle plumes travel from the core of Earth to the crust?
Why does the Hadley cell descend at 30 degrees?
Barite and Acantharians
How did tectonic plates originally come to form?
What causes waves to form the characteristic &quot;breaking&quot; shape as they approach the shoreline?
Where does wind come from?
Cloud-to-ground lightning in Florida?
How accurate are climate proxies in giving us a clear picture of global average temperatures throughout Earth history?
What lithologies are deemed most suitable for the storage of nuclear waste
How can scientists be confident of isotope ratios in past eras and varied locations, used for radiometric dating?
Where can I obtain ocean wave data of the Southeast Asian region?
What is the difference between a high-resolution model and a regular model run?
In what sense did the Oklo reactor &quot;trap&quot; its own nuclear waste?
What is the range of possible atmospheric pressures on the surface of the Earth?
What can I use as a heatproof, non-magnetic glue for samples?
Is Mars&#39; mantle homogeneous or heterogeneous and what might this say about mantle convection?
Why does Mars&#39; experience an &#39;ice age&#39; at high axis obliquity, when Earth experiences an ice age at low axis obliquity
Are ice-ages dependent on an un-equal distribution of land-masses?
What is the appropriate vertical datum to use globally?
Why is there no middle ground between tornadoes and hurricanes?
Great Lakes - cookie cutter clouds
What are the differences between implicit and explicit methods when applied to modelling Earth systems?
Interpolating spatial data in contiguous sea areas only
Can the overuse of geothermal energy become an environmental concern?
How are the patterns in solid rock born
What exactly is wind velocity
Interpretation of a seismogram (three components)
How did this rock dome (pictured) form?
Zeolites, odor control, and the witchcraft of sunlight
How many percent of volcanoes are glaciated?
How much fossil fuel came from the Carboniferous?
How much would the Greenland landmass isostatic rebound contribute to long term climate change?
Is there a standard definition of a &quot;dry-down&quot; event in hydrology?
Academic but accessible defense of the scientific understanding of anthropogenic climate change?
Optimized interpolation method with fixed-location sample data points?
Is it possible to create an enclosed manmade weather system?
How much of the underwater land masses within the arctic ocean is considered continental shelf?
How stable is the Gulf Stream? Could it stop suddenly?
Olympus Mons sized volcano on Earth?
When did/will peak conventional oil happen?
Would it be geographically feasible to store water on land to counteract sea level rise?
Ore deposits buried under cities?
Width of strata in stratigraphic column
Why does the Inter tropical Convergence Zone shift?
Is there a name for this type of ice crystal?
What is the area with the largest velocity vertical shear in the ocean?
About meddies: what are they? How do they form? How are they maintained?
What causes these banded clouds?
Software for sediment transport modeling
Why does sea level correspond to boundary between oceanic and continental crust?
How were we able to measure carbon dioxide levels in earlier climates?
What are the impacts of sublimation on an annual mountain snowpack?
Why does every tsunami travel differently?
Are sandstorms like regular storms?
How much Uranium is there in the Earth&#39;s Crust?
Why is earth not a sphere?
What, if any, paleoclimate data can be derived from stromatolite fossils?
What determines the spectrum of high and low frequency waves emitted by an earthquake?
Biogenic origin of authigenic zeolites
What caused the Cretaceous uplift of the Harz mountains (Germany)
Can concretions form in non-sedimentary rocks?
Does anyone know of a DBMS with global geospatial search?
Why does the shoreline sometimes recede prior to a Tsunami?
Is it possible to forecast ocean salinity 100 years into the future?
Are mantle plumes distributed around the core randomly or in a known pattern?
Why do those glaciers form on the lee side of the mountains?
Why does the earth spin clockwise?
How can I tell if a rock is really petrified wood?
Why is there a daily inequality for low tides?
Why does the rising of high clouds due to climate change impart positive radiative feedback on radiative forcing?
Recharge a dry aquifer?
How do seismologists locate the epicenter and focus of an earthquake?
How to interpret the use of late and early Tertiary from older literature?
Do ringwoodite minerals point to an &quot;ocean&#39;s worth&quot; of water, or a true subterranean ocean?
Are the processes of the rock cycle currently in dynamic equilibrium?
Why is the Atlantic Hurricane Season defined as being between June 1 and November 30?
What is the tallest fully underwater seamount in the world?
Does volcanic activity fluctuate?
Why are methane spectroscopic parameters harder to determine and relatively poorly known, compared to other Earth trace gases?
What would happen if we could revert $\mathrm{CO}_2$ production but took it too far?
Why is Montana warmer than Wyoming?
Model types: Robust diagnostic versus prognostic
Is the poleward migration of the maximum intensity of cyclones a result of tropical expansion or are there some other contributing factors?
Fine particulate matter - Why the lack of attention? What can be done to tackle it?
When a tectonic plate subducts, does any of the subducted material melt, or is it just the mantle above the subducted slab that melts?
How long does it take for the atmosphere to mix?
How does radiogenic argon-40 get into the atmosphere?
How do meteorologists grade their past forecasts?
Ozone gas (O₃) endurance in the atmosphere
What are the guidelines for constructing variable names that follow CF conventions?
July/August hottest months (northern hemisphere): because of continued warming or other effects?
Impossible or improbable? Hurricane crossing the equator
Why does lightning strike from the ground-up?
What started the Dust Bowl, and could it happen again?
(How long) would Earth&#39;s atmosphere last without a global magnetic field?
Similarities between grand circulation solvers and mantle convection solvers
Why do snowflakes form into hexagonal structures?
How much oil is created each year?
How would plate tectonics differ if Earth had no water?
Why does Coriolis determine the rotation direction of a cyclone but not my drain?
Are there any uncharted waters left on earth?
How is the mass of the Earth determined?
Why do the Siberian methane craters have smooth vertical walls?
How do we know the asteroids formed at the same time as earth?
What is the status of the Raymo &amp; Ruddiman idea that Tibet cooled the Earth?
Why is Earth&#39;s age given by dating meteorites rather than its own rocks?
How can the following equations for meandering rivers be theoretically obtained?
What would it take to confirm or refute the Snowball Earth Hypothesis?
Farthest point from the center of the Earth
How do weather models work?
Why is Europe warmer than North America at similar latitudes?
Estimating the permeability tensor of an oil field by remote sensing
What would be the temperature of earth if there was no atmosphere?
Is earthquake prediction possible?
How and why did the oceans form on Earth but not on other planets?
What causes &#39;positive&#39; lightning to be rarer, higher charged, and longer lasting than &#39;negative&#39; lightning?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core solid?
How much will sea level rise if all the polar ice melts?
Why does El Ni&#241;o only exist in the Pacific Ocean and not the Atlantic/Indian Oceans?
Are Richter-magnitude 10 earthquakes possible?
During the &quot;Ice Ages&quot; or &quot;Snowball Earth&quot; times, where was all the energy?
What are some of the strongest theories against the existence of mantle plumes?
Placement of crustal thickness estimation from 1D inversion of surface wave dispersion curves
Peak phosphorus - what are the sinks?
Would the Earth function the same spinning the other way?
Why do some planets have lots of $\mathrm{N_2}$ and others none?
How much have global GPP and biomass changed over Earth&#39;s history?
Equinoxes and solstices: start of the season or mid-season?
What sort of climate zones would be present if Earth was tilted like Uranus?
How would an icicle &quot;grow&quot; upwards?
Why was the initial theory of plate tectonics so controversial?
What do weather forecasters mean when they say &quot;50% chance of rain&quot;?
Is there any simple way of using the Coriolis effect to determine what hemisphere you are in?
What causes bottom water to rise?
How is ocean salinity measured from space?
Can pyroclastic flows cross water?
How are the banded-iron-formation iron-ores formed?
How to distinguish P, S, Love, and Rayleigh waves in a seismogram?
What is the steepest surface that can hold snow?
Where can obsidian be found?
How can the average coldest day of the year be before the winter solstice?
Is climate chaotic?
Is it true that a butterfly flapping its wings can result in a tornado in a distant location?
How is global weather model skill measured?
How can I improve the numerical stability of a coastal hydrodynamic model?
How can we guess the size of the Earth&#39;s inner core(and what it&#39;s made of)?
Will tropical cyclones form and be sustained in areas they previously were not due to global climate change?
Why is Earth&#39;s inner core made of an iron-nickel alloy?
Does Earth&#39;s air leak into space over time?
Why do more tornadoes happen late in the day?
Is there any explanation for the large amount of sea ice around Antarctica in 2014?
Historically, how has the fraction of Earth covered by water changed?
What properties must a rocky body possess in order to exhibit plate tectonics?
Why is there a seasonal cycle to the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere?
What does it mean for waves to &quot;feel&quot; the bottom?
Could the extraction of energy by wind turbines be harmful to the environment?
What would be the first thing which will render the Earth uninhabitable?
Paleontology science fair ideas?
Why are weather kites no longer used (much) operationally?
Why did the Laki eruption of 1783 produce so much fluorine?
What tools allow a quick comparison of NetCDF output from ocean models?
What can we learn by studying lunar atmospheric tides?
How do tropopause folds form and do they have any impact on synoptic scale weather?
Why do tropical cyclones not tear themselves apart?
What are rare earths and why do they cluster near alkaline magmatism?
What is the cause of the jet streams?
Why do crystals, like quartz and diamonds, form in different colors?
Could earth&#39;s core lose its heat?
What caused the Younger Dryas cold event?
Why is Earth&#39;s outer-core liquid?
Is there geological evidence that the moon once collided with the Earth?
What are the applications of hydrostatic solvers vs non-hydrostatic solvers in numerical weather prediction?
Significant difference between averaged wind speeds and averaged wind power density, for wind generation modelling?
What was the Amazon like during Green Sahara?
What is the origin of the dominant atmospheric nitrogen content in Earth&#39;s atmosphere?
Does vegetation contribute to long-term carbon sequestration?
How do we know that we are NOT in an &quot;Ice Age?&quot;
How much of the current global warming is due to human influence?
Can mining trigger earthquakes?
Is fracking likely to produce earthquakes?
Why does a subduction zone produce a serpentinization diapir rather than volcanism?
Why does the El Ni&#241;o Stop?
What causes intra-plate faults, such as the New Madrid fault?
What determines a mineral&#39;s hardness?
If 75% of radioactive material remains, how many half-lives have elapsed?
Is it possible for a sting jet to form over a continental landmass?
What are the physical upper bounds on the magnitude of an earthquake?
What geophysical events can (temporarily) increase the Earth&#39;s rate of rotation?
Natural nuclear explosions
What data does a skilled meteorologist look at to predict thunderstorms?
Why won&#39;t Yellowstone explode?
What were the tallest mountain ranges in Earth&#39;s geological past?
