Using old planes in video game; copyright?
Suboptimal A* Pathfinding Solution Example using Manhattan Distance Heuristic
How do i draw depth complexity(overdraw) in directx 11?
GestureDetection Issues - How do I make my Actor jump on Swipe?
How do I setup a changing layout for a game?
How to implement simple shadows on XNA?
Unity: Can&#39;t press space to unpause. Is this a Unity UI bug? Or maybe poorly written code?
What degree do you need to become a game designer,programmer,developer.etc
What is a good clock implementation for a multiplayer game?
Unity: Animation Controller: Does &quot;atomic&quot; attribute in 4.6.3 same with &quot;has exit time&quot; attribute in 5.0
Can a Distributed Interactive Simulation (DIS) protocol be used for an MMO game?
C++ exensible resource manager class with dynamic registration of factories
Unity animation editor having trouble to animate twice the same component
Unity: how do I edit a second scene when my objects are still in the first?
How to impale and stack targets correctly according to the collider and its coordinate?
How do I rotate and object around itself, and translate it at the same time?
In unity3D, is it good to use events more often?
Optimizing Texture Text Rendering?
Checking if object passed between two other objects
How to achieve high Level of Detail on 3D models
Entity Component System, How to decouple components need for entity as parameter?
Sprite Kit - containsPoint for SKPhysicsBody?
Normal mapping for Android and iOS
How can I implement hexagonal tilemap picking in XNA?
Why can&#39;t I rotate anything to be &quot;more than 360 degrees or less than 0 degrees&quot;?
Moving a Polygon based on Camera position [JAVA]
Recurring stalls in SwapBuffer
Understanding animations of controllable characters
Implementing FSM on multiple class UNITY3D
PBR Metalness Implementation: specColor at Value 1?
how to pick up multiple coins with Phaser?
Directx displaying selectable text
SharpDX - Character Skinning Different in Windows Phone 8.1 Emulator and Real Device
Is it a good idea to ask the user why he left the game?
DontDestroyOnLoad() doesn&#39;t work in Unity
Android online real-time multiplayer game solution
Need help creating points in an array
how to add specific line when it cross another line?
Hundreds or even thousands of &quot;slow&quot; running CPUs emulated on GPU?
unity 5 C# or Unreal Engine 4 C++
How do I create a custom tool in Unity?
Unity Frustum Culling Issue
What is DirectX 11&#39;s equivalent of D3DCAPS9::MaxVertexIndex of DirectX 9?
Custom arcade physics rate (e.g. bullet time)?
Understanding Unity 5 Car controller
Player Gravity Questions
cocos2dx - Bypass body contact
ArmA 3 Scripting: Delete vehicle depending on present players
Switching renderer off/on for an object in unity using C#
DirectX9 Skinning Animation(H/W)
Unity 5 - Error with code to make pitch changes based on distance
SSAO all jagged
Are references to other games considered an infringement of copyright?
how to stop camera at the end of world map when zoomed in
Why should i set glClearColor and setProjectionMatrix in render method many time in LibGDX?
Detecting a click on a tile
Binding C++ and V8 Javascript from Google
What is the correct multiplication order for a 2D matrix?
animation control problem
SelectBox in LibGDX doesn&#39;t display and freezes the program after a click
Filling a room with random furniture
Help on transition from one position to another
Draw many flashlights&#39; focused lights&#39; &quot;circles&quot; on a voxel engine map (and other objects)
How to achieve best performance in DirectX 9.0 while rendering on multiple monitors?
Unity3D - How do I make so when user moves the camera it doesn&#39;t go beyond the scene borders?
Will I have an easier time learning OpenGL in Pygame or Pyglet? (NeHe tutorials downloaded)
MMORPG Emulator, I need some Legal information....
Problems with First Person Camera in C++ OpenGL
Unity3D - How to tessellate 2D sprites?
Unity: Finding Objects Positions From An Array
Converted XWM(A) files get silence at the end
Planar scene graph
Looking for some insight on level mangment
SpriteBatch being drawn outside of Stage?
Game vfx tecniques for 2D and 3D games
How do I render an object&#39;s position trail of a constant length?
Client/Server best way of telling client which player it is
Implementing RPG Maker Auto Tiling
Monogame - stopping a custom shader (drawable game component) when inside another drawable game component
Simulation of ball movement in a 3d landscape. The easiest way?
C# - console application, array problem
2D Collisions side detection
Lookrotation of a gameObject in just one axis
What is AABBvsAABB Collision detection?
Implementing game state without switch statements everywhere?
Physics/Logic behind self-bounce
Problem with textures using DirectX file format in Irrlicht
Error in unity : The type or namespace name RigidBody could not be found
When does DirectX convert a vertex/pixel&#39;s depth from range Near-Far to 0-1?
how to make a sprite jump or fly and fall slowly
&quot;Accelerated&quot; Ray Tracing
Circle-Circle collision resolution
how to make coins explode out of monster in phaser?
need a Multplayer Poker Game Source Code using Java/GWT
How to stop 3D model from reflecting light like plastic
Surfaces not being drawn on game maker
Usage of math.Atan2 in a 3D coordinate system with Unity
Texturing issues in cry engine sdk
How can I shorten distributing iOS builds to our testers?
Is sidescroller movement just offsetting the background?, MonoGame/XNA
Using old planes in video game; copyright?
Suboptimal A* Pathfinding Solution Example using Manhattan Distance Heuristic
How do i draw depth complexity(overdraw) in directx 11?
GestureDetection Issues - How do I make my Actor jump on Swipe?
How do I setup a changing layout for a game?
How to implement simple shadows on XNA?
Unity: Can&#39;t press space to unpause. Is this a Unity UI bug? Or maybe poorly written code?
What degree do you need to become a game designer,programmer,developer.etc
What is a good clock implementation for a multiplayer game?
Unity: Animation Controller: Does &quot;atomic&quot; attribute in 4.6.3 same with &quot;has exit time&quot; attribute in 5.0
Can a Distributed Interactive Simulation (DIS) protocol be used for an MMO game?
C++ exensible resource manager class with dynamic registration of factories
Unity animation editor having trouble to animate twice the same component
Unity: how do I edit a second scene when my objects are still in the first?
How to impale and stack targets correctly according to the collider and its coordinate?
How do I rotate and object around itself, and translate it at the same time?
In unity3D, is it good to use events more often?
Optimizing Texture Text Rendering?
Checking if object passed between two other objects
How to achieve high Level of Detail on 3D models
Entity Component System, How to decouple components need for entity as parameter?
Sprite Kit - containsPoint for SKPhysicsBody?
Normal mapping for Android and iOS
How can I implement hexagonal tilemap picking in XNA?
Why can&#39;t I rotate anything to be &quot;more than 360 degrees or less than 0 degrees&quot;?
Moving a Polygon based on Camera position [JAVA]
Recurring stalls in SwapBuffer
Understanding animations of controllable characters
Implementing FSM on multiple class UNITY3D
PBR Metalness Implementation: specColor at Value 1?
how to pick up multiple coins with Phaser?
Directx displaying selectable text
SharpDX - Character Skinning Different in Windows Phone 8.1 Emulator and Real Device
Is it a good idea to ask the user why he left the game?
DontDestroyOnLoad() doesn&#39;t work in Unity
Android online real-time multiplayer game solution
Need help creating points in an array
how to add specific line when it cross another line?
Hundreds or even thousands of &quot;slow&quot; running CPUs emulated on GPU?
unity 5 C# or Unreal Engine 4 C++
How do I create a custom tool in Unity?
Unity Frustum Culling Issue
What is DirectX 11&#39;s equivalent of D3DCAPS9::MaxVertexIndex of DirectX 9?
Custom arcade physics rate (e.g. bullet time)?
Understanding Unity 5 Car controller
Player Gravity Questions
cocos2dx - Bypass body contact
ArmA 3 Scripting: Delete vehicle depending on present players
Switching renderer off/on for an object in unity using C#
DirectX9 Skinning Animation(H/W)
Unity 5 - Error with code to make pitch changes based on distance
SSAO all jagged
Are references to other games considered an infringement of copyright?
how to stop camera at the end of world map when zoomed in
Why should i set glClearColor and setProjectionMatrix in render method many time in LibGDX?
Detecting a click on a tile
Binding C++ and V8 Javascript from Google
What is the correct multiplication order for a 2D matrix?
animation control problem
SelectBox in LibGDX doesn&#39;t display and freezes the program after a click
Filling a room with random furniture
Help on transition from one position to another
Draw many flashlights&#39; focused lights&#39; &quot;circles&quot; on a voxel engine map (and other objects)
How to achieve best performance in DirectX 9.0 while rendering on multiple monitors?
Unity3D - How do I make so when user moves the camera it doesn&#39;t go beyond the scene borders?
Will I have an easier time learning OpenGL in Pygame or Pyglet? (NeHe tutorials downloaded)
MMORPG Emulator, I need some Legal information....
Problems with First Person Camera in C++ OpenGL
Unity3D - How to tessellate 2D sprites?
Unity: Finding Objects Positions From An Array
Converted XWM(A) files get silence at the end
Planar scene graph
Looking for some insight on level mangment
SpriteBatch being drawn outside of Stage?
Game vfx tecniques for 2D and 3D games
How do I render an object&#39;s position trail of a constant length?
Client/Server best way of telling client which player it is
Implementing RPG Maker Auto Tiling
Monogame - stopping a custom shader (drawable game component) when inside another drawable game component
Simulation of ball movement in a 3d landscape. The easiest way?
C# - console application, array problem
2D Collisions side detection
Lookrotation of a gameObject in just one axis
What is AABBvsAABB Collision detection?
Implementing game state without switch statements everywhere?
Physics/Logic behind self-bounce
Problem with textures using DirectX file format in Irrlicht
Error in unity : The type or namespace name RigidBody could not be found
When does DirectX convert a vertex/pixel&#39;s depth from range Near-Far to 0-1?
how to make a sprite jump or fly and fall slowly
&quot;Accelerated&quot; Ray Tracing
Circle-Circle collision resolution
how to make coins explode out of monster in phaser?
need a Multplayer Poker Game Source Code using Java/GWT
How to stop 3D model from reflecting light like plastic
Surfaces not being drawn on game maker
Usage of math.Atan2 in a 3D coordinate system with Unity
Texturing issues in cry engine sdk
How can I shorten distributing iOS builds to our testers?
Is sidescroller movement just offsetting the background?, MonoGame/XNA
Cocos2D-JS Windows App in fullscreen mode (Win32)
FPS issue between computers results in slow down of animations and moving
Visual Programming tool for creating game quests
Why is my gameloop slightly faster than 60 per second?
Game Logic Update Order
Domain-specific languages for scripting
Moving players into same square simultaneously?
Scrolling a WriteableBitmap
Spawning moving text make it disappear overtime
Cannot get the specific bounds of my Animation sprite?
Iteration over grid with randomly moving entities
Creating polygons with separate outline/fill colors in OpenGL
Is the standard collision detection in Slick2D too heavy for broadphase?
C# Triangle Triangle intersection
Will Android apps made with libGDX be slower the normal Android apps?
What do these Google Play Buildbox settings mean?
Instantiate a prefab and call a method from it&#39;s script
Is there any easy way to understand the Alpha Beta for Othello?
How to texture a surface generated by marching cubes algorithm?
Bad quality of the sprite in Unity
Hard time implementing AABB collision into a platformer
Combining two independent rotations relative to the world frame
Use both AddForceAtPoint and change velocity property?
Bubble shooter clone, structure for storing/adding of bubbles
Camera.WorldToScreenPoint not working with perspective
How can I analyze which level on which of three difficulty settings causes players to quit my game?
Instantiated Prefab Facing Wrong Way
How do I find the intersection point from the Expanding Polytope Algorithm?
iOS Facebook SDK, Games Start Playing post
Unity 5: Error when everything is okay(Object reference not set to an instance of an object)
trouble getting the lighting and material set up right
How to find sudoku puzzle database with solutions?
Calculating shadowmap coordinates for cubemap in shading pass?
Strategy game tile and unit storage
How can I create a collision like the ball and peg in Peggle?
Build the multiplayer part of a chekers game
Sprite collision with color?
Browser Game - Model or not Model
The Validity Of &quot;Else-IF&quot; in Unity (Or any C# for that matter)
How to figure out if I&#39;m on the right path
Update animation based on distance traveled instead of elapsed time?
How to make custom shaped holes in terrain
Jumping higher when the player touches a trigger collider in Unity
(Unity) Physics based movement vs Straight position change
Unity 2D - Object following target instead of moving towards it
2d camera shaking back and forth
What is a good design pattern for a typical space shooter (e.g. Ikaruga)?
Unity sprite with higher sorting layer not firing its OnMouseDown function
Storing a block world
Disappearring instances of VertexPositionColor using MonoGame
How do I draw a full screen quad in DirectX 11?
Separation of axis theorem implementation at normals
How can I create a fade effect between scenes in Libgdx?
Opengl textures change color of everything
How to retrieve vertex information from ID3DXMesh
Client-server architecture with box2d
How to draw multiple large background images using libgdx?
Suddenly cant run project in libgdx anymore
Octrees as data structure
Pixel buffers in SDL
Is spatial partitioning for collision detection an appropriate way for objects to &quot;know&quot; whats around them even if they are not colliding?
XNA - debugging
Unity 2D detect if swipe goes through an object
Finding flexible patterns in a 2D grid
3ds Max Skeleton Import into Unreal Engine Fail
Implementing monte-carlo tree search in a tile based game with units
How can I keep AI from getting stuck on each other?
Is there a trivial way to force SDL2 to render on resolution change or regain of focus after CTRL+ALT+DEL?
Spritebatch Vertex shader world matrix change after each draw
XNA C# Texture Atlases
Which image format is more memory-efficient: PNG, JPEG, or GIF?
How can a pygame image be colored?
Why are games locked at a certain frame per second?
Replace each white spot of image to radial gradient
How can I set up an intuitive perspective projection/view matrix combination in OpenGL, using GLM?
DirectX 10 - dimension of vertices passed to vertex shader
Rotate about a skybox
Porting WP8 to IOS GraphicsDevice Error (Monogame/Xamarin)
How to add a UI Text for keeping Score in Unity 5
InputManager in Unity
In Monogame, why is multiple tile drawing slow when rendering in &quot;windowed fullscreen&quot;?
Isometric Tile Selection with rectangular bounding boxes
XNA Starting a parallel Thread during a draw loop is slower than doing the same task in the main thread in update loop
Quaternion Slerp and Lerp implementation (with overshoot)
How to handle the birth and death of particle without reading from the buffer
Bug in XNA Developer function CalculateEigenVector() from the file &quot;xnacollision.cpp&quot;?
Different ways to pause a game
where should i go for documentation of 3d in cocos2d-x
Why don&#39;t C++ Game Developers use the boost library?
How to make a gameobject Scale up from another GameObject script
LibGdx - Move sprite in the direction of other sprite
How do I convert a Source engine NPC model to a player model?
Networking Pong Clone
Collision detection between draggable object and world objects?
Issue with rotating particle effects with DrawUserPrimitves
Collision in PyGame for spinning rectangular object.touching circles
multiple textures into one texture
When setting up the player in a game
Good approach in designing game classes
cocos2d + sneakyinput joystick multitouch problem
Pathfinding with move costs, grids, and arbitrary points
How to load in meshes efficiently into DirectX11
Scrolling effect after touch
How am I supposed to get game assets?
How to do monster AI movement and attacks server side?
Shader to mask image with polygon
Stepping through 3D noise to generate a cubemap for a sphere
2D game world engine
Is it possible or not to share a geometry among many meshes and applied a different shaderMaterial for each?
How should I move my 2D Player
Alternative to world/terrain editing with jmonkey
Speed needed to make a car jump from a ramp
Moving CCNode with constant speed in cocos2d
Opengl camera handling
XNA Distortion Shader problem
Pixel Shaders To Create Predator Effect
Using Appendbuffers in unity for terrain generation
How to find damage per second using Average Damage, Accuracy and Fire Rate Per Second?
supporting multiple resolutions on mobile (cocos2d, ios)
Create a 2D orbit trajectory like in angry birds space and a circular orbit
How to cast colored shadows
How to achieve anisotropic filtering
Unity provides wrong Input value if game is started with bumpers pressed down
How can I quantify a drawn line&#39;s straightness?
LibGDX - Best way of scrolling background
How to make Unity3D Camera focusing on one area?
translate-scroll repeated 2d texture using opengl shader
dynamic 2d texture creation in unity from script
How to build an AIManager class
Unity3d. Overlay of clothes on a human model
Rendering multiple meshes in directx11
How do I wrap an image around a sphere?
XNA: How to switch songs at the press of a button
Mouse coordinate conversion Libgdx
When saving data locally for a mobile game, how to protect it?
How to flick gameObject using Touch?
Can you use freely the Klingon Language in your game?
How to animate Frog jump from one point to another point on a single touch event
LibGDX - Accelerometer Problems
Using Smaller Textures in Unity on Older/Smaller devices
Why do I get glitchy graphics when drawing scene with scene2D?
C# XNA - How to animate using Texture Atlas/ Sprite Sheet
What is the recommended way to store game entity data?
Directx 11 full screen
OpenGL Slow Rendering Procedures . glDrawArrays
How should we be storing procedurally generated behavioural code?
Is there a cross-platform way to convert SVG file to PNG at runtime?
unity3d - AI terrain detection
How can I split my entity manager class into a gameworld class and gamerenderer class?
CCMoveBy values on update()
How BufferStrategy works
Backround turning, follow the character
How to handle transparent pixels in a spritesheet
Checking if Body is surrounded by other Bodies
Libgdx: different speed on different devices
Simple way to shoot bullets from a ship at angles for shoot em up
How do I access a Unity class from an Android Activity?
Grayscale color mode texture not rendering in libGDX
Adding materials to a Line Renderer through code? (Unity)
How do I prevent clicking at the end of each sound play in OpenAL?
Unity new UI - Dynamically change the functions called by GUI elements
How to generate a RGB * a texture for a glow effect in GLSL?
Compressing language for Game use to save Packets
Play animation when click on each player with in maincamera unity3d
Determine if a set of tiles on a grid forms an enclosed shape
How to create games with scrolling?
How do dialog trees work?
What forms of non-interactive RPG battle systems exist?
How to implement trading card game&#39;s &quot;special effects cards&quot;?
How to implement turn-based game engine?
Technique for objects following each other in complete movement?
Unity 2D: Sprites/Diffuse is making my character weird, like an antialias
Variance shadow maps don&#39;t want to render properly
Cocos2d-x v3.1 for WinPhone 8 auto change texture after resumed from background
Trying to combat jitter problem using RTE but failed,any suggestions?
Aligning Camera to Rectangle
Why do some networked games use interpolation and some use pathfinding for remote movement?
Bringing islands close together programmatically
Problematic cameraposition (Eye = (0,0,0), at=(0,-2,0) and up = (0,1,0))?
uniform perspective on all objects
Twin-stick controls for a cohesive group of agents
Is it possible to use one if statement for each level scene?
How can I draw some of my XNA models semi-transparent? (C#, XNA 4.0)
Character states in component based entity system
Entity Component Architecture and Scripting without using threads
Graphics, drawing triangles
How to march tiles together like in Terraria?
Paint game level algorithm
How to use multiple custom vertex attributes in OpenGL
How can I randomly generate 2D tile-based side-scroller terrain?
Porting sdl game to windows?
Rendering text with SDL2 and OpenGL
Problem Rendering TTF_Font Textures to one Texture with SDL2
Body.getPosition returns NaN
Libgdx, tiled map - how to reload layer?
2D RGBA texture is gray in GLSL shader
How to correctly import 3D max files into Unity3d?
How should entities in a game reference each other?
Pixelated Text in Game Maker
Pathfinding in a 2D &quot;sidescrolling&quot; strategy game
Slick2D: Animation not being parsed from spritesheet correctly
Replicating a &quot;dark outline&quot; on models
Reading from a staging 2D texture array in DirectX10
How to use a sprite class in cocos2d-x?
How many versions of a model should I have
Height field/Shallow water eqation water simulation with ground height
Adobe director installation
Why are my brushes breaking in hammer/csgo?
Fake 3d cube rotation
How do I size my map in blender so it will be the right size in unity?
How do i start a program with needs parameters?
Rogue Door Connection logic
How is game logic usually distributed around files
How should I structure game flow (2D sidescroller in C++)?
Gamemaker Running Animation Flashing, showing single frame, and displaying jump and run sprites at same time
3D collision physics. Response when hitting wall, floor or roof
Should a game clean up after itself when exiting?
Detecting walls or floors in pygame
One Android app, dynamic load several Unity games
html5 vs java for multiplayer game development that heavily depends on anti cheating methods
Does glScissor() affects the stencil and depth buffer operations
Why doesn&#39;t OnCollisionStay execute continuously?
Change velocity of CharacterController?
How to force a translation to go through an exact point?
Casting a directional line of which an object is coming from
How to rotate a gameobject to the specific angle
Fixed background on a SurfaceView
Game sprite far too small
Object-oriented Ability System?
How to toggle fullscreen with lwjgl
Multiple enemy array in LibGDX
Java Libgdx: How do you add cells to a TiledMap?
Cocos2dx - Touch not recognized on Android
Clearing a libGDX pixmap
How to implement server side auto attack?
Immovable object impact physics
How can I implement online high score in LibGDX?
FLIXEL: hexagonal tiles not seamlessly tiling with each other
How do I set up Unity for Eclipse?
How to make an object that is of the class that is specified in a string?
Since D3DX utility library is deprecated, what can I do about this legacy code?
How can I get any value from a HashSet?
3DS Max MassFX -- Animation to XNA without bones/skins?
How to make and correctly use progress bar in cocos2d-iphone?
Easy method of obtaining texture coordinates for sprite sheet
Rendering curved text in AndEngine
Can&#39;t find out why aren&#39;t those collisions framerate independent
Unity PHOTON/PUN Collision Detection
MonoGame 3.3 Font loading
Selection with region (when rendering with shaders and VAO)
Can I use Node.js on consoles?
Loading TextureRegion with filter diff from that of texture it came from
How to fix the character flip when using an orthographic camera in libGDX
Garry&#39;s Mod Map Compiler
Event Driven Behavior Tree: deterministic traversal order with parallel
Pygame pixel art scaling
ScrollPane scrolling velocity
Have you got any good sources of information on Client-server and p2p networks?
Handling early/late/dropped packets for interpolation in a 3D multiplayer game
How to read neighbor pixels in GLSL?
Understanding normal mapping
Custom shadowmapping in Unity not working properly
Deleting fewest Navmesh Obstacles when no valid path is found
How to make legacy animations run in Unity in unscaled time? (Pause game related)
Polygons requirement on mobile devices, around 3000 vertices?
Libgdx getting screen size
How do I draw an object that I always want to appear in the same place on screen on a scrolling orthographic camera using lib gdx?
Doing object movement in a loop in unity
Relation between TFLOPS and Threads in a GPU?
How do I draw a sprite on top of a video in Andengine?
Correctly bitmasking path tiles based on existing paths
OpenGL: Is it efficient ok to glPushMatrix, plMultMatrix, plPopMatrix for every object in my scene?
Collider2D and Rigidbody2D, how do they work?
How to setup a particular blend state where the alpha channel is additive?
Render on texture with alpha 0 for the background colour
Instantiating prefabs dynamically in script
How do I generate a mipmap for a texture loaded from a stream?
Looking to create a floor pattern
How do I add an image inside a rectangle or a circle in JavaFX?
How to stop a running timeline in GameMaker Studio?
How does sound effects being in tune affect the game?
Implementing A* with Heap tree
Unity5 TextAsset not functioning in WebPlayer
UI mockups to the code
Any way to visualize how will game objects look on different screens?
Drawing a continuous line with onTouchMoved callback
Trapping mouse inside window in OpenGL with GLUT?
Using Lidgren and RSA in Unity game with Windows Store build
Remove item after crafting
Unicode Usage in Video Games
Color detection
Correct way to integrate scaled axis angular velocity into a quaternion
Unity 2D: Change one instanced prefab then make all the others on the scene like it
Unity and Chartboost loading problems
Collision detection problem in XNA
Move Box2D body towards mouse click
Outline of plane slice of arbitrary object
Unity Android Build SDK Problem
MMORPG design for time-limited players
SDL2 - Windowed mode, VSYNC active, refresh rate 56hz instead of 60hz
libgdx universal tween engine how to control the tweening speed?
Unity3D : Unity fails to detect null objects
How can I hide an object for one eye for the unity oculus rift DK2 platform?
Using Bullet physics engine to find the moment of object contact before penetration
Designing game around world or character initially?
Framerate is affecting speed of object
How do I read input from multiple keyboards/mice on one computer?
Unity: how to apply programmatical changes to the Terrain SplatPrototype?
Orthographic viewport zooming
A*Pathfinding lose target after spawning from script?
Why I need a backend for a mobile social game?
render/draw or input first?
AStar for isometric game with overlapping walkable areas
Call a native mobile API in Construct 2?
Detecting on which side did the objects collided unity 2d
How are red dot/reflex/holographic sights implemented?
Unity 2D Game: Camera following target and looping stage
Unity Android Unable to convert classes into dex format AdMob
How can I rumble/vibrate my controller with libGDX?
How can I support remappable controls?
Is it better to make a cpp and hpp file for every new object or is it better to make one parent class and define types in there?
2D physics on game object made up of components
Using BufferStrategy in java game
Is there a way to scale a texture via GPU rather than by CPU?
How to efficiently render a large terrain mesh?
Finding a moving target in a maze
How to slow down a Sphere smoothly in a world controlled by force and stop it (Unity 5)?
Unity Buttons and selecting Objects
Getting a pixel of Sprite at the cursor position in Unity
What do I need to release a Dragon ball game?
MonoGame Shader - 2MGFX cant compile in SM4
Relationship between Camera&#39;s view size, screen resolution and objects scale
Fixed timestep with interpolation in AS3
unable to use two gestures simultaneously
Raycast Masks not working Unity3D
How can I create or extrude a mesh along a spline?
Unity Raycast shoots right through some objects
Real Sight in AI
Collision, triggering, and range detection in an RTS. What are the optimal solutions for unit spatial awareness?
How do I calculate force from collision between 2 rigidbodies in 2D?
FPS using mouse to move rather than keys
Cube goes through objects
Looking to develop in Linux... What game engines are useable?
2D Hidden Object Silhouette Shader
How do I find at least the closest penetrating point with SAT?
Unity skips menu screen and goes to next scene
How to pass a turn to AI and draw its move in a game?
What math is needed?
Implementing pausing functionality
libgdx - Box2d debug draw not correct
I am having problems adding Social Media to my javascript-written Game. Can anyone help?
Blending vs Texture Sampling
PSSM and tightening the split frustrums
LibGDX Box2D TileGame Efficiency
Help with the XYZ anchor in UDK 3
Problems with Rotation Matrices on Certain Axes
Given a ray-intersect position on morphed mesh, how to compute that position at each morph target?
How to change chance of spawn based on distance?
Geometry Shader input vertices order
Make a lives display in HUD, Flash AS3 (not text!)
Normals in my skinned model are not animated
Do I necessarily need to write a vertex shader to use geometry instancing?
Align SpriteText position
Simple Game Server
A game engine for a simple quiz-like story oriented game?
How to export FBX models to use in SharpDX?
i cant animate my character using animator controller
Right-To-Left Text Direction in Cocos2dx
Creating metadata/pack files for an existing sprite sheet
How can I manually syncronize render calls with a monitor&#39;s refresh rate in Direct3D 9?
Scaling Skeletal values to be able to reach objects on the screen
Get position of currently instantiated object
Handle a canvas in a windows form application
Loading Screen And Coroutines Unity
How to build an app which can play games like flappy bird
Where can I find tutorials for LWJGL?
FBX Importer - Texture Name
Show a range grid movement as3
Cocos2dx - Trail
Issues with character controller (unity 4 project in unity 5)
An Error Script in C# i already run without error on the display (please look first)
How to properly give Image source for multiple sources?
Colour values of a pixel array from a spritesheet image wrong (C++, SDL2)
Is computing depth in a pixel shader bad? Can I reduce fillrate by moving depth calc to vertex shader?
How to create a smooth rotation with a constant angle?
Unity only rendering certian parts of 3d building model from certian angles
Grid collision - finding the location of an entity in each box
Why the size of my game increased on deploying it to Android using Unity3D?
Resources and examples for creating a good Game Design Document?
Stencil mask with AlphaTestEffect
Check for collision without any built-in collision functions
How to modify the Unity sprite renderer (or create a custom one) that can display the sprites on the X-Z plane?
Libgdx, how do i get the translation and rotation of a node from a model instance?
Spritekit water flowing
What is the easiest way to make an object follow the edge of a sprite?
Determine which face of a cube is facing the camera
How can I detect a perfect passageway for collision detection?
2D Polygon Collision push direction with large polygons
Change the shape of body dynamically
How do you calculate the nearest point on 2 curves?
Why does adding LIBGDX &quot;fadeIn&quot; action to a table in a group make the whole stage fade in?
Creating a 2D game on the X-Z plane instead of the X-Y plane in Unity, any adverse effects or challenges with this?
JBullet Capsule falls through Plane when Capsule is translated
Calculations for a camera system
Assigining weights to numbers before random number generation
Decoupling rendering pipeline (for UI responsiveness): Multithreading and multiple contexts?
Server send commands to client side AI
How to get started with Game Development
accelerated curved bounce
Cocos2dx - Physics - Abort() When Changing Dynamic PhysicBody to Static?
How do I determine if I&#39;m allowed to use an asset from the web in my game?
How can I avoid transposing matrices and still use more efficient dp4&#39;s instead of a mul and 3 mad&#39;s?
Gradual rotation of an object in Java
How do I use two or more shaders in the same object in unity
Android OpenGL and non premultiplied textures
Rotating an object at the user specified speed in corona
Coding a left/right object movement C# script for android phones in unity
XNA game publishing help with incompatibilities via content built at runtime
Question about segment of code in XNA
How to render a vertex buffer in DirectX11 C++ (specifically with box2d&#39;s b2Draw)
How to determine whether a given line intercepts another
SFML drawing Tiles low fps
How to iterate through the frames of an AnimationClip in editor mode
Disabling impact damage by Kinematic actor on non-dynamic destructibles (using NVidia APEX)
Camera is in the wrong position with assimp
Need some help with math steering behavior stopping on destination point
Camera lookAt target changes when rotating parent node
How to bounce the player away after attack by enemies?
How to quickly create meshes that have cutouts of other meshes?
How to get the MonoGame Templates working with Visual Studio C# 2013 Express?
2D Box Collision Trouble
Segmentation fault adding SDL_Surface
Directx 9 Obj Model
Encoding Float to RG/RGBA and Blending
Creating unfilled circle shapes using Farseer
How can I get the pressure of a touch in Unity?
Why is Unity3D on OSX ignoring my XBox 360 controller?
OpenGL ES, orthopgraphics projection and viewport
Calling an android method from Unity3D with a JAR plugin
CocoonJS draws shadow around tiles
libGDX new TextureAtlas(filename) and new Texture(filename) drawing stale image data
2d Collision detection response equation doesn&#39;t work
Help with Resolving Pixel Perfect Collision
Second pass in multipass effect is ignoring
Unity: Object is underneath another object but shouldn&#39;t be
Why is each column being shifted down the X value of the column in my 2D Data Structure?
Libgdx with Scala: Overwrite listener
How and where to handle collisions? [Java]
Make a triangular mesh from of a map defined by points that follow the coast lines
Trying to add a feature to my (basic) level parsing algorithm - not sure how to (JAVA)
How do I change the hitbox of a symbol to its subsymbol&#39;s hitboxes?
Cocos2d-x 3.0 animation frame by frame
How do I shuffle cards for a card game?
DirectX11 Shader issue
How to hide an object when a character enters it?
Incomplete mesh using DrawIndexedPrimitives after rotating mesh
Slick2D crashes on Image.getGraphics() on some machines
Search an artist with a comic style like Angry Birds
How can I disable an NGUI button when I pause my game?
XNA/Winforms - Nothing being drawn after calling SetRenderTarget(null)
Getting warning after importing plugin to unity5 project
server/client architecture, how to combine physics data, scene graph and database over the network?
Skeletal animation with ASSIMP, COLLADA, and glm
Unity C# 2D Platformer Main Camera should stop on sides of level
C# Pathfinding in 2d array (procedural generation)
What does the update button in the Unreal Engine launcher actually update the engine to?
Using Sound Manager - Citrus
How to play Sound of a Destroyed Object
Is there a centralized database of game names and IDs?
Slide to reveal in AndEngine
Events and objects being skipped in GameMaker
Finding mathematical formula for balancing items
Avoidance Steering Behavior acting inappropriately
How to play a sound by C# that is linked to the object with AudioSource?
Everything black except where there&#39;s a light
Unable to instantiate objects Straight in unity
PRNG/Encripting Algorithum that returns the same number if given the same input?
Unity Render Texture Artifacting
Unity3D Directional lights vs Draw calls
Rendering shadow sprites in cocos2d-x
Trouble with Inaccurate Mesh Collider
Rotating towards a point in Box2D
How i can do colisions with irregular hitboxes [XNA]?
Understanding HingeConstraint in jBullet
In a collision detection loop, when do I apply the velocity?
Pyglet: text.Label().draw to FBO?
Most effective marketing strategy to promote a casual iOS game?
What are effective marketing strategies for iPhone games?
Need Help with Cocos2d Ver 3.3 AudioEngine
Trying to extract file icons and use as a sprite texture
How do I convert an image into a tile map?
Gravity Simulation failing at short distances
AS3 random events using a timer
How can I access LWJGL&#39;s Keyboard from a thread other than the graphics thread?
Transparent diffuse fails to render from all viewing angles
Creating procedural mesh with orientation
Unity C# 2D Platformer Enemy Patrolling
post on Facebook from cocos2d-x on windows phone
Z-Value of clip-space position is always 1.0
How to merge 2 textures into single SRV
Why is rotation not applied instantly?
Making a gameObject push the player
SDL2: Unable to get center of screen when drawing more than one texture?
In Unity, how do I make the camera follow a character?
Handling collision with LWJGL rectangles
How should I improve my game world?
Where the physics should be put
How to pause and unpause the Particular action of a sprite?
How do I keep my orbiting camera upright?
How to change an int value in the Unity editor
Camera movement and threshold not working
How handle nifty initialization in a Slick2D state based game?
How do I make a sprite collide with walls in pygame?
LibGdx Scalling sprites on Android
Move 2d tank with independently controlled treads
Box2d c++ can&#39;t see b2PolygonShape
Showing keyboard on SKScene and performing action on a sprite node based on key tapped
Where in old code would you know what to include to compile the complete program?
Updating children nodes in a game engine
How to calculate Pong ball&#39;s expected position perfectly (taking wall bounces into account)
How to define axis of Sprites in a CCAnimation?
Efficient UI for RTS units
HLSL Shader Optimilation with MAD(m,a,d)
OpenGL multiple mesh management
wheeled 2D character controller platform edges problem
(Unity) Is there a way to automatically create a material for each texture and assign the texture to it?
Best way to constrain character to a path?
OpenGL generate hills looking vertices
Unity problems with OnTriggerStay and Input.GetKeyDown
How the values of h and the perpendicular had computed
Do SpriteBuilder&#39;s Smart Sprite Sheet need to be loaded to memory?
Callback on Derived Class?
Script attached to one button triggers other buttons too in unity
AndEngine - Performance problems with many entities
What&#39;s the correct way to move 2d sprites in opengl 2.1?
How to detect the edge of a platform?
submeshes and dynamic batching doesnt work as expected
Box2Dâ€”how make character tilt
Isometric vehicle animation
libgdx ActorGestureListener.pan() parameters not moving actor in smooth line
Passing of board data in board games
how to build release version mac cocos2dx?
Do I have to commit the downloadable assets for Unity to the repo? Or a reference for the team to download them?
Playing a sprite sheet animation in Cocos2D-x
Entity component system, Communication between components
Determining a sensible gear-like hierarchy for a series of connected objects
Is it possible to completely avoid copying image data when uploading textures to the GPU on iOS?
Unity3d iOS build - where are the textures?
Input Assembler - Vertex Shader linkage error
How to place a sprite in the center of the world in Phaser
How should I access frame buttons from a controller in an MVC approach?
Game Networking: Client request or Server Sending
Marching Cubes Vertex Normals
Change pointerDrag target during a drag
SDL2 LogInfo not outputting with different category?
FindNextValidTechnique fails
Separating axis theorem implementation flaky minimum translation vector based on triangle orientation
Update single variable in DirectX Shader
Game Maker Studio - how do I disable mouse click for a duration of time?
Is OnMouseUp()&#39;s behavior intended?
2D soft-body physics engines?
Recreating iPhone Home Screen in Unity
How to achieve &#39;forward&#39; movement (into the screen) using Cocos2D?
How to make a character jump?
Cameras overhead
Virtual Economy Setup - Virtual currencies advice
How to deform 2D tileable texture in XNA/MonoGame
How would you guys call a class to instantiate both NPCs and players?
SFML game loop and FPS problems
Invalid coordinates returned by glutMouseFunc()
How to customize a character with new objects (clothes, body parts) in a 3D game?
XNA - How to Make Objects Stop at the Edge of the Screen While Fullscreen is enabled?
GameObject scope over RPC call
XNA - Spritebatch Drawing Order
I can&#39;t drag&#39;n&#39;drop UI-Elements from the Scene-hierarchy into a public field (Unity 5)
Backgrounds for a game
Downscaling an asset, still pixellated?
Why is Spritebatch drawing my Textures out of order?
Do Game Objects which lay outside camera view consume computer/mobile resources in Unity?
Geometry shader and triangle adjacency
How to create a seamless cubemap noise texture?
XNA My Texture&#39;s Transparency is shown Black
Wall jumping collision detection anomaly
rendering an image within c# &amp; sharpdx dirext3d9 [game overlay]
How to move objects in any direction by swiping with libgdx android game development
Animate/Interpolate and wait for completion.
LibGDX Android project in IntelliJ
Loading Song in MonoGame Windows
Rendering of a minimized / out of focus directx game is slow
Unity3d - c# - changing FPSInputController controls through script
Shmup Unity, create an enemy spread shot to the player
Unity free look camera on two axes. How do I do it?
In Unity3D, what ways can I improve the batching with a single texture atlas and four-point material?
JBullet Only Updates Position when I update it in Code
Rotation and timer at the same time
Rectangular area light illuminance - colour banding
JBullet move object rigidbody in code?
PHP battle script
Randomised Path from A to B for cursor movement simulation
With a Texture Atlas that has 128x128 tiles, how can I use that in Unity3D?
Unity: Set Zoom&#39;s Center XYZ point
memorizing button tap code iOS game
How to convert ticks to clock cycles when profiling API calls
How to initialize once for all a static field of a custom editor in unity
What is the cause of these WaitForFPS spikes and dips?
Adding some recoil to the Camera so that the crosshair is pushing to the sky (FPS game)
Algo for Minimum no of solving in a level like Bubble Blast2
How can I make my main character move in a parabolic arc when jumping?
Unity3d wheelcollider falling through terrain
Draw a line/curve for the path an object has taken
Bevel outline algorithm in 2D
UDK:how to play 2 musics at the same time
Legal issues for a &quot;fangame&quot; of a commercial franchise?
Am I allowed to release a fan-made version of a Trading Card Game on a fansite?
Sourcing people for indie dev
Getting any type in Unity Inspector
Help with scoring system and score multiplier
English dictionary for word games
How to store variable inside an array unity?
UDK: Checking actor type in projectile ProcessTouch
to calculate rect moving in curveed path collision detection
Button image on game menu is updating too slow
How to add a callback to addAction in scene2d
(LibGDX/JAVA) How can I get a rectangle to rotate with this pendulum so I can start detecting collisions?
How do I build Assimp with MinGW?
How can I acquire marketing and sales data for games?
Is WWW reliable for downloading a large AssetBundle?
Kinect wrist yaw angle calculation
Basic Connections Through Socket Server
Calculate the rest length of a box2d distance joint
How can i create a message box with callback on ok?
Picking up objects and dropping object in untiy2d
What&#39;s the most efficient way to deal with in-game messages in Allegro 5?
Rotate Object Towards Direction in 2D
Is Phong shading supposed to be so camera-angle dependent?
Updating object position
Simple Doom style engine question
Loading Indices Collada File
How to randomly show multiple UIImage&#39;s in an animation Image
Cocos2d: Moving background on update: offsett issue
Unity3D Strafing Left &amp; Right
Determine wheter an octree node needs to be continue
How to compute matrix transform local/world on OpenGL
Tone mapping and eye adaptation - pale colors and darker image
Efficient collision detection - tile based HTML5/Javascript game
The math of normal mapping without a dot product
Connect lightsource with object in Libgdx
Getting portals along a path of navigation nodes
How to have a game on steam only for testing purposes?
Unity material is missing after compilation
Mix multisample and non multisample rendering in Directx11
Create an 2d Isometric map with tiles?
Problems with Raycasting Requirements
Instantiating on a random node, provided the node is walkable, but what if it isn&#39;t walkable?
How can I manually call/fire OnTriggerExit() for colliders a trigger is inside of in Unity?
Call Unity3D coroutines from a scripting language
glsl shader to allow color change of skydome ogre3d
How to use an A* Pathfinding System across uneven environments?
How to occlude lights in Unity3D?
How to create a new GameObject, without adding it to the scene?
Sprites not being rendered on screen change - Android Libgdx
cocos2dx - Custom Fragment Shader and CCRenderTexture
Sprite outline based on light position in UE4
How to rotate (YAW) aircraft in XNA?
Tiled Rendering - Projection matrix
Unity3D + Kinect V2 | How to detect people when they are standing side to device
Shader that draws just vertex points
Change Camera Contrast in VR Game
How can I expose a property to Unity that should be treated like an asset path?
How do 3D games create the illusion of depth?
Rotate gameobject on fix X and Y axis with touch
Bullet physics weird behavior. Jittering and drifting with btBoxShape
How to raycast against a physx cloth mesh?
Creating a steady rhythm for music-based game in XNA
Cocos-2D asteroids style movement (iOS)
How do I approach large companies if I have a killer mobile game idea?
How do I implement a fixed delta time step with a SDL_Delay(15ms) precision
Matrix rotation wrong orientation LibGDX
Basic 2d platform collision detection algorithm has a slight bug (Java)
How do I make my main character move towards an object? LibGDX/Java
Game lags when my player collides with a specific object (solution known, unsure how to implement)
Accurately measure time between calls to onDrawFrame (Android OpelGL ES 2.0)
Scrolling is going too fast
Destroying Unity GameObject when it goes out of camera during runtime
Angled topdown perspective camera for 2.5d game
How to &quot;merge&quot; multiple intersecting circles so that only the outer edges of each show?
How to draw an ellipse with DirectX 9?
Can .NET Core be used to make games on non-Windows platforms?
Exporting spritesheet for Cocos2d
Importing skeletal animation from vertex coordinates in maya
Check if is object in camera field and not covered by other object
Parsing Blender exported collada file in c++
Check if object is overlapping
FBX Importer - Vertex Color
Trying to implement Camera
How to implement a basic arcball camera in OpenGL with GLM
Loading ARGB in Directx 11
Good Configuration Manager System Design for medium-large sized projects?
Instant replay system by saving frames to memory in Unity
Can I post to Facebook with my own text from Unity on behalf of the user?
Reflection/environment mapping
Unity 5 missing Standard Assets
Creating a custom collider shape in unity, and performance concerns
LibGDX , Scale button with animation when it is pressed
Overlapping Vertex in DynamicVertexBuffer draw priority?
Fb.Feed dialog closes before saving
Missing Visual Studio 2013 Templates
Android: How to scale the imageView?
How do I determine the look-at vector of a free-look camera?
How to create planets
Decentralized Matchmaking in Unity?
PlatformEffector2D &quot;Collision Pop&quot; Avoidance?
How to attach a sprite to a TMXTiledMap at a particular coordinate, in AndEngine?
Get quaternion between two objects on sphere
Glow shader limited by the texture area
Card game - creating card Listener
Cocos2dx+Chipmunk: Fully elastic collision between moving bodies
In Unity, how do I create a drag and drop object?
Simple switch to instanced draws causes consistent, but incorrect, results
Texture to Painted Vertex Algorithm
How can I determine the number of pixels drawn within a predefined shape on the screen?
Collision detection doesn&#39;t register until player sprite jumps
Sorting sprite&#39;s layers in isometric view
How to save file in assets so it can be properly loaded in Android Studio?
Make my Tower continously fire at enemy while inside collider?
Is transform.forward mutable?
collision in different layer
LibGDX Tiled Map - how to get embedded objects
Word game - board implementation?
importing animations in Blender, weird rotations/locations
Confused About My Code Suggesting The Normal Matrix Is Equivalent To The ModelView Matrix
Changing Box2D Body from Kinematic to Dynamic after contact
Particle system ONGui()
how would I go on about making a movement system like mario party
Making a ordered list iterator
Sequential Memory Game, Incrementing Images Showing all at Once not One at a Time
Spritekit - gradually apply force vector in different direction (space ship turning)
Java OpenGL Perspective matrix not working
Why are my 3ds Max .fbx exports huge?
Unity3D [C#]: How do I use a custom inspector to expose an array of polymorphic objects to edit?
How can I use CCClippingNode to trim the top and bottom from a CCTableView?
Wheel Joint Implementation in AndEngine
How can I make a rectangle be on top of all other rectangles in javascript canvas?
Can&#39;t play animation from script in unity
How do I resolve a collision of a circle with two rectangle corners?
How do I ADD gravitation to a rotation matrix?
Collision response callback
2D Physics: What happens with torque when center of mass changes?
Skyrim Creation Kit - Location Based Spells
How do I get rid of this coloured border on my sprite?
Character on spherical terrain
Collision-Detection glitch
(Efficiently) Generate Unique Random Numbers
Unity2D: Automatic scaling of camera and sprites
Why does my Unity Android export fail with &quot;No resource identifier found&quot;?
Is there any case to mix Android UI with LibGDX?
Mesh fading to transparent
How do I animate Unity GUIComponents?
Programmatically creating sprite animations in Unity
Raycast Flashing problem
Should I draw directly on a CCLayer or a CCSprite?
StopCoroutine is not stopping my coroutine in Unity
Equation for exponential deceleration so the objects â€œstopsâ€ at destination
Rendering Texture Quad to Screen or FBO (OpenGL ES)
How to translate swipe gestures into rotations?
Using A*Pathfinding on terrain created by scripts?
Effects of collisons: broken glass, damaged cars, how are they created?
Raycasting from vertices is not working
Bullet 3D Physics Objects Not Rotating?
What are the other three &quot;game dynamics&quot;?
Pole vault with Box2D?
Vertex&lt;&gt;Layout mis-match within PIX(Graphics Debugger)
Export Spriter animations to Unity
How do I let a game support different rule sets?
In GameMaker Studio, how can I make an auto-updater for my game?
My &quot;puck&quot; model object falls right through the &quot;table&quot; model in jmonkeyengine
Game Center login not showing for iOS 7.1 iPhone 4s
Libgdx box2d crashing
libGDX&#39;s 2D particle editor launching incorrectly
Common way of animating &#39;motion&#39; for walk cycle animations
How do I create a circular progress bar in Unity3D 5?
Recursive backtracking sometimes missing a tile?
Modifying a texture already applied to geometry
Unity - C# - Angle tile not instantiating
HTML5 game fps render lag
How to implement Lua thread for Sleep function
Unity C# - My parameter &#39;campfireNew&#39; does not exist (SetTrigger)
Understanding how texCUBE works and writing cubemaps properly into a cube rendertarget
Scene2d Stage Actor setup issues
What is the purpose of the canonical view volume?
Licensing and commercial game development
Looking for some insight on programming design for attacking and attack types in a game
how to handle interactive choice in the middle of the game loop?
Communication between Box2D and libGDX Stage (Scene2D) running in separate threads
Calculating Delta time , what is wrong?
Using collectable items to change a gameobject Unity
Choosing Language on Mobile Game
How to import animations from one model to others
Unity : callbacks in component based design
Efficient billboarding sprites in Unity 5
GUI.Box z-index for mouseover
Does SpriteKit follow the MVC pattern?
After sometime increase the speed of Instantiated object
Detect if two objects are going to crash
SDL &amp; OpenGL - Artifacts when multisampling
OpenGL streaming from multiple windows
Moving skeletal animation blending logic to GPU: worth it?
FBX UV Coordinates is strange
Minesweeper number placement
&#39;The thing you want to instantiate is null&#39; - unity error when instantiating
Instantiate a prefab on unity and make it appear at a specified coordinate
Client code handling its own generics when returned by an engine
What type of loop code on game engines?
Discrete movements in Phaser
Libgdx - How to change GestureListener pan finger sensibility?
How to stop objects pushing each other away on collision?
Calculate intersect point / aim point
(Java) Trying to animate an arraylist of coins with a (working) animation class
How do I make this block go back to the left with another click?
How to convert Screen-space translation into World-space translation
Creating a unit selection box in Unity (2D)
Milkshape3D Animation on Windows 7 64-bit
Structure for attacking in RPG
Framerate on AIR for Android - Actionscript 3
How does one perform collision detection on objects made of many small triangles?
Spritebatch not working in winforms
Can I use the HD Graphics 3000&#39;s quad list primitive type via D3D?
Java Game How to find the x and y for a tile?
Tournament ranking for card game bot fights - how to try new bot against existing ranking?
OpenGL Framebuffer Object issue
How do I reverse this function?
MonoGame InstancePlayLimitException on Windows w/ OpenGL
Subdived objects in different shapes
Stop Lerp at relative location?
Why the triangulated body in box@d as a sensor is not treated as one but separate triangle bodies?
Voice over programming language
Change Tag of Instantiated Clone
Client side latency when using prediction
Unity UI square that fills width OR height
Unity - C# - Overlapping Rectangles not separating
Counting multiple touches using Cocos2dx 3.2
Pack four alpha maps into one
How to achieve smooth sprite movement with a scaled up canvas?
How did Blizzard implement replay like in Warcraft 3 with not consistent data(attack damage)?
Use pathfinding algorithm in a navmesh with several endpoints
Why does glBindVertexArray sometimes fail (but mostly not)?
What is the highest quality way to render warped text on Windows?
StartCoroutine inside TriggerOnEnter2D isn&#39;t working
libgdx texture edge blending problem
Should I use octree or quadtree for my spacial data structures?
Endless level support in modern engines?
Alternatives to remove Unity splash screen after developing a game with the free version?
Using textureGrad for anisotropic integration approximation
Touch pad controls not working in apk, working from Unity Remote
How could you create an SSX style snow trail in unity3d?
How can I programatically generate sprite instances in Unity?
How to make my installer install XNA framework and .NET 4.0
Add Existing Animation
How could I implement 3D player collision with rotation in LWJGL?
Is it possible to implement Steamworks functionality in a Java game? How?
player sprite hidden after using a stage (scene2d library)
How to create a ladder script in Unity
Game object position issue in unity3d
Mapping a 3D texture to a standard hollow-hull 3D model
Animation works, but Unity doesn&#39;t realize it
How to attach 2D object to a rope?
How can I derive hierarchical draw ordering for entities in an entity system?
Moving one object from one point to another with acceleration
Unity - Basic AI Enemy Follows Player - Prevent Flocking Of Enemies Together
xna - Render background and multiple sprites to a single texture
In Unity for Android, how do I create touchable buttons?
Projectile Shoot three at a time
Using Box2D in LibGDX, is there a reason a fixture set to be a sensor would only -sometimes- detect a collision?
Unity3D - Cancel a build process (Windows, Unity 5)
VertexColor shader is not working correctly in built application
How to change mobile device screen size in Unity for testing?
2D animated sprite jumping and gravity physics
How to mirror flip animation curves in Unity?
How to prevent constant adjustments form collision?
Creating a separate renderer for entities in a 2D game
how to Move Player on &quot;Z&quot; Axis 2D Movement
I want to make a moddable game. How does this affect my programming language choice?
How to access multiple 2DTexture which is assigned in Unity3D inspector panel created by an array in C#?
Set new forward directions based on camera position
Binary Space Partitioning of 3d Triangle Mesh (for finding nearest points)
Sending RPC calls from server to client inside Unity
How to make instantiated objects not on top of each other?
D3D11InfoQueue Isn&#39;t filtering out messages
How to enable IntelliSense for Unity scripts in Visual Studio?
Drawing Shape in DebugView (Farseer)
Does a pong clone called &quot;Ping&quot; infringe on any copyrights or trademarks?
why is Lua so important ( frequently used ) in game development
Famous games written in Python
C# - Separating Overlapping Rectangles
How to find the closest point on a plane
Legal Implications of using Openal in Opentk Commercially
C++ Frogger game - Logs on Water bounding boxes?
Can I create a Sprite Asset using a downloaded Texture at runtime?
Input.mousePosition gives a NullReferenceException
Flushing KeyboardState
Unity animator controller animations don&#39;t work
Maya 3D to CryEngine3 Problem
How to use atan2 to get the correct angle? (inside or outside angle)
What&#39;s the process for making a PS4 game?
How can I create a button with an image in libGDX?
LibGDX how to change animations
Application of classes with critical non-static fields in LWJGL
What the polycount limit for a mobile game character (heavily animated) is like if no shaders/lighting used in an otherwise simple scene?
Resizing a tiledmap when using phaser
To canvas, or not to canvas, when building browser-based games?
C# Unity3D - How can I use a INT from other classes?
Optimizing file-size of a sprite-sheet for a 2D game
Three.js: Lighting not calculating correctly on THREE.Geometry objects
Event handling on own UI implementation in XNA
My .FBX model is not picking the .TGA texture file
Drag and drop in android
How to send object transform position coordinates over UDP from Unity 3D
Show size / dimensions of an object in Unity Inspector
Should I worry about variable time step for simple mobile 2d game
How do I save and restore an int value with PlayerPrefs?
How to retarget animation from Generic to Humanoid?
Lighting shadow casting sprites with box2Dlights
2d libgdx: runtime level generation
Stretch the game to fit the game window, in Unity 5
Editing a new list of vector3&#39;s without changing the original list? (Unity)
libgdx actors and instant actions
Creating a 3D mushroom cloud
Using a basic shader in libGDX
In Ogre, how to get the depth buffer value?
How does a loop work in game engines?
Extra sprite spawning when the enemies are redrawn SFML
Two pass blur shader using libgdx tile map renderer
Script to change size of a cube when pressing a button
Android Game-Loop (rendering &amp; logic removed, but still &#39;skipping frames&#39;)
Why doesn&#39;t this 2d physics calculation yield the desired jump height?
Constant buffer not updating
C# Unity3D FPS apply damage to an enemy (Weapon bullet)
Java collision detection and player movement: tips
Trouble with Raycast Selection using OpenGL
libGDX using Stage and Actor produces different camera angles on desktop and Android Phone
3d compute shaders in order access
After collision of two objects change the sprite and move in its direction
Trigger scene loading in one device from another device using Unity WWW class
OpenGL ES 1.0 to OpenGL ES 2.0, I cant draw a square
Creating a curved mesh on inside of sphere based on texture image coordinates
Cavity map generation
Rushing river water
Inline sprites in Unity&#39;s text?
Delegation in unity C#
Multiplying by delta not giving smooth movement
How to make a textured tree model outside of unity that can be used in unity
How can I spawn a sprite based on a condition after the game starts?
Rotate camera keeping player not in the middle
What direction is forward when the rotation is (0, 0, 0)?
GL_SPOT_CUTOFF not working properly
Server Side Speed Hack Detection Techniques
How can I move game objects using keyboard in the Unity scene editor?
onCollisionEnter2D not behaving as expected
Java Slick2D rotating a Shape using transform(Transform.createRotateTransform())
XNA: How to capture precise time of button press?
LibGDX font issues
How are win conditions handled in a turn based game?
How do I use unpackHalf2x16?
Determine if Plane is seen by Camera
How can I find an optimum set of colors for 10 players?
Incorrect cloth deformation modelling
How to stop rotation every 90 degrees?
Why does my simple OpenGL shadow map fail?
Does game engines (like Unreal, Unity, Crafty) add value compared to pure js frameworks (react, ember..) for my isometric tile-based games
How can I add an animation curve to an object with no animations?
LibGdx Table not firing touch events
Cocos2d/Cocos2d-x Attaching an arrow (sprite) to another body sprite (person)
Random, Infinite Terrain Generation
LibGdx: How to check if VSync is enabled
How to create water with ripples in custom places for top down game in Unity?
How do I convert a greyscale height map to .3ds format?
Is it better to use an image component or to draw on a canvas?
Unity: scaling and animations
opengl : Running at least 25 windows with different Draw callback
Unity-Animation parameters are not being set
Different Screen Sizes and Camera in Unity
OpenGL VBO and VAO Confusion
How do I make my camera follow my cube?
Mobile: Physics and movement actions
How do I add a Rigid body and a box collider component to a Texture2D?
Find closest point on NavMesh if current target unreachable
Animation fails due to a NullPointerException which I&#39;m certain shouldn&#39;t be thrown (LibGDX / Java)
Tile Map Shader?
Moving a Sprite using Mouse in SFML (setOrigin logic needed)
XNA: Rotating Bones
How can I remove Magic Pink from an image at runtime using GraphicsDevice?
How to correctly draw a line in Unity
What data-type should I use for in-game currency?
How did LoZ: A Link to the Past handle sub-tile collisions?
get View from LibGDX for Android
Block LOS tool texture triggered with door. Source engine, Hammer editor
When should I use a fixed or variable time step?
Place an UI Image between two 2D sprites in Unity
Tile map optimization algorithm
LWJGL multiple keyboard/mouse input checks
Questions about scaling in a 2d game in unity
Java how to fill a selected area with tiles
2.5D Game - Using overlay as map
What is better? Lots of small TCP packets, or one long one?
node-webkit and OpenGL 4
Unity3d webplayer failed to download data file
Grab all tiles within a radius?
How can I test if the mouse draw on the active tiles?
Problem showing a xaml page in monogame, game page
How can I get the &quot;SelfActor&quot; in OnBeginActorOverlap?
Texture2D ignored by GC
OpenGL enabled Java game not detected by Fraps
Streamline Facebook and Google Play Game Services integration in Android Game
2D viewport matrix World to Local coordinates
Creating a queue for BeginInvoke method - loading chunks
unity2D Top-Dow Mobile rigibody2D
How can I prevent seams when attempting to create a skybox for Unity5?
Unity messes up the fileIDs
Why aren&#39;t all public methods BlueprintCallable by default?
how to build cocos2d-JS game as a native android app?
Rain World : How to have intelligent movement / animation?
Dijkstra Pathfinding in Libgdx, some minor problems
Passing array to uniform in glsl error
What size sprites should I use for developing a 2D game for iPad Air and iPad mini?
Simple heart container script for 2D game (Unity)?
Geometry Shader not generating geometry for some Vertices
A* pathfinding not finding shortest path with weird behavior
What is the difference between .obj files and Collada files?
android game development: why is my screen black?
How would one approach developing an AI for a trading card game
Structure gameobjects and call events
get the closest points
In AS3, is it necessary to remove the children from a parent who is also being removed?
(DX11.1) CreateSwapChainForHwnd fails with E_NOINTERFACE when using Graphics Diagnostics
I am trying to implement a falling animation to my game and i am having alot of problems doing so
How to handle Multiple-accounts creation and cheating?
A* pathfinding for grid with direction-dependent nodes?
How to export HAXE code to other languages?
Error running an Action in Cocos2d-x
Unity 5 How Do I Set Text of Text Component of Input Field
Cocos2d - Physics bodies randomly loosing Velocity along an axis after impact
Unity3D Mobile System Fonts | Include Font Data | and Licensing
Add Objects in LWJGL without using glTranslationf function
Hot to make a function in Haxe that reads content from text file and does something with each line?
Moving OBB vs. triangle intersection test
calling joystick&#39;s force effects in C++
Proper updating of GeoClipMaps
Cocos2d v3.4 Templates
GUI Label shows on screen when object is out of view?
Jittery Movement, Uncontrollably Rotating + Front of Sprite?
How to implement CMAA
Lightning bolt effect with particles is not continuous
Can I generate collision boxes from a model file with BepuPhysics and XNA?
Apply an special effect to an scene area
Collision Detection acting weird
Doing imagemagick like stuff in Unity (using a mask to edit a texture)
SDL2 - Inconsistent FPS with VSYNC
How do game companies handle DLL resources?
change position/orientation of a bone using assimp
LibGDX Bounding Rectangles
How to check a value from the last frame, while using events in Unity
Problems with texture orientation in space
Fast(er(est)) fullscreen/scene collision detection technique (&quot;selection buffer&quot;)
Set Position of multiple bodies
How to &quot;piece together&quot; an image in code, to render later?
How to add a texture in jmonkey
How to make rigid bodies collide with Apex Clothing in PhysX for Maya
How can I rotate a Transform over a specified time in a single line of code?
Dynamic Hills like Contre Jour in Cocos2d
OpenGL: Draw an arrow
Codes for walking on platforms along with jumping using actionscript 2.0
NodeJS setTimeOut - How to run callback before delay time exceeded
Problem with glTranslate
What does &#39;Discretizing Space&#39; mean in the context of paper prototyping
Leapfrog integration vs Euler integrator
Having trouble getting shader to work with sprite batch in XNA #4
Rotating a 3rd person camera toward a target
JNI multidimensional array as return value
How to use a mask texture with Kobold2D
Unity2D Collision Issue
How can I determine the position of Direct Sound buffer
How to animate objects with bobbing up and down motion in Unity?
Defining collision response in an Entity system
Is using Game in libGDX for more than just switching screens a bad practice
Eight or infinity sign trajectory
Should I ask my artist to make Sprites in full resolution or can I scale them up?
DirectX 11 Compute Shader Thread Order
How are CSS and WebGL coordinates related?
Rotate object around fixed axis
OpenGL why point&#39;s size stay the same while zooming/unzooming
Game Center Leaderboard not dismissing
How to make touch events work in a match three type game
Unity 5 - Cloth Constraints
Player position on second player connection
Creating a curve path for gameObject which reacts to Triggers
Rotate heading relative to agent&#39;s local space
How does glRotate affect the axes of the global coordinate system?
Libgdx - IsometricTiledMapRenderer and light shading
2D water shader in SFML
Is there a javascript physics engine that does not require canvas?
Why do my Box2D bodies occasionally get stuck and separate forcibly?
Why does my libgdx app just display the badlogic.jpg instead of my start screen?
How can I convert OBJ data into CSS3D transformations?
OrthographicCamera and viewport not giving expected effect
Learning To Use C# In Both VisualStudio And Unity&#39;s Monodevelop Frameworks
How to get the position of a moving object
Generate ETC2 compressed texture from Android Bitmap in OpenGL ES 2
How can I refactor an enum so that it is still available in the inspector?
How can I make an soundsystem with slick?
Center a 3D model to cursor&#39;s position
DirectX 11 vertex shader incorrectly sending &lt;0, 0, 0&gt; normal vector to pixel shader
How to get quaternion from two orthogonal 3D vectors?
How to change a Maya scene file&#39;s selected viewport renderer from the file itself (text edit)?
Scaling a UI bar for progress in Unity
To FX or not to FX
Efficient point-in test on static Polygons
How common are game engine bugs, and can I claim damages for them?
How should data about past interactions be stored?
LibGDX - Executing 2 different touchDown events in the same method
Stack matrix affecting shooting mechanics
Specular intensity not imported from Blender into Unity
DirectX 11 - Get the world matrix of my camera
Double buffer - Managing Collision
database structure for rpg items
When should I set a texture as a shader resource in order to read it?
In MVC is the View allowed to see but not talk to the model?
Working out velocity/time based on physical pixels moved
Making a cube slowly rotate 180 degress one time on a mouseclick
Changing direction after collision
Can you do a stencil glow with native GM:S commands?
How to make inventory pause screens in Gamemaker?
Collision with 2 of the same objects
How can I make player move on array of GameObjects in Unity?
Position and rotate a 2D point array into a 3D world
How do I Animate a character in Unity3D (Animator)?
Why doesn&#39;t my game start in landscape mode?
How to construct the marching cubes tables algorithmically?
Update Based Animation Position Values?
AndEngine Foreground Sprite
How can I split up a large model into an octree codewise?
Unable to use Maya animation with scripts when imported to Unity
Obstacles work in Unity Editor but not in the build
Selecting minimum GPU requirements for a video game a couple years out
How or when to add a copyright notice in published games?
Pathfinding across mutliple levels
box2d ChainShape into curved line
How to texture voxel terrain without triplanar texturing?
Is there any popular AI game engine?
Using PhysX, how can I predict where I will need to generate procedural terrain collision shapes?
Combine skin material to two elements without a visible seam
Best way to handle movement input?
Animation, Interpolation, &amp; Structure
How can I efficiently represent territories and their borders on a map like if it was a Risk board game?
Fast mesh collision 3D (C# XNA)
Centering camera on player div
How to resize animation in libgdx?
Maya 2015 Collada mesh transforms not applied
Can Unity 5 or Unreal Engine 4 do computationally identical physics simulation across platforms?
Deal with double coordinates and graphics
Does anyone know what technique was used in Minecraft to create shadows?
How can I consistently identify location on a mesh from a raycast hit?
HLSL Pixel Shader for Depth Only Pass
Controlling roll rotation when travelling along bezier curves [Unity3D]
In JBox2d when dragging a Body, why is the direction is flipped vertically?
FPS camera specification
LWJGL SlickUtil Texture Binding
Unreal Engine 4 - Blank Material
Do rendered-to-textures need to be bound when being drawn to?
Draw GUI.Button on certain position on a scrollable background
Unity3D Interactive Cloth Basketball Net Falling Apart Though Not Tearable
How can I optimize per-pixel drawing in SDL?
Scaling buttons in LibGDX
Getting Image name given a canvas WPF
Cocos2d savegame cctmxtiledmap
Create a continuous flight path on a Bezier Curve in Unity3d
Unity3d and Windows 8 run game in frame
Mapping Coplanar Vertices in 3D space on to a 2D Plane
How to do animation of XNA model integrated with WPF?
How can I scale sprites and maintain visual quality?
Locked frame rate
Box2D Issues determining the side of collision
Need to boost the number of simultaneous players in single (existing) game with Unity3d
Predicting enemy position in order to have an object lead its target
NGUI Texture Background Font of Sprite
Should I ping for a TCP-based game?
How to build cubes with rounded edges
Unity mouse input not working in webplayer build
Predictive firing (in a tile-based game)
Libgdx actor bounds are wrong
LibGDX problems when switching screens and disposing: AL lib: (EE) alc_cleanup: 1 device not closed
roll a ball unity 3d
Get actual button by input name
How to order objects with the same depth in the spritebatch cycle?
problem adding bumpmap to textured gluSphere in JOGL
OpenGL Planet Generation - Simple Matrix Issue (Planet â€œSpinsâ€ With Mouse)
Design pattern for animation sequence in LibGDX
LWJGL: Camera distance from image plane?
Pseudo 3D questions in SDL/C++
How to make a horizontal scrolling menu in Unity 3d 4.5
Adjust bitmaps according to screen ratios on android
2D Collision Resolution getting stuck on walls
Can i use shaders in allegro without opengl?
Accelerometer bike game rotation help
Position problems instantiating lasers at the sides of a space ship
LibGDX multiple enemies animations
Running different methods within an object depending on the &#39;type&#39; of object
MonoGame Point filtering movement appears Choppy/Jerky
determining view boundaries based on z position when using a perspective projection
What is the difference between framerate independent vs framerate dependent?
Assign each player a unique ID?
What is the relationship between FPS and a game loop?
Calculating normals after displacement mapping
Unity 2D - Pixel perfect movement using physics
Can&#39;t perform normal jump after applying revolute joint
How can I disable mipmapping on textures loaded from .X files?
How to draw arrows between bubbles
libsdl1.2-dev error messages in terminal and Synaptic
Handling (spawning/removing) entities in SFML
My Raycast will not detect collisions in my Unity 2D project. What am I doing wrong?
Slope polygon collider 2D causing box collider 2D to &#39;bump&#39; while sliding on it
Math for 2d movement with max speed?
Material optimization in Unity3d
Unity joystick input acting strange
Camera movement constrained to pixel boundaries
Is there a difference in the time taken to load one texture instead of many?
What variables change the number of lightmaps
What Java class should I use to represent a Vector?
How do I efficiently determine what objects are visible to a camera?
control animation using animator control class
Translating an object in the rotation direction
Array&lt;byte&gt;^ in Win32
Why my dynamically generated Sprites overlap?
Continuous translation in Unity
How to make a model parts glow one after the another
Using Chromosomes to Go from Input to Output in Genetic Algorithms
Swinging a sword in Xcode with Sprite Kit
Generate a large data structure using a compute shader
How to make unitypackage from allseen alliance&#39;s android sdk?
How to change the speed of the gameobject moving on the itween path
How to procedurally generate Mountains that Looks more natural
How to use friction to bring object to a stop in a simple 2D platformer?
How to implement this collision detection function?
Creating LOS zones on a 2D grid for chase AI
Can a local UDK server have two clients connected locally?
DirectX9 Drawing Sprites out of place due to offset
Why don&#39;t game developers change game stories after launch?
OpenGl indices array
Where to find market research info on adventure games?
What events invalidate the Unity machine identification?
How to assign texture to shader?
Clipping a SpriteBatch Draw() in XNA
ConsumeStructuredBuffer, what am I doing wrong?
How do I compile further libraries into my game?
FlxG.overlap() won&#39;t work
Fix latency when sending state
Unity 5 Enlighten - How do I make objects look bright?
How to use phaser documention?
Frustum Culling is incorrect
How do I make a Slick2D TextArea display newlines?
How can I achieve a pseudo-3D camera effect like this?
Java LWJGL - How can I click to interact with objects?
Apk file installes two instances of a Unity game
Use Slick2D for standard application instead of game
LWJGL: getDisplayModes() on Linux with two monitors
CGVectorMake to move SKNode at a certain speed towards the middle of screen?
Flipped model has wrong triangle order
Unity C# Microphone input in Android different than on PC?
Keep state in Unity editor without hitting serialization
Since Table.drawDebug is deprecated in libGDX, what should I use instead?
Combine flat and smooth shading with a single model geometry
resolving per pixel collision issue
Modern OpenGL, rendering multiple obj objects not working
How to render a pseudo-3D view like in the game Biosys (1999)?
Are there conventional 2D isometric axis directions?
postprocessing shader destroying viewport on linux?
Bike rotation freeze rotation
Unity - Proper use of threads with procedural generation
XNA Stop movement when arrived
How to use Android Sensor, only in x axis
How to select random points within grid meeting min/max distance requirements from each other?
Create a big image out of several other small images in MonoGame/XNA
Storing large layered tilemap
Unity .3ds file is purple
How should i manage intro animation
How to handle game widget destruction as a result of an event?
making Circle button in phaser
DirectX 9 - Troubles on PRT
Where can I get correct pitch parameter for SDL_RenderReadPixels function in SDL2?
How to stop an ImageView being dragged before the user stops dragging
2D smooth Rotation Unexpected
How to move an object to a position?
How to implement a professional fighting game input buffer?
Elegantly simulating NPC movement in inactive areas
missiles skip in collision detection
Additive blend, DIRECTX
XNA C# 3D game Wall collision response glitch
The camera in a 2D tile based side scroller is moving slower than the player
I want to swap textures on button click
How do I efficiently send RTS unit selections over the network?
Collision between AABB and Circle
State Machine class vs function pointers
TTF fonts are being converted to image in CPU or GPU?
What is the simplest way to calculate distance in a 3D environment?
Determine arc-length of a Catmull-Rom spline to move at a constant speed
Fast Ray Sphere collision code
Security of Unity Rpc calls
Store metadata for tile in Tiled Map Editor
Insert 3d text to the front face of a cube GameObject
Cloud gaming Services
Game mechanic player following path looks very roughly
java Move vehicle towards the mouse
Compiled vs Scripting Plugin System
Port sandbox flash game to Android and iOS
Position GUI Text in 2D game
Find fastest rotation left or right to face an object
How to make a proper cache on user computer?
Animation reset in libgdx
Data model design using Core Data and Spritekit
Space invader barrier implementation algorithm
Get the game state using Multithreading in Java Monkey Engine 3
How do I figure out if a point is infront or behind my vehicle?
Kerning between glyphs using SDL2_ttf
Textured/Vertex Colored Shader fallback
Processing - implement a first person camera?
Coordinate system in OGLdev tutorials
Python interpreter as in-game console
Unreal Engine 4 Error 2738
Use different values for Depth Test and Depth Write in OpenGL
Basic Line of Sight - Pygame
Flixel FollowPath problems
How To calculate camera boundaries
Why does unity obj import flip my x coordinate?
2D particles with a perspective camera?
Problem getting mouse events while keys held down in SDL2
Looking through transparent voxels doesn&#39;t show other blocks
Designing AI/NPC Task System
Steam for Linux platform libraries causing Qt application misbehavior
Is there a way to use an arbitrary number of lights in a fragment shader?
Apply shader to only a part of a sprite
Memory game - texture on cards
Libgdx. Sprite won&#39;t stop moving;
How do I properly apply root motion when using a blender exported FBX in Unity?
Only 1 side is rendered
What&#39;s the scope of RPCs in unity?
Problem restoring the game preffered buffer size after navigating from a XAML page. Monogame
unity 5 how to get a shadowmap
How to Enable NVIDIA Ambient Occlusion in my Game
OnCollisionEnter2D incorrect contact point?
Unity: Trying to add a simple light to a prefab
Weird rendering of bounding box
How can I modify PlayStation 1 games?
Why are my target-following objects rotated the wrong way?
LibGDX Box2D Lights - Illuminate background
How to show a popup with text when a game object is selected?
RTS Movement + Navigation + Destination
Generating Normal map from a Image with a given Albedo map
What are the performance difference between unsigned and signed integers?
Migrate from NGUI to Unity UI
Proper joystick input processing
Is Unity NGUI still that usable after Unity has add support for 2D?
Unity Collision Difficulties (How do I make a ground in unity with lots of pieces that doesn&#39;t have poor collision?)
Is there a tool to make a Spritesheet out of 1000 PNG&#39;s?
How do I recognize squares, rectangles ... (like in TwoDots)?
Unity shaders: best way of handling data structures
Strategy for keeping a primitive facing the viewport?
Drawing flaming letters in 3D with OpenGL ES 2.0
OpenGL Indexed VBOS?
What is a good way to determine if a vector is between two other vectors in 2D?
Why encode floats in RGBA?
Calculating distance for Gauss Map optimized SAT
Runtime resolution changing with GLFW3
Problem of textureRegions display after display two screens
How can I copy an asset folder programatically depending upon a constant?
Unity can&#39;t build AssetBundle for iOS
Texture packer and 2d game sprite sheet creation
Use spritesheet frames as particles?
Instantiate prefab randomly but not in already occupied position
How to programmatically disable sprite renderer and mesh renderer in Unity3D?
texture2D wont render in webplayer Unity
Libgdx simple movement with velocity
How to get camera to follow player, but stop when reaching end of screen?
LibGDX Android Application only running once
GtkRadiant to unity?
To what extent are video game bots &amp; NPCs â€œartificial intelligenceâ€?
Box2D: Making it Determinsitic?
Dynamically allocate memory for object array
Creating a 2d look sprite sheet and textures out of 3d models
Efficiently rendering tiled map on OS X
Spherical Collision
Skybox rendering
Player rewards in games where you normally have nothing to purchase
Valid instances not drawn
How do I destroy a Unity prefab when it goes off-screen?
How do I implement realistic recovery from weapon recoil?
Does PBR mean only one, right technique to view 3D scenes?
unity pass texture from one camera to another for shader
How many directional lights in Unity
How can I put my game into a cheap portable console?
Web-based interactive fiction engine?
How can I implement triple buffering using Direct3D 9?
Problem with NGUI Unity 2D Sprite across devices
Graphics Raycaster of Unity; How does it work?
Compiling glfw application mingw
Hiding actual IP of a Game Server
RayCast method always outputting False
Unity game in edit the scene mode all of a sudden became incredibly slow/&quot;laggy&quot;
Loading different navmeshes at runtime in Unity 5
Images not scaling properly in LibGDX when using &quot;batch.setProjectionMatrix(camera.combined);&quot;
Pre-calculating skeletal animation data
LibGDX/Java - Trying to find the vector from one object to another
SharpDX draw 3Dmodels?
Level loading philosophy in MMO games
Manage map like The sims game
Matrix Rotation Only Works On one Axis At A Time
Per pixel collision using marmalade bug
Estimate the time it takes for an object to travel from point A to point B
Rendering dialog in libgdx.
LibGDX: Scrollpane won&#39;t scroll to bottom after adding children to contained table
XNA/C# Shadows look strange in orthographic
Do mods for games like Skyrim look good on a resume?
Skyrim Creation Kit - Call External DLL Method
What are the advantages of tangent space shading/lighting, and what about attenuation?
Choppy edges with sub pixel movement MonoGame/XNA 4
Colliding wiith a smooth line of blocks
Sprite animation optimization in unity3d
Unity light object not affect some parts of a 3D model
OpenGL Shader Storage Buffer Objects array length problem
What are &quot;view frustum&quot;, &quot;focal length&quot; and near plane distance?
How can I verify if there is no object between 2 others?
How can I store tile maps as PNG images?
What are some great papers/publications relating to game programming?
What OpenCL video cards (or FPGAs) features are needed for high speed multiplication?
Should I consider a graduate degree in game development?
What are the fundamentals of game development?
What is a good university for computer science and game development?
Any interesting thesis topic?
Is a computer science degree worth it?
How does Navigation Mesh path-finding work?
How does A* pathfinding work?
Should I get this game development diploma after I finish my CS undergraduate program?
24-Bit Colordepth not enough?
How does Texture Mapping work?
Building a portfolio in Game Development while pursuing a Masters in Computer Science
What is Vulkan and how does it differ from OpenGL?
Client Tells Server What Gamestate Data to Send Back
Faster 2D Collision detection
Should I update VAO when I update a VBO?
Collision detection using gluunproject
What would be a good way to implement a large 2d map?
BoneOrientation in Kinect v2
How to use a buffer in GLSL to do a LUT-lookup?
How do audio based games such as Audiosurf and Beat Hazard work?
How do I access my existing script from a different script attached to a different gameobject?
Simulate popularity
SceneGraph understanding
Blending two images with Directx 11
Unity Canvas blocking objects in Editor
Identity for google Play Game Service (GPG) for web and ios games
Unity 2D Prevent knockback effect from 2D Translation
In Phaser, how should I be managing state?
Getcomponent(), GameObject, and Component issues
Press back again to close in unity?
Render to Texture Using Multisampling
XNA renderTarget, how to convert mouse coordinates to world position when upscaling
legality of certain game elements
Is it possible to control what script is active on what sprite/object in Unity?
In a grid based system, where users can build their own walls to create buildings, how do you determine which parts are indoors?
Delay in bullets
exit application on double tap with message (Please click BACK again to exit ) ......unity
Sprite movement only works the first time, can&#39;t figure out why
Unity 5 Animator controls - What are their Unity 4 correspondent?
Instantiating a prefab as a child to another game object (spawn point) - Unity 3D - C#
Is Minecraft component-based or does it have class for every block?
Performance issues with different types of uniform buffer
In unity game appears dark exporting to ios what happened?
Unity 5 The Editor has stopped working Windows 7 64bit
How can I resize the Unity Facebook SDK&#39;s login dialog to fit my vertical phone screen?
Is there a quick way to determine if a vector is in a quadrant?
Equivalent to Draw() method in Unity project?
Vector3.Angle() Never Reaching 0
What is the better way to speed up gameplay as the level rises?
How to clip or mask entity in adnroid/andengine?
How to optimize my lighting shader?
Unreal Engine 4 is now only free or open source as well?
LibGDX how to efficiently handle button presses
What are the differences betwen Texture, TextureRegion, TextureAtlas, Sprite and Image in libgdx?
Imported Blender modular mesh lighting/shadows issue - Unity
LibGDX scene2d good practices
How to create a separate bin folder?
Unity sprites are no longer batched after the object rotates/moves
Class design and data structures for a Tower Defense
Physics2D.OverlapCircleAll seems to be bigger than my radius
2D game - Missile shooting problem on Android
Efficiently creating animation sprites
How to invert a damage formula?
Space Shooter Unity 5 Collisions not working
Is it possible to use C++ with Unity instead of C#?
Using Nifty GUI with Slick2D
Slick &amp; NiftyGUI. Nifty initialize exception
Additional dependencies in XNA/Monogame
Wrong distance in Depth-buffer
How to Incorporate two loops: One for Turn Based Gameplay, and another for ongoing actions
How to DrawUserPrimitives after Drawing a separate Vertex List
Unity 5 2D drawing sprites programmatically
Collision Detection in OpenGL
How to calculate alpha for n channels, so the sum equals 1 (100% coverage)?
Are shaders the only way to implement 2d lighting?
Mock Collision Object in Unity
How does one write a wrapper for a game server?
atan2 : inversed result? (angle 180 is on the right side, angle 0 on the left side)
Why current scene in cocos2dx has no children when accessed from outside scene class?
How can I track a leader vehicle at a specific angle and distance?
How to resolse collision between moving and static AABB?
Pre- or post-multiplication for rotation between coordinate frames
Adding movement to a text-based rpg battle
Bukkit shoot tnt &amp; help with vectors
converting HSLS gives error
Rotating between two coordinate frames
How can I retain the soundtrack state across levels to have continuous play?
Formula for Planetary Alignment
How do I get the depth data of objects closer than 800mm?
How to install Unreal Engine 4?
Box2D replace Fixture not working as expected
How can I do sprite batching in SFML?
Real-Time Terrain Deformation
Where to start with game development?
How should my game characters store their abilities/spells?
Relation between &quot;Run in background&quot; setting and OnApplicationPause method
parented/constrained object transform lags when moving character in unity3D
onTouchEvent only working for one view within activity
DirectX My texture does work in my pixelshader
How to figure out a vector based on 2 points that add up to a certain value
How to resolve collision between a dynamic AABB and static AABB?
Calling Shader Functions Inside Other Shaders
How to move dashes towards target?
In OpenGL what&#39;s quicker, lots of smaller VAOs, or one large one updated each frame?
Inline-Building a World (SRT) Matrix
How to play a video and run content at the same time
Dot based light mask with shader on sprites
Do I have too many colliders on my screen?
How can I run a Unity game in a window larger than the desktop resolution?
On mobile, where should I save game expansions&#39; assets when purchased in-app?
How can I hide game asset files in my release build?
How do I get GLEW to use my Nvidia GPU instead of an integrated Intel card?
2D indicator for Rotation in 3D space
Getting a Ranged AI &quot;In Range&quot; to shoot
Have several classes with a common interface, but still able to access MonoBehaviour methods through that interface?
How does unity size graphics?
How can I make a &quot;random&quot; generator that is biased by prior events?
How can I avoid sending the full game state so often?
How can I optimise a Minecraft-esque voxel world?
How do I create and implement a sprite sheet for my SFML game?
2d character implementation in unity with a baseball bat
Changing State in PlayerControler from PlayerInput
Can someone explain to me the difference between 2 XNA methods?
Cocos2dx How to show different parts of a scene in a split screen
What are names like &quot;net.minecraft.blocks&quot; called?
How do I make a time lapse in my code so it updates slower?
How to rotate an object to face another in Unity?
What&#39;s the difference between Rendering pipeline and compute shader?
How to detect a cursor inside a non-rectangle shape
Why do we move the world instead of the camera?
Which opcodes are faster at the CPU level?
How to get display resolution (screen size)?
Trying to implement physics to my player. Can&#39;t get it to work
Why are gaming graphics not as beautiful as animated movies?
Why do games like Guild Wars 2 and Clash of Clans require you to manually collect loot?
How to represent ray and line segment in parametric form?(Visibility)
Problem to match font size to the screen resolution in libgdx
Invalid operation (1282) in GLSL vertex shader
Unity: DontDestroyOnLoad
Problem while importing bip files in 3ds max
Finding neighboring coordinates on offset tile map
How to get a position from a radial distance and angles?
Strange result, when changing variable name
Are these functions and parameters used in DirectX 11.2?
How to draw the simplest grid map OpenGL 1.0
Find the largest empty space inside a cube populated with a point cloud?
How would I change an object&#39;s fixed angle upon collision with another object?
Collision Detection algorithm using Line Detection
Using SVN with Libgdx
Replacing a sprite for another on runtime (Unity3D)
Breakout Collision Detection: Ball gets trapped inside block
Why does this simple if-statement that checks my main characters state never get called (Java/LibGDX)?
How to distort graphics in a wave-like way?
Why are my OpenGL textures warped?
Why do we refer to a &quot;model view&quot; matrix and not a &quot;viewprojection&quot; matrix?
Using Blender to define physics objects for libGDX
How animate objets seperately?
Does unused 2D colliders in Unity affects performance? Is an Edge Collider more performance friendly than BoxCollider2D?
Is there a significant amount of overhead when using STL containers instead of plain arrays?
why is glVertexAttribDivisor crashing?
Actual use of sparse voxel octrees in a game engine
possible way to bring canvas 2d animation in canvas webgl context
How to get Unity&#39;s 4.6 UI images to layer over each other perfectly?
How can i get a value from object in tmx file in Cocos2d x 3.x?
What&#39;s Clash of Clans point of view?
Alternative to Rotation degrees or clock facing to describe cards angle
Is it legal to pack LibGdx libraries in my jar file? And to obfuscate them?
Can&#39;t submit facebook app for review
Too much animation work for 2d characters. Creating 2d character animations by prerendering an animated 3d model?
Can&#39;t post from Unity to Facebook feed properly
Stop Unity UI Buttons from being clicked when a Facebook Window is overlayed
How can i get object from TMXTiledMap and store it in Dictionary variable ?
How can i calculate that normal lays in same part of plane with point?
UDK ping check without joining a game?
How to deal with cheat avoidance and trusted client issue
Isometric staggered multi tile buildings
how to &#39;Scale up&#39; my procedurally generated island/continent without losing its uniqueness?
XNA Monogame - Move .dll and .xml root folder
Zoom to Mouse on a Globe using a Perspective Projection
Launching projectile from a &quot;canon&quot;
Terrain texturing problem in cryengine 3 sdk
How to follow object on CatmullRomSplines at constant speed (e.g. train and train carriage)?
TCP For RTS Game?
What is the best text rendering technique?
Problem with 2D matrix transform og shapes
How do I show a small sprite being dragged by touch?
Unity PolygonCollider2D acts different on iOS Device
HLSL Pixel Shader - Color depending on condition
Frustum culling with an octree: one AABB per bone or one AABB per object?
Yet another frustum culling question
Extract smaller frustum from camera frustum?
How can I track down outstanding references to a D3D swap chain?
Fast method to find the nearest point on a model to a point in 3d space?
Check if an axis aligned cube intersects with a 3d triangle?
Collision detection between axis-aligned bounding box and bitmap (pixel perfect) terrain
How much is atomicAdd slower than an atomic counter?
Calculating Bounding Rect
Switch fullscreen resolution at game launch with Adobe AIR
How to implement data structures for shaders
Box2D setGravity() in Andengine?
Good system for experimenting with shaders in different languages
save and view snapshot image from android device
How to add a logo to a captured image?
How to deal with events in a game with multiple players, in Unity?
Get normal dependent on collisions position
Partitioning a Tiled map
How should I choose between Vec3 and Vec4?
How can i Zoom and Drag The Multiple Image in RelativeLayout
Confused with how I should organize my code in a 2D game using OpenGL
AndEngine Scoreloop - java.lang.IllegalStateException: you are not calling from the main thread context
How do I draw a line from a set of points in unity to use as terrain in a 2D game?
How to make a sword swing effect
Can I use unlicensed art to develop and raise money for my game?
maps in a multiplayer diablo clone - unity3d
How can you merge the geometries of cloned objects in Three.JS?
Changing the texture filtering methodology within the same SpriteBatch Begin/End pair
How to synchronize damage with attack animation in a RTS game?
Unity: Make camera center of screen
OpenGL Positional 2D Texture Masking
Loading .PNG file and using it for UnityEngine.UI.Image
How can I use graph traversal to generate a round region?
iOS: Texture loading when app is running in background
How would you implement a simple strategy player controller in Unreal Engine 4?
Remove previous scenes from memory in Unity 3d
Unity 4.6: why Image object doesn&#39;t stretch all sides of canvas
Collision/Intersection of (2D) Ray to Line Segment
Generate islands/continents with simplex noise
Why are Texture2d arrays so expensive?
Google Analytics collect and visualize custom data
Loading skinned mesh - initially rotated bones, how to set the weights?
C++ DirectX FBX SDK Importer Weird Mesh Problem
Do I need the dev kit in order to release for Wii U?
Box2d :What is the best approach to build static Box2d smooth curve line
What&#39;s the difference between rendering and shaders?
Sprite sheet textures picking up edges of adjacent texture
2D graphics - why use spritesheets?
WebGL (three.js) - rendering object behind camera far plane
Simulate juggling : how throw and grab objects with JBOX2D
How do I avoid removal from Play Store due to copyright infringement?
Rotate a plane defined by its normal and its distance
DirectX RenderTargetTexture bound to both RTV and SRV
How can I implement input handling into my game?
What is the difference between an orthographic and oblique projection?
Project rotated matrix to isometric coordinate
XNA Billboards dont have correct depth
PointSprite in DirectX9
Does Unity 3d cost money?
opengl shaders getting started problem
Object orientated design for RPG character creation
How can I increase the horizontal speed of something every N seconds in Unity and make it STAY increased?
Vector2 to 3D world coordinates
Input events slow on unity Update function
Building Irregular terrain in tile-based approach
Pick which directional light shades which object
Scalable server for MMO
Inverse Dynamics How to
What parts of gameplay can be copyrighted?
Game restarts after facebook login in andengine
How to restrict jumping to a single jump?
Javascript - create a new bullet instance every time a user event is triggered
Unintended twisting of geometry while generating a mesh?
Rotate on key down, revert rotate on key up?
Good way to support multiple types of triangles? (C# XNA)
Can I change shape of a rigid body after it created in Bullet3D?
How do I convert a cube map to an equirectangular projection?
Blocking Physics Raycasts with Unity&#39;s 4.6 UI?
Cannot use DLL in my Unity project
Custom key binding/mapping
Organizing a Transform class to internally use quaternions
XNA - Update vertices property stored in a VertexBuffer
How to get used Resources by State/Map etc?
rotating an object on an arc
How do I destroy a SDL_Finger pointer?
How to make sure that all the UI elements were the same size on all screens in new Unity 4.6 UI system
C++ - Error X3501 Main Entrypoint Not Found
How can I raycast between two moving objects in Unity?
C++ Entity Component System: Diverse Behaviours
Anti-Roll bar doesn&#39;t work
How is console game development done?
How to handle pathfinding and path following with sprites the same size as the grid?
Good GUI for OpenGL
Preferred way to integrate box2d with SFML
Matching the 3ds max camera view in my game 1:1
Sprite collision Rectangles LibGDX
How to draw a mini map OpenGL &amp; OpenGL ES?
Why are character-classes used in game design?
Segment-Cylinder intersection
From XML to class method
What counts as a &quot;game studio&quot;
How can i draw Arc in center of the screen on canvas in android
UDP vs TCP in multiplayer mobile game
which state to add main menu for simple browser game with phaser
glsl uniform int as index of const array
Scaling issues with mobile devices
Frame independent buoyancy using Substepping
front camera not working in unity 3d android
Questions about property-centric game object runtime
How to combine embedded generated graphs in a finite 2D plane?
Jelly ground collision
Box2D Lights - Simulate water
Camera is centered on character, but doesn&#39;t show character in game window
If you create a game, do you automatically have the rights to it?
Calculating Projectile Movement
How can I test if one point can &quot;see&quot; another point. (XNA)
Pathfinding and clusters
How to launch ball in an arc between two points?
What are &#39;ambient&#39; lighting/illumination/occlusion?
How do I convert a vector into a distance?
How do I find the intersections between colliding circles?
How do I test if a circle and concave polygon intersect?
Quaternion Slerp Over Time Help
loading a model, which has multiple meshes using assimp
Can drawing to an FBO be done purely with a depth input texture, or do I also need a color attachment?
Getting back to game page from xaml page problem. (Windows Phone 8.1)
Texture loading: Everything at once OR un-/loading the needed assets?
Unity 4.6: sprite image automatically splits to single sprites when clicking
Why am I getting Swift dynamic cast failed? when launching this controller from a button?
Fps independent rotation
Collada Animation leads to distorted model
Which pathfinding algorithm should I use for multiple enemies and tower placement?
How can determine the number of instances of an object in Game Maker?
What version of OpenGL should I target for Steam?
When should I load assets for optimal performance?
How do I write a wave-spawning system for a shoot-em-up?
How can you visualize a quaternion?
Cannot instantiate the type BodyEditorLoader
Weird polka-dotted lights, randomly occuring glitch? (UDK3)
What is a &quot;2.5D&quot; environment?
How can I render a simple lattice in LibGDX?
Visual studio and Unity does not sync
I have an array of blasts and an array of zombies, how can I efficiently detect collisions?
How do I model diffusion and heat?
How to get more gentle (cloud like) noise?
(LibGDX) Changing Color of Actor
Steering problem in 2d game
how to make a game object increase/decrease speed each time it touches the x and y edges
XNA/DirectX: Advanced 3D Sound
Most efficient way to achieve the following 2D heat wave background effect?
Rotating an object continously with OnMouseDown
How do I &quot;reset&quot; the color in OpenGl ES 1.0/1.1?
How can motion/simulation be suspended for a given orientation of the body in bullet physics?
Where to start developing a 2D puzzle game
How to cut isometric objects into 1x1 pieces
Is there a way to drain durability from an item instead of a sword, for instance?
Is there a way to capture back button twice in same activity libgdx game
Should independent game developers target older hardware?
Switching bezierpath to follow SpriteKit swift
Rotating an object continously in UNITY with onclick
3D model editor manipulators
Unintended sliding blocks Unity (5) physics
Update Loop in libGDX
OpenGL memory optimization and batching technique pitfalls
Is there a way to manipulate a pixel Array on the GPU?
Is using the student version of 3DS Max and Unity3d legal?
How can you put all images from a game to 1 file?
Is the rendering of distorted point clouds more complex?
Using Box2D for soccer physics
How can I format the number of digits my stopwatch shows?
2D Drawing architecture
Transformations between coordinate systems
Unity2D tall grass
Is there a way to check android version running the game using Unity3D?
DirectX Compute shader (HLSL) makes texture black
How to calculate a score algorithm based on elapsed time?
How to move a car over an environment
minecraft source code for use in mods
Achieve SSAO with deferred rendering,GLSL
FBO and VBO for performance
How can I get shadows to appear correctly when using a custom projection matrix?
Drawing faded lightmap in 2D polygon
Setup VertexPositionTexture array for a texture2D at a location
Interfacing with bill/note acceptors in unity
How do I move the position of the sun in UDK3?
How do I efficiently deal with entities moving between chunks?
Need help instantiating a controller and storyboard scene from controller SWIFT?
Are there places in the gaming industry for people who are artistic and programmers?
Why does the projection matrix transform object points into a unit cube in computer graphics?
Importing z-brush cube to 3ds max causes shadow issues
AI movement in 2D
Should my game handle collisions in the Player object?
Controller vibration with Monogame
How do you handle aspect ratio differences with Unity 2D?
Collision detection with moving tilemap
drift/skid in topdown racer with libgdx/java
Resetting scene state
How do I use a JBox2D ContactListener to check if my character is standing on the ground?
What are &#39;physically-based&#39; lighting/rendering/materials?
Get fragment from mouse position
Play vs. PlayOneShot
How can I handle ball interaction with lanes in a pinball game?
Cross component communication -Java
How to handle dimension changes on tileset? (Tiled)
Xna: Basic shadows
Importing code from unityscripts
Are Textures cached by GPU or buffered from memory for every frame?
Dragging an object and moving it back to it&#39;s original position on release?
RPG - Accuracy Formula (HIT or MISS only)
Unity 3d Animation Flickering
Unity polymorphism in editor through a list
Collision Detection Between 3 or More Objects
3D OBB vs OBB Collision Detection and Response
Semi-transparent mouse cursor on Windows
What is the difference between phy_position_x and x in GameMaker: Studio?
How to write testable MonoBehaviour and test scripts in Unity?
Playing a sound once pygame
Pygame 2D Vector Math Mouse Input
Basic Node Based Pathfinding
How can I avoid tight script coupling in Unity?
Game loop not functioning correctly
Store game events data with XML
Issue about different screen resolutions
OBJ file, face materials and drawing them with OpenGL
Optimization of A* in Python
How can I optimize these GLSL bitwise operations?
Affine transformation: rotate a plane parallel to another plane
OpenGL Post Processing Introducing Artifacts on Certain Systems
Detecting a 3 x 3 grid and extracting its coordinates using Kinect
Maya keyframe animation to unity
XNA C# Adding objects to List in another class
Datastructure for infinite 2D map
Smoothly scaling positions of GraphicsItems on a 2D GraphicsScene
How can I create an extending chain like the hookshot in Zelda in Unity?
how to determine wall direction with information of normal and incoming direction
Motion Blur (as per GPU gems article) only considers camera rotation, not translation
In-App Billing Library for Android Game
Not seeing the right colors on my Cube
How do I change a shape without affecting the rest of the screen?
AABB of a sphere&#39;s screen space projection
Can Java be used for developing games for Android in Unity3D
how to retain the animated position in opengl es 2.0
filling the empty spaces in a certain region in a grid using c++
ASP.NET Browser game Timers
How to prevent fish eye effect when using CCOrbitCamera in Cocos2D?
Rendering a fullscreen quad is leaving a one pixel line on the left and top
Hexagonal buttons
Can&#39;t go above max speed with RigidBody2D.AddForce()
Pathfinding: Tile-Based Navigation Mesh
Set an scaled image rectangle coordinates
Lists of concrete types show up in inspector, but not lists of interfaces
How to reference the right object in Unity
Unity Javascript GUI.Button shows up twice
How change the size of sprite in cocos2d?
How to find all the possible places to go on a grid?
Mobile game: Optimization only working on some devices / Render big texture causes stuttering after level load
Animator Panel in Unity - Where is &quot;Entry&quot;?
Image drawing tools (that aren&#39;t Photoshop) that work in the sRGB colorspace
Starling Image is not moving
How do I center the view around specific coordinates in SFML
Point sprites in particle system?
Camera Movement Smoothing
Full-motion transparentized video clips
Generating a NavMesh / Point Graph for 2D Procedural Platformer Levels
organised sprite sheets for hobby game dev
Can I display text in SFML without setting a font?
Drawing the same model multiple times
How can I ensure the player learns all skills in a single open level?
Getting distance between point of an object and another object in Unity
Chess Game WPF MouseDown Event
Realistically drivable car
Making a card game
Is it a good idea to make most actions in a game driven by simple tiny threads (in Java)?
Unity How to stop a jump?
How can I compute which chunk a coordinate is in?
If-clause in GLSL
How can this kind of entity/component organization improve cache efficiency?
Network tilebased game updates design
SFML - How do I create an OpenGL context before showing the window?
What has stopped MMORTS games from being successful?
Minecraft Server - Get list of online players (Java)
Dungeon Generation with no corridors and room dependencies
OpenGL/GLSL/LWJGL return value from shader
unity destroy enemy when jumping on it
RPG movement holding down button
Rotating an object with quaternion
Question about where to put a method
Is 50KBs of bandwidth practical for players?
How to implement accurate frame-rate-independent physics?
Is topology of procedural meshes important?
First Person Camera Target
How can I draw sprites in layers based on their Y position?
XNA - How to use One Rectangle in sprites for collisions
box2dlights confuses ScreenUtils for screenshots in libGDX
Reading Color data from UTexture2D in UE4
Difference between Update method and FixedUpdate in Unity?
How to handle a Block World like Minecraft
How to align angular velocity wit target rotation in 3D?
How can I achieve a good fire effect with alpha blending and particles?
How can I load another form containing a new level when my player reaches the current level&#39;s exit?
Libgdx Box2D and Screen Viewport Scaling
How can I create a precise touch in Unity
Are lightmaps also considered textures?
How can I make several 2D objects move in complex pre-defined patterns?
How can I model the physics of an air blower?
2D bouncing ball simulation - angular velocity
How to make a stereoscopic 3D Game with SDL for iOS
How do I prevent memory-modification cheats?
How to create service for date change in android
How do OpenGL ES 2 engines typically handle automatic geometry sorting and batching?
Unity 4.6 UI button AddListener sets the same callback to all items in List
Curved Meters and Gauges
How do I get realistic sliding contact between objects in a voxel grid?
How to get asset/model name from (custom) Content Processor in XNA 4.0
D3D11/C++ Inaccuracies in uv interpolation in pixel shader. How to avoid?
Position GameObject sprite where I tap on the screen
How to render the sprites for a 2D soft body physics system
Can we implement google play game services Multiplayer games with Facebook and not just Google+?
How to make a grid layout in Ruby (Gosu)?
Box 2d Level Editor for AndEngine
How can I implement simple object orbits in Game Maker?
What is buffer &quot;target&quot; in OpenGL?
How can I adjust my code to make the objects start dropping at a certain speed and then increase that speed over time?
What is causing this character overlap during text rendering?
Race OOP structure
What are the implications of using multiple OpenGL Contexts on a single thread?
switch between player camera/non-camera positioning
How to render specific FBO Texture attachment (assume attachment1) with 2 attached
Generating a particle effect on top of a GUIElement (Unity)
Unit Testing at Unity3D
OnMouseUpAsButton not always called
Loading Texture2d content in Monogame
Change sprite position
Vertex Skinning Looks Messy on Real Android Device using Monodroid
Possible A* Optimizations
How does an energy-conservative Blinn-Phong-Fresnel model work?
How can I make background elements wrap around the screen?
Is there any way of creating primitive 2D shapes in unity?
Searching for practical tutorial for designing levels for a platformer shooter game
Libgdx Sprite is not drawn when generated inside another class
How to combine VAO and shader language?
back-face (back-line) culling without winding order
How to make Line Renderer lines stay flat?
Can you recommend a good beginners book or project for a young person?
Procedural Progressive wave system advice
How do I share my Game Maker games?
Storing Type/Game Data Within A Unity 3D Game Using An Offline Flatfile Database
Is there a way to display navmesh agent path in Unity?
NavMeshAgent.CalculatePath - how to use properly?
Rendering many similar objects
Use Android 4x5 ColorMatrix in OpenGL ES 2 Shader
Most efficient way to hide out of bounds object in tile based environment
In RecastNavigation, how can I make an agent idle after reaching its destination?
How to make a scrolling background in Delphi with FireMonkey?
LibGDX with GWT ignore source file changes
Can one sell the game made in unity free version?
How do you capture keyboard and mouse input for an HTML5 game?
libGDX TextureRegion drawing weird when scaled
Developing game progress screen
Multiple Vertex Layouts
Depth write and depth test in Unity
In Unity, how do I dynamically manipulate parts of a mesh?
Generate next chunk with perlin noise
Am I allowed to name a game after some song?
Drawing Projected Vertices/Faces In Order
How do I rotate a skybox?
Show emoji colors in CCLabelTTF in Cocos2D v2.0
Libgdx Hud with two stages
What&#39;s a way to implement a flexible buff/debuff system?
Flick Gesture in Unity3D Android
SNES Limitations: Number of stored Graphics?
Where are all the tutorials for libGDX?
Why the clip space in OpenGL has 4 dimensions?
Is there a way to start with OpenGL 3.0+ without need to write my own shaders?
Is there a way to rotate an Ellipse in libGDX for collision detection purposes?
What is the purpose of integration in physics engines?
How can I implement platformer pathfinding?
Responding to mouse input on game objects
How to move a car model on a plane?
2D Platformer Pathfinding
Rendering lighting only on specific objects
Exported FBX Blender Model not showing up in XNA
How do I calculate the path of something in orbit around one or more bodies?
What is the fastest way of reading an atomic counter?
How can I implement a &quot;horizontal desynced colors&quot; effect in LWJGL?
Check if object is at position, then move player as close to object without colliding, or re-direct player?
Path finding for Vector Based System
What is the performance impact of rendering a larger quad?
How to prevent intepolated texture in fragment shader (Unity CG)
2D game with angled top-down camera perspective
Can i use Soccer/football team names in my web, iphone and android apps?
How will i know if the Body is facing a the target angle
Non deterministic dice rolls
Unity 4.6 New GUI Issue with GIT
Sprite not drawing at correct position
Camera bounds grow along with the game scene editor in Unity
Multi-textured terrain XNA-monogame
Where do I start if I want to make music and audio for video games?
Basic Monster Movement
Unity: Smooth collision
Fat geometry shader
Game AI. Behavior Trees struggles
Dynamic body in Box2D with fixed position
On-screen counting within a certain time-frame
Continous horizontal animation of objects
Using QuadTree for Procedural Generation
Elegant ways to handle rendering with DirectX 11
OpenGL: Avoid geometry shader for cubemap framebuffer
libGDX SpriteBatch.draw() origin not working as expected
Calculating bounding rect of a sprite
glBufferData consuming system memory
Can&#39;t work with universal tween engine while having added it to gradle
Is there a convenient way to port a .apk file to a .swf file?
How can I avoid having many singletons in my game architecture?
DynamicSoundEffectInstance get volume, pitch for each frame XNA
Are the Minecraft animations hardcoded into the game?
Character Models: Single Mesh vs. Individual Parts
How to keep server-client clocks in-sync for precision networked games like Quake 3?
SDL_PollEvent very slow on SDL2, but works fine on SDL1.2
Sending block chunks through TCP
Bullet Collision Shape doesn&#39;t wrap Model correctly
How to display armor/equipment on a character?
Implimenting BADLAND like Body Movement in Box2d
GLSL billboarding
How can I generate a 2D mountain landscape procedurally?
Creating an in-game time system only works with real time
Rotating an object towards a target on the Y axis
How to approach 360 degree snake without having it &quot;slide&quot;
How to get started with making textures
PlayFab Custom Server Integration
How import and draw a tiledmap with slick2d
How to unsmooth polygons in 3dsMax
Acute corner - Collision Detection
Can I develop a game for Kinect without a Kinect?
How to gradually decrease opacity of model?
Handling an item database with procedurally generated items?
Where is Light in Game view
Hide some objects from the camera (fog)
Drawing sprites only under certain conditions - alternatives to using &#39;if statements&#39;?
What is a simple algorithm for calculating evenly distributed points on an ellipse?
What is classified as a &quot;High Level Design Decision&quot;?
How Use loop&#39;s in cocos2d-x
How to implement user friendly screen panning on 3D HTML canvas for RTS game
Unity3D | Cost of accessing a script via a static reference to the instance
2D space combat - turn based, orientation / facing
explaining collision check code
SpriteBatch passing textures to GPU
Raycasting on Z in 2D
invisible actor at group (libgdx)
Collision detection of cicle and rectangle
How to estimate number or packets required to sent per second in a multiplayer lockstep RTS game?
How to trim a sprite?
How do I architect around Object Pools?
Is it possible to tile box colliders without causing &quot;false&quot; collisions in Unity3D?
Finding break in voxel grid (3D array)
Texture filtering: Is the minification or the magnification filter used when rendering at the exact texture size?
Open OBJ files with OpenGL c++
How to serve user generated levels?
How to calculate the estimated time of arrival and control signal between two quaternion?
Can I Debug.Log() on Android without all the callstack spam?
Find Point with only angle and distance
Implementing single and muliplayer without messing everything up
Organizing scene graph nodes that have multiple parents
how to detect collision with libgdx and tiledmap
Change pivot so that it is always orientated to world space (Y axis is always UP)
Scaling world - projection, view or separate matrix?
Physics-based rotation with an array of pixels
Finding the side of a shape a ray intersects
Multisampled Nearest Filtering in PS 2.0 is it possible?
How to restore purchases made with virtual currency from the App Store? (iOS)
How to correctly enable anti aliasing in XNA?
Speed dependent arc question
Minecraft Forge 1.7.10 Modding: Using BlockPistonBase metadata as a determinant for facing direction
How to make an object move and your player move in Unity
PhysicsJS object falls through the world
Trying to get the fragment shader to output a list
Keeping object a fixed distance from the ground, buggy behavior
Confused about Max Vertex Uniform Vector limit
What is the advantage of OpenGL&#39;s direct state access mechanism?
Averaging normals, or tangents
OpenGL light calculation
Loading flipped atlas in libgdx using assetmanager
Collision detection in JavaScript Canvas game - Issue with &#39;if&#39; statements
Backtracking in A Star
Create random polygon shapes
Is normal mapping cpu overhead or gpu overhead?
Comparing angles and working out the difference
How can i run my .L&#214;VE game directly from the lua interpreter?
moving a character in sprite kit
How to setup States in NIftyGUI and LWJGL
Lockstep dealing with lag
iOS / Gamekit - Leaderboards empty after adding in 3 values from different accounts
Unity3D - Button Slicing Problem
Client-Server Game Communication (w/ Protobuf, Relevancy and Delta Compression)
LibGDX keep camera within bounds of TiledMap
Libgdx triangulation messing up triangles
What is the correct way to raycast on click?
Smooth transitions between 2d animations
2D GLSL Lighting and Sprites
How Efficiently preform collision detection in NxN rectangle grid
How to import smoothing groups from 3D max to ZBrush
How to draw borders onto a map in Unity?
XNA/XACT publishing help
Static SFML 2.2 libraries and Code::Blocks on windows 7
How do I use CC_CALLBACK for external classes in Cocos2dx v3.2?
How can I get &quot;Good enough&quot; collision for entities?
Libgdx ParticleEffect world position
Timing in fighting game using animations time?
glGetUniformLocation returns 23724032
manipulate textures in real time using GPU
NAT punchthrough failed
How to project a foam trail on dynamically changing mesh
What will happen if the argument of mix() or clamp() is above 1 or below 0?
Best way to place sprite (which collides) on the top of screen
how to close lua file call luaL_dofile?
anisotropic fog of war
VBO -&gt; How should it be done?
Camera position and angle different when running inside Unity and when running on Android
Where the fxc.exe is located in Windows SDK?
How do I add a gameobject to a prefab&#39;s script&#39;s public gameobject field in Unity?
Fire an event while the mouse is down within my box 2d collider in Unity
How can I handle the subject of an action disconnecting before the action executes?
Logic outside of game loop running slower than calculated
Fake Lighting 2D Space Java
Freeing texture memory in SharpDX - what am I missing?
VBO - Update Vertex data
What is actually done by the deferred rendering pipeline in this context?
Screen record in unity3d
How to make hard to hack leaderboards
Jmonkey loading texture from fails
State system and animation of derived classes
how to create a responsive scene
Is this specific server architecture okay for a multiplayer game?
EditorApplication.SaveScene followed by EditorWindow.Close throws InvalidOperationException
Can I use my directx 9 code to visual studio 2013 that already has directx11?
Matrix, vector multiplications in OpenTK
Randomize and display sprites in a 4x6 grid - Cocos2d-x
How to calculate corner marks of a rotated rectangle?
Encoding/decoding data with byte arrays
Monogame Spritefont XNB file doesn&#39;t show up in Content VS2013 Community
Lwjgl Textures Overriding true type font
What limits the number of vertices the GPU can process per clock cycle?
Tiled PolygonObjects rendering wrong in libgdx
What does ddx (hlsl) actually do?
Java game loop delta not working
Java Game not rendering properly
SDL2 jagged/staircase edges
box2D and libgdx: Attach ParticleEffect to Body
alpha blending rendering black
Relative movement in Box2D (keep object from falling off planet)
change sprite color from properties of parent object in inspector
glPush/PopMatrix on projection Matrix?
Should I post a playable demo on Kickstarter?
Draw 3D model on top of another one
Play soundeffect only once?
Command Ordering Architecture of Dwarf Fortress
Java JBullet rotating rendered rigidbodies
How to create freeglut/openGL template in codeblocks?
Back button press on Windows Phone 8.1 Monogame
Normalizing a homogeneous 3d point
mouseWorld Coordinates Box2D
How do I create a view matrix directly from a quaternion and a position vector?
Efficient way to convert animation stack to sprite sheet using Pixelmator?
How does Unity input work with touchscreens
How does collision detection work?
Unity3D setting blend mode in shader using vertex data
How to compute the forward, up and right vectors from a single quaternion?
How do you manage a crowdfunding campaign for an indie game?
How to deal with two different axes on isometric game?
How to specify core project path in Libgdx Project Generator?
Maya loading custom attributes from file
How to increase the selectable size of an object for dragging
Java Collision detection
Java JBullet models not colliding
Methods to remove horizontal world slices of voxels in a 3D voxel world
JavaScript THREE.js webgl spotlight rendering
Can I get around a Pokemon copyright with new art and minor changes?
Resizing D3D Buffers within a frame
Game Loop Thread for different activities
How to compute the forward facing direction from three angles and then translate along it?
Render angles of a 3D model into 2D images?
Test iOS build on jailbroken device?
Java JBullet Mesh collsion problem
Z axis for player movement is being incremented, but i don&#39;t know how
Calculate slope for linear interpolated movement
In GM Studio, how do I prompt the player for a password?
Find References In Scene of scriptable object unity asset shows incorrect results
How can I update a sprite sheet without affecting the sprites already being used?
XNA SoundEffect won&#39;t stop playing
Spriterenderer on top of canvases
How to define 648 units, with 22 different values in Java
How do I apply A* to a complex and dynamic 3D environment?
Runescape Private Server - How does it work?
MonoGame in GTK#
A* pathfinding in 3D
Do I have to compile Unreal 4&#39;s source myself in order to make games with it?
XNA Get height at players position from heightMap
Java, Crashing with a Shader on Intel HD Graphics
What&#39;s the fastest way checking if two moving AABBs intersect?
Will Unity automatically scale everything? Please help!
Unity IOS game restart when you press the home button
How to set player rotation to direction the player is moving?
Is it legal to sell or monetize games created with the Unity 3D free edition?
Binding an Instance Matrix with an InputLayout
Unity UI InputField does not consume the keyboard input
Sharpdx DirectX11 MapSubresource is failing trying to map a staging texture
Mirroring a game object to create symmetry
(Unity) Is There a Way to Add Multiple Animation Curves Together?
Loading images using their bytes in Unity
How to write a good functional spec for a game?
Opengl Quad Tessellation Control Shader
AssetBundles for sprites, or download the images from my server?
Java LWJGL - Monster follow script not working properly
Transformation order for augmented reality game using OpenCV and OpenGL
Calculate future 3D Position of object(Unit)?
Drawing 3D cubes with xna
How to pass content through the project&#39;s structure efficiently?
Understanding Scene Graphs and Graph Edges
function of spriteBatch and Game1.draw method in XNA
Strategic AI in turnbased games?
Distortion problem with perspective projection
OpenGL 4.3 in C++ : Drawing static Triangle (&quot;Hello Triangle&quot;). Color does not appear (Triangle is just completely white)
Sprites and AssetBundles
What is the `AssetBundle` dropdown in the inspector for?
Getting the real fragment depth in GLSL
Refer to a gameobject on start
What is the difference between an alpha and a beta release?
Does conservation of energy exist in most physics engines?
How do I limit the rotation speed of a mouse-following object?
Creating a content pipeline for a Unity
Why do tutorials use different approaches to OpenGL rendering?
Crop a texture procedurally
What should I use for the event name when logging metrics with Flurry?
How to create custom cubemap images?
Category/genre name for games like: Ogame, Kings of Chaos, and Bitefight.?
Releasing a demo in an unfinished state?
Simple LibGDX Pong game drag player instead of getting x position
Stuck on a steering problem
Why do mobile games have delays for certain actions?
Why do phone games limit turns?
How do I derive an appropriate acceleration value for my game?
Perspective Projection Far Plane Not Clipping?
Adding new assets to already packaged resources
Simplify paths when a user builds
Is a game like Subway Surfers suited for 2D or 3D?
AndEngine rotate all connected bodies
Sprite animation with &quot;overlapping&quot; animations?
Applying statements to a single instance in Game Maker?
How can I create 2D, sprite-based reflections in HTML5 Canvas?
Java LWJGL - How can I add water to my 3d world?
Scrolling background loop however produces little gaps
Changing Light Intensity value
Understanding constant acceleration in terms of game physics simulation
Where and how to smooth a voxel-based terrain surface?
How to achieve smooth movement with a fixed timestep
Smooth rotation
Interpolating between two networked states?
Smoothing Heightmap Data
smooth shading vs flat shading, what&#39;s the difference in the models?
Particle trajectory smoothing: where to do the simulation?
Smoothing the scrolling path in 2D
How do I get smooth edges with OpenGL on Android?
Smooth animation when using fixed time step
Algorithm for smoothing a network object&#39;s movement
Ray-&gt;triangle collision math seems to not work?
Does level streaming in games load directly from the HDD?
Using a different &quot;max texture size&quot; depending on the device
What are some ways of making a game engine centered around the idea of drawing vector lines and polygons only?
3D models on 2D background perspective mismatch
How to discern boxes and spheres when importing from fbx
Discard Transparent Pixels in Z-Buffer
Canâ€™t Load .fbx from blender to Monogame correctly
What map projection is needed to transform a shapefile into a 3D earth?
In Unity, how can I check if an input was made x seconds/frames ago?
How to use isometric tile map in Construct 2
XNA - Drawing 2D Primitives (Boxes) and Understanding Matrices in Computer Graphics
Lost connection to forge in eclipse
2D Boat controlling physics
Unity import text or json
FXC: Error X3501: &#39;main&#39;: entrypoint not found
Why do I have to run my 2D game at 300+ FPS for movement to be passably smooth?
How can I effectively manage a hobby game project?
Where can I find free sprites and images?
Game development Blogs
What are good games to &quot;earn your wings&quot; with?
How can I find an optimum set of colors for 10 players?
When should I use a fixed or variable time step?
How to prevent the &quot;Too awesome to use&quot; syndrome
How does a single non-artistic programmer make a game?
How can I store game metadata in a .png file?
How do you prevent inflation in a virtual economy?
What things should an indie game developer never do?
Why are MVC &amp; TDD not employed more in game architecture?
How did LoZ: A Link to the Past handle sub-tile collisions?
What math should all game programmers know?
STL for games, yea or nay?
Role of systems in entity systems architecture
Has piracy ever resulted in a developer getting shut down?
Must read game development books
Why is it so hard to develop a MMO?
Entity communication: Message queue vs Publish/Subscribe vs Signal/Slots
What makes a computer opponent feel alive?
Good resources for learning about game architecture?
Version control for game development - issues and solutions?
Tips for writing the main game loop?
Free ebooks about game development
What data-type should I use for in-game currency?
What are some programming design patterns that are useful in game development?
How do I get started making Android games?
How do you generate tileable Perlin noise?
Where can I find free music for my game?
What can I do to make sure that I have the energy to work on my game while working full-time?
What are some good podcasts for game developers to listen to?
Where can I find free sounds for my game?
What is the future of XNA in Windows 8 or how will manged games be developed in Windows 8?
How to deal with (bad?) player suggestions
Why do loot drops contain (mostly) useless items?
How can I simulate a bad internet connection for testing purposes?
Good game design books?
How are bullets simulated in video games?
How to develop RPG Damage Formulas?
What is an optimum failure rate that will keep people coming back to my game?
How closely can a game resemble another game without legal problems?
What are some good learning resources for OpenGL?
Recommended 2D Game Engine for prototyping
What is the purpose of having lives?
Why do most 2D platformers start off in the left and progress in the right direction?
Good 2D Platformer Physics
How should a one-man team do game audio?
How does one prevent homing missiles from orbiting their targets?
Procedural... house with rooms generator
2D Gaming Libraries/ Frameworks/ Engines for Android
How to write a network game?
How to design a replay system
How does one make games playable before they are fully downloaded?
Game Development Degree vs Computer Science Degree
Implementing a 2D destructible landscape (like Worms)
What are the challenges and benefits of writing games with a functional language?
Huge procedurally generated &#39;wilderness&#39; worlds
What are the typical day-to-day tasks of an entry level games programmer?
Why do we move the world instead of the camera?
What are typical pitfalls when writing games with a managed Language like C#?
Level Design Tips
Are there any benefits for using the CPU instead of the GPU?
Why don&#39;t more games use vector art?
Cross Platform 2D Graphics Engines
How do I determine my games minimum hardware/software requirements?
C++ low-level optimization tips
Multi-threaded games best practices. One thread for &#39;logic&#39;, one for rendering, or more?
How can you put all images from a game to 1 file?
2D graphics - why use spritesheets?
How does Dwarf Fortress keep track of so many entities without losing performance?
Which image format is more memory-efficient: PNG, JPEG, or GIF?
Why are gaming graphics not as beautiful as animated movies?
How does A* pathfinding work?
How to avoid circular dependencies between Player and World?
What to consider when deciding on 2D vs 3D for a game?
How can I optimise a Minecraft-esque voxel world?
What are the dangers of self-teaching game development?
Good resources for learning modern OpenGL (3.0 or later)?
Why are character-classes used in game design?
Why do we use scripts in development?
Using component based entity system practically
Can I prevent diagonal movement from exploring more of the map?
How can I get involved with open source game projects?
What tools do you use for 2D art/sprite creation?
What kind of databases are usually used in an MMORPG?
What are the pro/cons of Unity3D as a choice to make games?
How can I get textures on edge of walls like in Super Metroid and Aquaria?
Good GUI for OpenGL
What programming language was Super Mario Bros. written in?
What C# libraries can be used to support game development?
What are good JS libraries for game dev?
What is Vulkan and how does it differ from OpenGL?
2D Platformer AABB collision problems
How does a collision engine work?
How is 2D lighting implemented?
Optimizing an XNA 2D game
Where to start with game development?
How could I implement something like Minecraft&#39;s crafting grid?
Why no night sky with realistic star constellations?
How can I effectively manage a hobby game project?
Where can I find free sprites and images?
Game development Blogs
What are good games to &quot;earn your wings&quot; with?
How can I find an optimum set of colors for 10 players?
When should I use a fixed or variable time step?
How to prevent the &quot;Too awesome to use&quot; syndrome
How does a single non-artistic programmer make a game?
How can I store game metadata in a .png file?
How do you prevent inflation in a virtual economy?
What things should an indie game developer never do?
Why are MVC &amp; TDD not employed more in game architecture?
How did LoZ: A Link to the Past handle sub-tile collisions?
What math should all game programmers know?
STL for games, yea or nay?
Role of systems in entity systems architecture
Has piracy ever resulted in a developer getting shut down?
Must read game development books
Why is it so hard to develop a MMO?
Entity communication: Message queue vs Publish/Subscribe vs Signal/Slots
What makes a computer opponent feel alive?
Good resources for learning about game architecture?
Version control for game development - issues and solutions?
Tips for writing the main game loop?
Free ebooks about game development
What data-type should I use for in-game currency?
What are some programming design patterns that are useful in game development?
How do I get started making Android games?
How do you generate tileable Perlin noise?
Where can I find free music for my game?
What can I do to make sure that I have the energy to work on my game while working full-time?
What are some good podcasts for game developers to listen to?
Where can I find free sounds for my game?
What is the future of XNA in Windows 8 or how will manged games be developed in Windows 8?
How to deal with (bad?) player suggestions
Why do loot drops contain (mostly) useless items?
How can I simulate a bad internet connection for testing purposes?
Good game design books?
How are bullets simulated in video games?
How to develop RPG Damage Formulas?
What is an optimum failure rate that will keep people coming back to my game?
How closely can a game resemble another game without legal problems?
What are some good learning resources for OpenGL?
Recommended 2D Game Engine for prototyping
What is the purpose of having lives?
Why do most 2D platformers start off in the left and progress in the right direction?
Good 2D Platformer Physics
How should a one-man team do game audio?
How does one prevent homing missiles from orbiting their targets?
Procedural... house with rooms generator
2D Gaming Libraries/ Frameworks/ Engines for Android
How to write a network game?
How to design a replay system
How does one make games playable before they are fully downloaded?
Game Development Degree vs Computer Science Degree
Implementing a 2D destructible landscape (like Worms)
What are the challenges and benefits of writing games with a functional language?
Huge procedurally generated &#39;wilderness&#39; worlds
What are the typical day-to-day tasks of an entry level games programmer?
Why do we move the world instead of the camera?
What are typical pitfalls when writing games with a managed Language like C#?
Level Design Tips
Are there any benefits for using the CPU instead of the GPU?
Why don&#39;t more games use vector art?
Cross Platform 2D Graphics Engines
How do I determine my games minimum hardware/software requirements?
C++ low-level optimization tips
Multi-threaded games best practices. One thread for &#39;logic&#39;, one for rendering, or more?
How can you put all images from a game to 1 file?
2D graphics - why use spritesheets?
How does Dwarf Fortress keep track of so many entities without losing performance?
Which image format is more memory-efficient: PNG, JPEG, or GIF?
Why are gaming graphics not as beautiful as animated movies?
How does A* pathfinding work?
How to avoid circular dependencies between Player and World?
What to consider when deciding on 2D vs 3D for a game?
How can I optimise a Minecraft-esque voxel world?
What are the dangers of self-teaching game development?
Good resources for learning modern OpenGL (3.0 or later)?
Why are character-classes used in game design?
Why do we use scripts in development?
Using component based entity system practically
Can I prevent diagonal movement from exploring more of the map?
How can I get involved with open source game projects?
What tools do you use for 2D art/sprite creation?
What kind of databases are usually used in an MMORPG?
What are the pro/cons of Unity3D as a choice to make games?
How can I get textures on edge of walls like in Super Metroid and Aquaria?
Good GUI for OpenGL
What programming language was Super Mario Bros. written in?
What C# libraries can be used to support game development?
What are good JS libraries for game dev?
What is Vulkan and how does it differ from OpenGL?
2D Platformer AABB collision problems
How does a collision engine work?
How is 2D lighting implemented?
Optimizing an XNA 2D game
Where to start with game development?
How could I implement something like Minecraft&#39;s crafting grid?
Why no night sky with realistic star constellations?
New to creating AI - where to start?
Why don&#39;t C++ Game Developers use the boost library?
2D water with dynamic waves
Is the TCP protocol good enough for real-time multiplayer games?
Game State &#39;Stack&#39;?
Coming up with manageable game ideas as a hobbyist game developer
Is Java viable for serious game development?
Is there a pedagogical game engine?
Easy to use cross-platform 3D engines for C++ game development?
Event-driven Communication in a Game Engine: Yes or No?
How to make some monsters appear more dangerous than others?
Why do games seemingly reload the entire level when restarting a level?
How can I avoid having many singletons in my game architecture?
How can I implement dialog trees into my game?
How can I set up a flexible framework for handling achievements?
Looking for a good technique for character movement in hack&amp;slash game
How are voxel terrain engines made?
1% idea, 99% execution?
What can make a peaceful game successful?
How to determine which thrusters to turn on to rotate the ship?
Pathfinding for fleeing
Why do most video game guns reload without losing unused ammo in the magazine?
What&#39;s the newest trend / method for terrain rendering?
Effective marketing strategies for independent game projects
Automated testing of games
How do I find artists to work on my game?
Where is quality paid game music?
C++: Smart pointers, Raw pointers, No Pointers?
How to generate a universe?
What kind of project management should a solo developer project use?
Managing text-maps in a 2D array on to be painted on HTML5 Canvas
How does Lua work as a scripting language in games?
What scripting language should I choose for my game?
Creating meaningful and engaging quests
How to generate random level from a seed?
What&#39;s a way to implement a flexible buff/debuff system?
Is it reasonable to write a game engine in C?
Where to promote your indie game?
Why can we recognize game engines?
How to learn 2d animation?
How to maintain artistic consistency when working with multiple artists?
What are the pros and cons of HLSL vs GLSL vs cg?
Component-based game object systems in practice
Why is this beat detection code failing to register some beats properly?
How to render realistic ice?
Random map generation
How AAA games use this texture in the tone-mapping shader?
How do Action RPGs make different weapon types feel unique?
Why do tutorials use different approaches to OpenGL rendering?
What path finding algorithms are there?
What are some good resources for building a voxel engine?
Is learning OpenGL 2.1 useless today?
How do you come up with ideas for new games?
How can I reduce aliasing in my outline glow effect?
How to break the feeling of busywork in a game
Why is it bad to hard-code content?
How to know when your game concept is simply not fun and to stop
How would you handle different aspect ratios in a 2d platformer?
What are the performance difference between unsigned and signed integers?
Why do game engines convert models to triangles compared to keeping it as four side polygon
What is the purpose of a &quot;press start&quot; screen?
How are deterministic games possible in the face of floating-point non-determinism?
How&#39;d they do it: Millions of tiles in Terraria
How do I create particles that react to the player and enemies?
How to render 2D particles as fluid?
Algorithms for rainfall + river creation in procedurally generated terrain
Decision Tree vs Behavior Tree
Best Way to allow players to &quot;Dye&quot; images without losing color quality?
What is deferred rendering?
How were 8-bit and 16-bit games developed?
Where can I find good (well organized) examples of game code?
How can I promote my game?
What are some ideal algorithms for Rogue-like 2D dungeon generation?
Moving ships between two planets along a bezier, missing some equations for acceleration
How do audio based games such as Audiosurf and Beat Hazard work?
How to create adjustable formula for RPG level up requirements?
How to avoid the GameManager god object?
MMORPG design for time-limited players
Vertical vs horizontal hex grids, pros and cons
Why are radians preferred over degrees in game development?
How to prepare a game for localization?
Movement prediction for non-shooters
Why use random numbers when it comes to rewards and stats?
Why are textures always square powers of two? What if they aren&#39;t?
Is it unprofessional to leave game resources to the open eye?
Does the gender of a game&#39;s protagonist affect sales?
Why do we use the Pythagorean theorem in game physics?
Any tips for creating cross-platform games?
Examples of good Javascript/HTML5 based games
Multi-threaded game (engine) design resources?
what is the best way to eliminate grinding in games?
Cross-platform independent development
Water/Ocean simulation and physics
Analysis of Mario game Physics
A ball hits the corner, where will it deflect?
How does a game without loading times work?
What are the pros and cons of incorporating Lua into a C++ game?
Is it possible to calculate or mathematically prove if a game is balanced / fair?
How can I make backtracking interesting?
Why are normal maps predominantly blue?
What is the fastest way to work out 2D bounding box intersection?
Turn-based strategy games where action happens in real-time?
What is the purpose of the stencil buffer ? More precisely, what is a stencil in computer graphics?
Mouse aim in an FPS
How can I minimize the chances of my game getting pirated?
Learning To Create Better Art (2D Games)
Good game design process for a do-it-all programmer
What makes a game look &quot;good&quot;?
When should I hard-code data versus load external data?
Realistic Camera/Screen Shake from Explosion
Rendering SVG art directly in XNA
Elegant way to simulate large amounts of entities within a game world
How do you prevent your JavaScript / HTML5 web game from being copied or altered?
Starting from Scratch - Is it a Mistake if I re-invent the wheel?
How can I make space recognizable and easy to orient in?
Entity/Component Systems in C++, How do I discover types and construct components?
How do you author HDR content?
What is a good file format for saving game data?
In a browser, is it best to use one huge spritesheet or many (10000) different PNG&#39;s?
In which directory to write game save files/data?
How do graphics evolve so much on the same console hardware?
Creating an illusion of stress and danger
How to deal with &quot;level design creep?&quot;
Will there be any more books in the Game Programming Gems series?
Why do games ask for screen resolution instead of automatically fitting the window size?
Do complementary shadows make sense for games?
Can I (safely) assume that people playing my game have a middle mouse button?
How can I make a &quot;random&quot; generator that is biased by prior events?
How does Flow Field pathfinding work?
Should I be using Lua for game logic on mobile devices?
What are some famous games developed with .NET and/or XNA?
Is ruby a suitable language for game development?
What is a good starting platform for a teenage game programmer?
How does pathfinding in RTS games work?
How to design the attack class in an RPG game?
Workaround to losing the OpenGL context when Android pauses?
Procedural world  generation oriented on gameplay features
How to network this entity system?
How exactly does XNA&#39;s SpriteBatch work?
Using multiple shaders
How can I achieve a good fire effect with alpha blending and particles?
What exactly does an installer do and why might I need one?
How do patches in games work?
Hexagon collision detection for fast moving objects?
Do I need to ask Microsoft for permission to use their products logo?
Why don&#39;t game developers release their source code?
How can I quantify a drawn line&#39;s straightness?
What are some common ways to generate revenue from a free game?
How can I make a good-looking explosion particle effect?
How can I make a peer-to-peer multiplayer game?
What are some non-obvious topics to learn for game development?
Profanity filter for an MMO chat
How&#39;d they do it: Destructible environments in BF:BC2 and BF3
Does inflating scores make players happier?
Difference between orthogonal map and isometric map
How can I design good continuous (seamless) tiles?
Which purpose do armor points serve?
Establish a person&#39;s genuine interest in game programming
Alternates to scratch damage to solve combat deadlocking
Alternative to Game State System?
Are there any open source projects for car engine sound simulation? 
How can I prevent false score reports to global highscore tables?
Vertex Array Object (OpenGL)
Several classes need to access the same data, where should the data be declared?
what is the standard solution to pathfinding towards a moving target?
most efficient AABB vs Ray collision algorithms
Should I continue studying OpenGL or just switch to DirectX to  give me a better chance of landing a job in the game industry?
What has stopped MMORTS games from being successful?
Why does my object move faster at 45 degrees than at 90 degrees?
What is the most effective way to work with a friend on the same game?
How to encourage players to level up multiple characters?
Random/Procedural vs. Previously Made Level Generation
24-Bit Colordepth not enough?
Maximum audio delay before the player notices?
How do you approach resolution independence in raster based graphics content?
How does hardware tessellation work?
Why is there a lack of games for Linux?
Implementing a wrapping wire (like the Worms Ninja Rope) in a 2D physics engine
Proper OO game engine design: how to parcel responsibilities
Texture packing algorithm
About floating point precision and why do we still use it
Can you access Kinect motion sensing from XNA?
Interesting/Innovative Open Source tools for indie games
What is the correct order to multiply scale, rotation and translation matrices for a proper world matrix?
How can I generate Worms-style terrain?
Is there an algorithm to detect the &quot;mainland&quot; on a 2D map?
Why should I choose to design a health bar rather than heart containers?
How to determine the amount of experience needed for leveling up
How are sound effects made?
why would you use textures that are not a power of 2?
What viable way for an indie dev to test for epilepsy reactions on a game?
Game programming books that don&#39;t teach programming?
What 3D level development tools are available to indie developers?
Doing powerups in a component-based system
In-Game Tutorial Decisions
Do 2D games have a future?
How can I improve rendering speeds of a Voxel/Minecraft type game?
Can I run into legal issues with random names?
Why do GPUs require game specific drivers?
Modeling speed of light information propagation in space combat sim
Difference between &quot;staggered&quot; isometric and &quot;normal&quot; isometric tilemaps?
If two objects interact, what holds the interaction code?
Why don&#39;t all games permit changing the field of view?
How can the lategame in a 4X game be made more exciting?
What is a &quot;2.5D&quot; environment?
Tools for creating assets?
Assets Management, database or versioning system?
Have any video game designs used non-uniform random numbers in interesting ways?
Do retail games use &quot;inversion of control&quot; and &quot;dependency injection&quot;?
How were cartridge-based games programmed?
Are there many games involving the manipulation of water?
How to create a hexagon world map in PHP from a database for a browser based strategy game
Strategies to Defeat Memory Editors for Cheating - Desktop Games
How can a programmer learn to draw 2D assets?
A way to store potentially infinite 2D map data?
Random seed function for map generation?
Who does the AI calculations in an MMO?
Should I have a public development blog?
How to handle multiple story threads in a RPG game?
Designing a game - Where to start?
How are game console reverse engineered so emulators are created?
How to generate caves that resemble those of Minecraft?
How does a 2D game like Zelda handle the character being behind buildings where only part of him is shown?
Simulating pressure in a grid based liquid simulation
Is OpenGL appropriate for 2D games?
How do teams prevent overwriting work in source files?
Teamwork in Unity
What is a good algorithm to detect collision between moving spheres?
How can I develop Flash games without expensive software?
Legal issues for a &quot;fangame&quot; of a commercial franchise?
What are your favourite game-specific coding gems?
What is the best way to avoid colorblind issues?
What can cause ALT-TAB to be &#39;annoying&#39;/slow/glitchy?
Marketing: Angry Birds - How it&#39;s done
Browser-based MMOs (WebGL, WebSocket)
Effects to make a speeding spaceship look faster
Is it legally possible to make a clone of the game?
Calculating the rotational force of a 2D sprite
Version control with game development - When should I branch?
Is there a way to procedurally generate the history of a world?
What are milestones for a game developer to gauge their progress?
How do you turn a cube into a sphere?
Why is permadeath essential to a roguelike design?
Why don&#39;t we use octogonal maps instead of hexagonal maps?
What is a good tool for producing animated sprites?
What C++ GUI library can you suggest?
How does Navigation Mesh path-finding work?
How do I get into Facebook game development?
Where can I find fonts for my game?
Methods for generating a map
Is there a faster sine function?
How is load balancing achieved in MMOs?
Packaging HTML5 games as applications for iPhone/Android
Android game development in c++
game story event programming
Determine position of a rotated element in Tetris
Given a list of 2D locations and sizes, how can I efficiently find the nearest object to some target?
Is game development a super elite club?
How can I make water appear darker with depth, like in Minecraft?
How can I make this style of 2D &quot;glowing&quot; graphics?
What quality should my sounds be?
How common is automated testing in game development?
How do I produce &quot;enjoyably&quot; random, as opposed to pseudo-random?
Anti-cheat Javascript for browser/HTML5 game
Does an inventory limit in an MMORPG make sense?
After a succesful glLinkProgram, should I delete / detach my shaders?
How do I protect my game with CD key / serial number?
Is the Manhattan distance monotonic when used as heuristic function?
How are boss battles important?
How do I make a character capable of walking on walls?
What are the most commonly used programming languages?
What is the cost of distributing through steam?
Algorithm for generating a 2d maze
OpenGL optimization tips
Available AI middleware
How do you start development of a game?
Is there a simple way to stop enemies standing in the same spot?
Is it worthwhile recording your own or buying stock sound effects?
Spell casting - How to optimize damage per second
Free voxel editor?
Double buffering on HTML5 Canvas game?
Lag compensation with networked 2D games
I prefer C/C++ over Unity and other tools: is it such a big downer for a game developer?
What&#39;s the difference between a Library and an Engine
Is a voxel engine appropriate for a Minecraft-like game?
What are atan and atan2 used for in games?
Algorithm for spreading labels in a visually appealing and intuitive way
Interfaces 101: Making it Pretty
How do I create a wide-angle / fisheye lens with HLSL?
How should I structure a design document?
Implementing features in an Entity System
How to I teach my artist to do arts for games?
Creating a retro-style palette swapping effect in OpenGL
Why is it difficult to port games from consoles to PC?
What is the point of &quot;delta&quot; in this code? Does it reflect a standard thing in game dev?
How can I introduce time pressure on the player&#39;s decisions?
How to solve the big video memory requirements in 2d game
Algorithm to modify a color to make it less similar than background
How can I make A* finish faster when the destination is impassable?
What is ambient occlusion?
What happened to procedurally generated textures?
Architecture a for a central renderer rather than self-rendering
Isometric game engine in JavaScript/HTML5
How to achieve a Neon-Light effect?
Top Down RPG Movement w/ Correction?
A good way to build a game loop in OpenGL
Do you need a license for weapon models?
How do I avoid &quot;too&quot; lucky / unlucky streaks in random number generation?
Randomly generated story
What data structure should I use for a Diablo/WoW-style talent tree?
Appropriate level of granularity for component-based architecture
Momentum and order of update problems in my physics engine
Why is programmable pipeline( GLSL ) faster than fixed pipeline?
Understanding Perlin Noise
Is it safe to use Sleep() in game loop (on Windows)?
How to implement &quot;bullet time&quot; in a multiplayer game?
Where to start when building a 3D terrain editor?
Game logic on the server! Good or bad?
How can I protect my save data from casual hacking?
Are there any disadvantages of using Distance Squared checks rather than Distance?
How to properly implement message handling in a component based entity system?
My game is just about finished! What do I do now?
Looking for articles/books on: How do games make money? What models do they use?
How to make a character jump?
In an Entity-Component-System Engine, How do I deal with groups of dependent entities?
Why is it that the majority of npc character models are roughly the same height in video games?
Multithreading 2D gravity calculations
Tutorial text without annoying user?
How can I Intercept object with a circular motion
What kind of gaming experiences does hiding game play stats and formulas cultivate?
When creating quick prototypes, is it better to use the language you are going to use in the end?
Approaching the Fun Factor in Game Design
How to get PS3/Xbox 360 experience without having access to Dev kits?
Are there any open source or free 3D modelling/animation tools that are widely used by indie game developers?
Tips and Tools for creating Spritesheet animations
How do you choose the right price of items in your games?
Who kept a blog for a year with a new game idea every day, and where is it?
Any open source game engines for Android?
Mega Man-style screen scrolling design
How does Blizzard manage to support Mac OS and Windows in their games?
HTML5 Game (Canvas) - UI Techniques?
Is Test Driven Development viable in game development?
How to design a game engine in an object-oriented language?
How to implement a never-rebooting test world?
Balancing Player vs. Monsters: Level-Up Curves
Correctly Implementing a &quot;Double Jump&quot;
What designs are there for a component based entity system that are user friendly but still flexible?
Algorithm for dynamically calculating a level based on experience points?
Should actors in a game be responsible for drawing themselves?
Making walls in tile-based games: what am I missing?
How does one buy the rights for a game?
For voxel rendering, what is more efficient: pre-made VBO or a geometry shader?
Out of bounds in AAA games
Is there a 3D equivalent of hex tile maps?
How do games like Minecraft generate entire worlds from a seed number?
Beyond &quot;Novice&quot; Game Projects
I want to make a moddable game. How does this affect my programming language choice?
Immediate GUI - yae or nay?
Making entire scene fade to grayscale
How to discourage micromanagement in strategy games?
Game planning and software design? I feel that UML is not convenient
Pros and cons of different integrators
How does one escape the GPL?
Techniques to prevent non-official clients in network gaming?
Try-catch or ifs for error handling in C++
How to avoid texture bleeding in a texture atlas?
Atmospheric scattering sky from space artifacts
My game seems to be incompatible with recording software. What could be causing this?
Should I use text files for my save data?
Are there 3D projections other than orthographic and perspective?
Should I assign a unique ID to individual units of game currency?
Transmission implementation in a car game
Command Ordering Architecture of Dwarf Fortress
How many threads should an Android game use?
What is the difference between OpenGL ES and OpenGL?
How can one implement hot-swappable C++ modules?
Tools for creating 2d tile based maps
XNA development tutorials
Target Tracking: When to accelerate and decelerate a rotating turret?
What would most games benefit from having?
How to deal with differences between 2D screen coordinates and Cartesian coordinates
Attributes for calculating a hit in a turn based game or Roguelikes
How to design a game&#39;s software such that it is easy to unit test?
What pitfalls should one look out for when starting a studio
When mapping the surface of a sphere with tiles, how might you deal with polar distortion?
Cross-Platform Audio API Suggestions
Developing games in Go?
What is a good linear algebra book for game programmers?
Famous games written in Python
Is C++ being replaced by C# in industry games?
Am I allowed to sell an XNA game by myself?
A good way to prototype game ideas?
What is the best legal way to get game assets?
How to Interpolate between two game states?
Level Design, Implying a path to the player
Collision 100% avoidance implementation
How can I implement gravity?
Multi-platform multi-threading: What are the real challenges?
Do iOS users use Facebook and Twitter buttons within games?
Is Tetris public domain?
Weird white outline around model
What do potential employers look for in a good portfolio?
What is the most serious limitation of Unity?
How does one avoid the &quot;staircase effect&quot; in pixel art motion?
Optimizing gravity calculations
&quot;The Game Object&quot; - and component-based design
How do I create a save file for a C++ game?
Spreadsheets in Game Design?
What is the view perspective angle of most 2.5D isometric games
Procedural river or road generation for infinite terrain
What&#39;s so different/complicated/useful about vectors?
How can I draw outlines around 3D models?
Why do we use 4x4 matrices to transform things in 3D?
Why is an engine like Unity3D emphasized over a native library like OpenGL for beginners?
What is some good examples about creating 2D fluids?
Best place for learning how to write games in Unity3d
Feasibility of an XNA game on PC
What are some good resources for learning HLSL?
What all should be happening during the &quot;Loading&quot; screen?
Do I need to learn C++ to use Open GL?
Coordinate system handling for 2D UI
Enemy Spawning method in a Top-Down Shooter
Tool to create a bitmap font from a true type font
A list of game mechanics
Data structures for interpolation and threading?
Should collision detection be done server-side or cooperatively between client/server?
Component-Based System online resources
Would it be better to use XML/JSON/Text or a database to store game content?
What languages are used to develop MMORPGs like EVE Online and WOW?
Are there existing FOSS component-based frameworks?
Do I, and how, separate the concerns of input and game objects?
Best strategy (tried and tested) for using Box2D in a real-time multiplayer game?
Reasons to disable game save during combat (e.g. Mass Effect 2)
Fight with creativity burnout
Easiest, most fun way to program 2D games? Flash? XNA? Some other engine?
What are 3D textures?
Is C# viable for a real-time game server?
File format for static and animated 3D models
Making a game as a tutorial?
When to roll your own game engine?
Is there a 2d physics engine that can model fluids and gases?
Is game development a no-money field?
Low traffic client synchronization with server in MMO
How can I identify feature regions in a procedurally generated world?
Hexagonal grid/tiles tutorials
How to get a game done?
How to deal with corner collisions in 2D?
If &quot;ResourceManager&quot; classes are considered bad, what are the alternatives?
What should I keep in mind when making 2D games for multiple resolutions?
Learning to optimize with Assembly
Finding direction of travel in a world with wrapped edges
How do you save game state?
Is storing all game objects in a single list an acceptable design?
How does one do unit testing in a game engine?
How to avoid game objects accidentally deleting themselves in C++
Algorithm for creating spheres?
Game architecture / design question - building an efficient engine while avoiding global instances (C++ game)
Are hidden stats a good idea?
How to prevent &quot;underwater sight&quot; in games
How can I make the &quot;Strength&quot; attribute more attractive to Wizard/Caster classes in a RPG game?
How to predict movement correctly when a player is invisible?
Why do game developers write their own engines instead of using existing ones?
Why is the origin in computer graphics coordinates at the top left?
How do I make a JS game downloadable?
Should independent game developers target older hardware?
What are some methods to represent train tracks?
Blender For Game Development, Pros And Cons
How do/should MMOs handle disconnection during PvP?
Real-time Debugging Techniques
Sprite Animation Best Practices
How to design an AssetManager?
What options do I have for game hosting
What functional language is most suited to create games with?
Checklist for finished game?
How do you get useful data from playtesters?
Tweaking and Settings - Runtime variable modification and persistence
Efficient way of drawing outlines around sprites
What are the biggest pitfalls to consider when developing a new game?
Where can I meet other independent game developers?
How can you visualize a quaternion?
What are the implications of not owning the IP of a character graphic in my game?
noSQL - Is it a valid option for web based game?
MVC-like compartmentalization in games?
What can I do to increase the female:male ratio of gamers in an online, casual gaming, community?
What should a game engine do?
How can I get my game to show up in the Games Explorer on Windows?
How can I create a lighting effect like this?
How to implement behavior in a component-based game architecture?
What is a fragment?
What are the cons of using DrawableGameComponent for every instance of a game object?
How to create a Ghost Replay feature in a game?
What does it mean to &quot;bake lights&quot;?
What is the simplest method to generate smooth terrain for a 2d game?
Competing with C++ for games programming
Behaviour tree code example?
Orienting a model to face a target
How do we keep ourselves from being sued for unknown patent infringements?
What is a good algorithm for fractal-based procedural city layout?
Quick 2D sight area calculation algorithm?
How important do you find exception safety to be in your C++ code?
Can I legally sell an XNA game made with Visual C# Express Edition?
Where are all the tutorials for libGDX?
What is the benefit of triple buffering?
How much assembly is really used in modern game code?
outline object effect
What&#39;s the difference between mesh and a model?
Given a RGB color x, how to find the most contrasting color y?
Moving CW or CCW?
Eight or infinity sign trajectory
Difference between Material and Shader
Why does this geometry shader slow down my program so much?
Tricks in game mechanics to avoid dealing with network lag compensation?
How to structure code for many unique weapons/spells/powers
Which features belong to the engine and which ones to a game?
A Simple Method To Create Island Map Mask
Is implementing your own scripting language viable?
Kickstarter &quot;last minute cold feet&quot;
How would one construct a realistic &quot;infrared vision&quot; effect?
How to optimize the distance function?
Can I legally remove the default Unity splash screen by removing it from the APK?
Which Unreal Engine 4 project files can I ignore in source control?
Best way to store game-wide variables
What problem does double or triple buffering solve in modern games?
Why are leaderboards often separated between platforms?
How can I come up with a simple diminishing return equation?
How can I &quot;publish&quot; an Android game without Google Play?
Why do some networked games use interpolation and some use pathfinding for remote movement?
What are some known 2D/3D physics engines for XNA?
How to make a multiplayer game work reliably behind NAT?
What are the advantages and disadvantages to using a game engine?
Essential knowledge for making HTML/JavaScript-based games
What is involved for a simple UDP game?
How to demo Advanced Game AI as a portfolio piece?
Resource Managers - Are they any good?
Upgrade OpenGL version on Windows?
What should every graphics programmer write
Getting It Done vs Solid Software Design?
In what kind of variable type is the player position stored on a MMORPG such as WoW?
What are different ways to define items in an RPG like game?
Simple game engines / development tools made with artists in mind?
Advice for a first year CS major
Building a Plattformer - How to determine if a player is allowed to jump?
Procedural Planets, Heightmaps and Textures
As an indie game developer, how can I have (quality) music/sound done?
Does it make the game more fun when the user is forced to progress through the levels sequentially rather than letting them pick and play?
How can I calculate the angle and proper turn direction between two 2D vectors?
What are the differences between XNA 3.1 and 4.0?
Online leaderboard systems for (small/indie) PC games?
What are effective marketing strategies for iPhone games?
AI control for a ship with physics model
Game actions that take multiple frames to complete
How to procedurally (create) grow an artistic (2D) tree in real-time (L-System?)
Polling vs event driven input
Vectors in game development
How are physics or graphics components typically built in a component-oriented system?
Recognizing a hexagonal clickbox
Game engine: a decent way, architecture-wise, to implement scripting support?
Are there any good tilesets for hex-based maps that are available for free use?
Is there anything like XNA for c++?
Ideas for 2D Water Simulation
What are the pros and cons of these voxel data file formats?
Is it legal to develop a game using D&amp;D rules?
Simple noise generation
How can I evenly fan out a hand of cards?
Animation Blending Basics
How does client-side prediction work?
I can&#39;t figure out how to animate my loaded model with Assimp
Is there a tool to make a Spritesheet out of 1000 PNG&#39;s?
Is there a definitive reference on Pinball playfield design?
Where can I Find Free TOS or Privacy Policy Templates?
Drawing lots of tiles with OpenGL, the modern way
How to convert mouse coordinates to isometric indexes?
Should Vector3 inherit from Vector2?
Algorithm to simplify building/structural meshes
UI mockups to the code
Process of getting DEJUS rating (Brazil)?
Elegant solution for coloring chess tiles
In modern AAA games with open environment and lot of static content (eg : crysis), how is occlusion culling performed?
Determining Poker Hands
How would you implement chromatic aberration?
How can I maintain a rectangular formation when units are added or removed?
Preempting Behavior Trees
Does HDR rendering have any benefits if bloom won&#39;t be applied?
Separating game data/logic from rendering
How can I compute a Jacobian matrix with dual quaternions?
When does a game need an official age-rating?
How do I make A* agents avoid other agents?
How can I encourage players to &quot;talk to&quot; to each other in team-based games?
What is the purpose of adding non-gameplay elements to a game?
How do you handle aspect ratio differences with Unity 2D?
Why do I seem to lose control of my computer when full screen Unity game loses focus?
Why is H (blinn) used instead of R (phong) in specular shading?
How to install Unreal Engine 4?
How can I develop my Android game for different phone resolutions?
Is there any Lua API that works with C# for PC &amp; XBox 360 Development?
How can I produce heatmaps based off of player reported data?
How can I implement parallax scrolling into my 2D game?
How do you add a scripting language to a game?
Is there any way to earn money with an open source game?
How does Megatexture work?
How to handle Multiple-accounts creation and cheating?
3D theory before graphics APIs?
Most Needed Open Source Project
Procedural Generation of Infinite Level
Getting started in game development: Is XNA a good choice?
What happened to the Journal of Game Development?
How do I best remove an entity from my game loop when it is dead?
Does Big O really matter?
OpenGL wireframe
Balance in online PvP games
How viable ogre3d is for a commercial project?
Error on new XNA 4.0 game project - No suitable graphics card found
Comparing angles and working out the difference
How do I build a 2D physics engine?
When should vector/list be used?
Is XNA good for professional development for the Xbox 360?
Do any open source JavaScript 3D physics engines exist?
Is Unlimited Detail real?
Bezier curve arc length
How far can you get with Garry&#39;s Mod and no money?
Quad tree vs Grid based collision detection
&#39;Binary XML&#39; for game data?
MVC (Model-View-Controller) Game Engine Architecture - Yes or No?
How do I test if a circle and concave polygon intersect?
How to deal with D3DX .dll hell?
How to choose how to store data?
Does C# have a future in games development?
Dynamic Memory Allocation and Memory Management
What are some good game development programs for kids?
What is the average job length in the game industry?
How to colorize certain parts of a model - like RTS games have those team colors?
Is there a successor to RenderMonkey?
AI: Learning vs. Strategizing
Objective-C or C++ for iOS games?
Guidance for building a proper in game economy
Designing a component based game
Isometric rendering and picking?
What behaviors should go into making a &quot;non-perfect&quot; AI combatant?
I need advice for my future career
Recreating retro/NES style physics with intentional imprecision
Where can I publish my Windows Indie game?
Determine arc-length of a Catmull-Rom spline to move at a constant speed
RTS Game Protocol
Is deferred rendering/shading possible with OpenGL ES 2.0 ?
Can I develop games for mobile platforms in C++?
What are some techniques for designing fun, challenging Mario-style platformer levels?
Are games designed to be addictive?
Spawning units in a world made by Perlin noise?
What is the math behind the light effect in krakatoa?
Making the AI take different paths to each other
Polishing your game: how much is enough?
full screen anti-aliasing in opengl
It is worth adding &#39;futuristic&#39; features to our game, or should we put our focus elsewhere?
How can I make message passing between threads in a multithreaded engine less cumbersome?
Why are big files better than small files for consoles?
A simple map, four biomes, and how to distribute them
Does the linear attenuation component in lighting models have a physical counterpart?
How can I generate floating land masses for a Minecraft-like engine?
Can I use popular classical music as my game&#39;s soundtrack?
Coding for a really, really high-resolution display array
Why is RK4 better than Euler integration?
How can I generate signed distance fields (2D) in real time, fast?
How to programatically retarget animations from one skeleton to another?
How can I generate random lakes and rivers in my game?
Can the solar system be accurately represented in 3d space using doubles (or longs)?
in/out keywords in GLSL
What are some good (retro) symbols for magic/mana/energy?
Freeglut vs SDL vs GLFW
How is AI most commonly implemented in popular games?
How should I structure an extensible asset loading system?
It is worth planning before jumping in the code?
How to monetize and protect a engine&#39;s and its framework&#39;s copyrights and patents?
Best way to mask 2D sprites in XNA?
Handling player logoff and logon in a persistent world without breaking immersion
Rolling my own scene graph
Why is chunk size often a power of two?
Dictionary of common names for code objects
Best practices for labeling game versions?
Set up indie game studio (UK) - how?
Best technique to create oldschool (fake 3D) racing game?
Do you actually use diagrams to model games?
Crowdfunding an indie game. What should I offer back?
Spherical map representation
Imperfect pong AI
How can I design lots of different attack types that can be combined?
What is the standard C# / Windows Forms game loop?
How can I mock Google Play purchases?
What is the utility of squared radius and inverse squared radius for lighting computations?
Will Unity skills be transferable?
Generating tile map
Does allocating and freeing a huge chunk of memory at startup &quot;clean up memory&quot;?
Is there any harm in having the main game loop run uncontrolled?
Algorithm for procedureral 2D map with connected paths
How can I detect connected (but logically distinct) bodies of water in a 2D map?
Using spherical harmonics to build complex sound scapes
For 2D games, is there any reason NOT to use a 3D API like Direct3D or OpenGL?
What is &quot;procedural generation&quot; and how is it done?
How can I record my vector graphics game without  blurring the graphics?
What name should I give each difficulty level?
How can I improve or replace my programmer art?
2D tycoon games vs. 3D tycoon games
Solids as high viscocity Liquids
How can I write a Save/Load system for my game?
In Pong, how do you calculate the ball&#39;s direction when it bounces off the paddle?
Where can I find a free dictionary of words?
What scripting language would you recommend for a C++ game project?
What revenue models exist for online games?
Multiplayer Implementation, Can I implement it later if I chose to?
What makes Minecraft so great?
How does one optimize an HTML5 Canvas and JavaScript web application for Mobile Safari?
What does a Game Designer do? what skills do they need?
Unity3D, how much code do you write?
What makes puzzle games addictive?
Collision Resolution
Finite state machine in C++
Useful resources for beginning AI
Effects for Programmers
Modern Shader Book?
How to balance a non-symmetric &quot;extension&quot; based game?
What exactly is UV and UVW Mapping?
Are there any alternative JS ports of Box2D?
Adding multiplayer to an HTML5 game
The practical cost of swapping effects
Best C++ Math Library for Game Engine?
2d Procedural universe generation
How should I automatically update my entire game&#39;s files?
Should the game host be the authority, or another dumb client?
Advice on game architecture/design patterns
Where should collision detection logic be placed?
Game state management techniques?
How object-oriented are videogames?
Game Sound Effects Availability
How does one obtain an official Nintendo development SDK?
Using PS3 controller for input on Mac OSX
What are the pros/cons of using a 3d engine for 2d games?
Terrain Generation for Tile-Based 2D Platformer
How to properly handle the landing part in a jump animation
Would studying psychology give an advantage to a game designer?
What is a good book on physics for game development?
How do I add a custom mob to Minecraft?
How to capture video of my mobile game?
Which software to keep track of my project?
Will polishing my current project be a better learning experience than starting a new one?
How to resolve collisions of compound shapes using SAT?
Game engine and data driven design
What does the graphics card do with the fourth element of a vector as the final position?
How can I create a random &quot;world&quot; in a tile engine?
What makes in-game tutorials effective?
Complex Game AI for Turn-based Strategy Games
Am I liable if my game damages someone&#39;s computer?
How to wire finite state machine into component-based architecture?
What&#39;s the best head-bob formula?
Keystone Correction using 3D-Points of Kinect
Play videos with LibGDX
How do history generation algorithms work?
I have an &quot;amoeba&quot; game mechanic. Any idea on how to implement it?
What was the typical toolchain for DOS game development?
How does one save a procedural world?
Where does the money to make a video game come from?
Do I need a Point and a Vector object? Or just using a Vector object to represent a Point is ok?
Using C++11 for cross-platform Game Engine Development
Suitability of ground fog using layered alpha quads?
What libgdx project files can I ignore from version control?
OpenGL: Where shoud I place shaders?
Should developers make their games easier with new versions?
Graphics not being displayed on OUYA
Why do MMORPGs still use multiple servers?
Why is my sky color calculation in Mathematica incorrect?
How to simulate early politics?
What is &quot;tools development?&quot;
How do I implement a programming system in my game that is both accessible, powerful, and fast to code in?
Best way to gain C++ working experience for a job in games (coming from C#)
Changing background music smoothly
How do Raymarch shaders work?
What does a matrix represent?
Does game development have its own types of modeling?
Camera vs Viewport
How are entity systems cache-efficient?
What is better? Lots of small TCP packets, or one long one?
Where do I start if I want to independently learn game graphic design?
Where can I find fonts which I can distribute with an open source game?
What are some ways to prevent or reduce cheating in online multiplayer games?
How do you gather and collate information you need to make a post-mortem?
When dealing with a static game board, what are some methods to make it more interesting?
Dynamic pathing algorithm for tower defense game
Are game manuals worthwhile anymore?
boolean operations on meshes
What are some cool examples of procedural pixel shader effects?
Are square or hex grids better for pathfinding?
How much longer should I support iPhone 3G?
Creating a 3D map for XNA?
How do I handle moving platforms in a platform game?
Ways to earn money through Flash games
How do I render a mirror or other reflective surfaces?
OpenGL ES 2.0: Setting up 2D Projection
How do I query available video memory using DirectX?
Cross platform mobile game design - any options?
3D game engines for XNA games
Elevation model for hexagonal game grids
Pleasing isometric hexagons
How do I create tileable solid noise for map generation?
How can I debug shader programs?
Alternatives to Singletons / globals
How do I protect my rights to my game on the web?
Is C++ &quot;still&quot; preferred in game development?
(RPGs) Drop table design
What is the purpose of the canonical view volume?
Is it clever to use some engine to start game developing?
Creating an electricity/lighting/tesla coil effect in a 2D XNA game?
Can and should a game design be patented?
How should I sort images in an isometric game so that they appear in the correct order?
Public Relations for Game Developers
Any fixed-point portable open-source 3D physics engines?
AI to move custom-shaped spaceships (shape affecting movement behaviour)
GLSL Shader Effects: How to do motion blur, etc?
Open source component-based game or engines?
How to protect your real time online shooter from potential bots
Shadow map artifacts
Rent-a-Coder style site for artists
Is there a site where people discuss game concepts and questions in general?
Real time shadow casting in a 2D isometric game
Best/Efficient way to implement a 3d Collision
how does HDR work?
How to calculate turn heading to a missile?
How do you add equipment to a 3D character model using XNA/Blender?
What are pros and cons of Voronoi shatter?
Do I need the &#39;w&#39; component in my Vector class?
What resources can I use to determine if the name of my game violates any copyrights or trademarks?
PC game update systems
Avoiding impossible states in an adventure game
Is there any documentation comparing/contrasting C++ standard library implementations?
How can I make huge terrains in Unity?
How do you programmatically generate a sphere?
Is there a rule of thumb to scale up the environment by 33%?
Faking isometric graphics in a 2D space game
Examples of faking 3D
How to tie a bullet release with a firing animation
Must know legal issues when releasing a game?
Tangible benefits to speed-coding your personal game projects
Is there a way to use an arbitrary number of lights in a fragment shader?
Game Components, Game Managers and Object Properties
Why would some PNG files extracted from games display incorrectly?
Creating my own kill cam
How do you calculate the nearest point on 2 curves?
2D Planet Gravity
How can I implement lighting in a voxel engine?
Why does OpenGL &gt;= 3 only allow VBOs?
How can I unit test rendering output?
How should I go about learning XNA?
Ways to manage changing designer data alongside changing player data
As an indie developer, what should I learn about the business end of game development?
Unity 3D engine for Ubuntu?
Level Editor + Game -&gt; Duplicating rendering/game specific code?
Starting out with OpenGL when most tutorials are out of date
What are the maths behind &#39;Raiden 2&#39; purple laser?
What is a game framework versus a game engine?
SharpDX and game engines, back to zero?
Algorithm for creating adjacent triangles
Books for designing virtual economy
Embed IF text parser in another game?
How should multiplayer games handle authentication?
How to make my characters turn smoothy while walking on a path(list of coordinates)?
Design of a turn-based game where actions have side-effects
Peer-to-peer hostless competitive games of chance?
Territory patrol planning
Making Procedurally Generated Top-Down Landscapes Interesting
An object twice as close appears twice as big?
Behavior Trees :: Actions That Take Longer Than One Tick
Is C++ necessary to learn if I ever want to get a job in the game industry?
Why is 90&#176; horz / 60&#176; vert the default FPS Field of View?
Partially observable game map â€” is A* appropriate?
What is billboarding, and can/should it be used in 3D games to create special effects for weapon blasting effects?
Which is the best LOD method for planet rendering?
Optimizing collision engine bottleneck
What advantages does bare OpenGL provide over frameworks/engines to small developers?
How to represent projectiles in video game?
Can I simplify the inequality &quot;distance(p1, p2) &lt; distance(p1, p3)?&quot;
Normals vs Normal maps
How should game objects be aware of each other?
Rendering oily/polluted water?
What would a &quot;2nd person&quot; viewpoint consist of?
What are the common rendering optimization techniques for the geometry pass in a deferred shading renderer?
How do you prepare for out of memory conditions?
How can I generate a lightning bolt effect?
OOP architecture for Hero with many attributes
How do I lerp between values that loop (such as hue or rotation)?
Using instancing for everything?
What to send to server in real time FPS game?
Networking for Real Time Strategy games
Dealing with multiple licenses
Grow first, Ads later for mobile games?
Creating a seamlessly looping 2D multiplayer level?
What does the term &quot;channel&quot; mean when used in regards to computer graphics?
How can I let new players effectively compete with long-time players?
How to avoid movement speed stacking when multiple keys are pressed?
How can I create a stretchy, breakable pizza cheese material?
Should a socket server and game server be separate processes?
How can I avoid tight script coupling in Unity?
How can I implement a global high score ladder?
What is a texture atlas?
What are some ways of sorting through zero-experience programming candidates?
Tools for generating texture atlases/sprites from source images?
Pro&#39;s and Con&#39;s of Various 3D Game Engines
C# (Mono)/Java 3D Game Engine recommendation
How is game difficulty tested/balanced?
What happened to COLLADA?
Good 3D Math Theory Books
Where is XNA headed?
What do you use to bundle / encrypt data?
Tips for implementing MMO quest mechanics?
Which unit test framework for c++ based games?
Enemy evolution in shoot-em-ups
Getting a texture from a renderbuffer in OpenGL?
What is a Game State?
How can I design an effective game object interaction scheme with a component-based architecture?
How are game cinematics made?
What is the best designed open source game engine to take example?
Can we develop a game for iPhone on Windows platform?
Puzzle design in Adventure games
What&#39;s the state of the art in Space Partitioning for games?
Disposing only certain resources in XNA?
Am I hurting myself by not knowing C++ for game design?
Is there any performance benefit to sharing shaders between programs?
Recommended RPG game that can be used to learn game Modding?
Calculating the output of two armies fighting
Phone for Android game development
MUD source code
Powder games: how do they work?
How to build a &quot;traffic AI&quot;?
Should I learn Direct3D 9, 10 or 11?
Complete Math Library for use in OpenGL ES 2.0 Game?
Is there a common word that encompasses handling of position, rotation, and scale together?
Wall Jump for 2D Platformer
What is a good university for computer science and game development?
Logging library for (c++) games
How is game development different from other software development?
Should I keep login server apart from game server?
Beat detection and FFT
Quad trees/grid based collision - putting logic into action
Python Performance vs Game Maker
Fastest way to draw quads in OpenGL ES?
What criteria should I have met before releasing a game?
Plot and Story design basics
Ledge grab and climb in Unity3D
XNA captures mouse clicks when the game doesn&#39;t have focus
Why do pixel shaders not let us read directly from the framebuffer or the depth buffer?
Math topics for 3D graphics programming
How to load 3D models into Java?
Real Time Dynamic Pathfinding?
Where can I go to find a game graphic artist?
Multiplayer HTML5, Node.js, Socket.IO
Textual descriptions of 8-bit and 16-bit game engines
How do game clients know that a server is running on their LAN?
Is nVidia&#39;s CUDA suited to performing pathfinding calculations?
XNA and C# vs the 360&#39;s in order processor
What can I use to make my unique music ideas a reality?
Resources of realistic water simulation?
How do you handle uneven tiles while rendering a tile map?
Procedural star field generator
Avoiding singleton pattern for Event Scheduler?
Heightmap, Voxel, Polygon (geometry) terrains
How can a game prevent people from running multiple instances of itself?
Should I learn 2d game development before 3d?
How to implement A.I. for checkers/draughts?
Is there a tool to help quickly define animation frames from non-uniform size sprite sheets?
Designing a ResourceManager class
When would I use &quot;scripts&quot; or &quot;scripting&quot; in a game, as opposed to the core language?
How can I make &quot;falling away&quot; 3D terrain like Animal Crossing?
Moving players into same square simultaneously?
How to rotate blocks in tetris
How should I track players&#39; real-time positions in an MMO?
Where do I begin if I want to write a C++ 2d game?
Is there a turn-based game service (like GKTurnBasedMatch on iOS) for desktops?
What does an engine like frostbite look like in the early early stages?
How do I implement a quaternion based camera?
How to implement an intelligent enemy in a shoot-em-up?
How many achievements should I include, and of what challenge?
A* navigational mesh path finding
How do I efficiently code both the client and server at the same time?
Organizing an entity system with external component managers?
How should I check if a player has completed an achievement?
How would I implement an endless road the player runs down?
What&#39;s the most efficient way to find barycentric coordinates?
Resolution Independence in libGDX
Ensure house map maze with lifts can be solved?
How should I account for the GC when building games with Unity?
Playtesting Own Game - How To Be Objective?
How do I determine the draw order in an isometric view flash game?
In a 2D platform game, how to ensure the player moves smoothly over sloping ground?
Data-driven animation states
How are &quot;2.5D&quot; art assets created?
Is it possible to construct a cube with fewer than 24 vertices
How do I make an on-screen HUD in libgdx?
How can I simulate limited AI vocabulary for a word game?
How should I handle tiny objects in a physics engine?
Technique for objects following each other in complete movement?
Should I distribute shaders in a compiled form or in plain text?
Do I lose/gain performance for discarding pixels even if I don&#39;t use depth testing?
Does the order of vertex buffer data when rendering indexed primitives matter?
How can I acheive a smooth 2D lighting effect?
Faster 2D Collision detection
Orthographic unit translation mismatch on grid (e.g. 64 pixels translates incorrectly)
Toon/cel shading with variable line width?
Demystifying &quot;chunked level of detail&quot;
Generated 3d tree meshes
Implementing a camera / viewport to a 2D game
What is a suitable input method to use for a 2D platformer on a touch device?
Game loop, how to check for conditions once, do something, then not do it again
Cast ray to select block in voxel game
What are the differences between a skybox and a skydome?
Resolving a collision with forces
How do I blend 2 lightmaps for day/night cycle in Unity?
Get ring of tiles in hexagon grid
What are normal, tangent and binormal vectors and how are they used?
Scrambling word into least recognizable form
How to blend two cameras when traveling through a portal in Unity3D
How do I elegantly teach players how to play?
How do I create a cel-shaded cartoon look?
What makes a game &quot;casual?&quot;
How to nerf something without the player community hating you?
Why does my game display the wrong &quot;required Android version&quot; on Google Play?
How can I simulate a limited (256) color palette in OpenGL?
What is the difference between Unity&#39;s Sprite and Texture2D classes?
How can I stop the player from drifting due to local input prediction when they stop?
How can I create a bomb explosion in Farseer that pushes nearby objects away?
Can an application break the graphics card?
How to implement fake 3D like distortion effects for a 2D side scrolling game?
Avoid double compression of resources
How to implement soft edge areas with particles
Does `yield return false;` have special meaning in Unity3d C# scripts?
How to make unit selection circles merge?
How can I create a large space background that repeats, in an unnoticeable way
How do I control which calculations are done on the CPU and which are done on the GPU?
Dungeon Generation with no corridors and room dependencies
What libraries do you use for developing games in Actionscript?
What do I need to develop for the Playstation 3?
How can I create my own sky maps?
Where can I find legal or business resources for a game production company?
Where should I host my flash games?
Network layer libraries
What is a good way to measure game virality?
XNA: Stream loading a HUGE 2D world map
What are the makings of a good Character
Managing a complex game storyline or quests system
How do I handle Isometric collision detection?
Multi-disciplined: Strength or Weakness?
Should I put a soundtrack behind my strategy game? Which games need music and sound
How can one compile Darwinia under Linux?
Clear reference implementations of MLAA?
In general how often and when should I optimize my code?
What&#39;s in a name?
Will a Game written using HTML5 work on smartphones?
How do I calculate rotation caused by bounce friction?
What is the best way to make a main menu system?
2D Level design/editing/saving questions
How can I tell how much video card memory I&#39;m using?
what can be done to improve the ultimate insane real time strategy game AI?
Scripting and Cinematics without Threading
Make Windows game appear in Games Explorer (Start Menu - Games)
HLSL Translucent Plastic Shader
Will the same Flash game business model work for HTML5 games?
Is SVG a viable technology choice for web-based game?
Game log format for MMO servers
AS3/Flash Game Dev: Looking for good &amp; current step by step
Will an XNA &quot;XBox 360 Project&quot; also work on Windows?
High Performance Vector Graphics Solutions
How can I make a collection of mini-games in XNA where the user can download packs of minigames and the main .exe can run them without being altered?
Best Way to Create A Map for a 2D Game?
Making (or emulating) a &quot;D-Pad&quot; on a touch-screen; virtual d-pad
Why is is so hard to develop a game console emulator?
Can I do server side programming with unity?
Independent game developer career advice
How do I disable texture filtering for sprite scaling in XNA 4.0?
Common way of animating &#39;motion&#39; for walk cycle animations
How much to pay for artwork in an indie game?
How can I implement Offline Skilling
Sounds to describe the weather?
Playing a Song causing WP7 to crash on phone, but not on emulator
What is the recommended library for using Lua from C++?
How to apply Data Oriented Design with Object Oriented Programming?
Styles of games that work at low-resolution
&quot;Optimal&quot; game loop for 2D side-scroller
How to implement turn-based game engine?
Is chess-like AI really inapplicable in turn-based strategy games?
Game Development In C Only. Is it possible?
2D non-tile based map editor
How do they keep track of the NPCs in Left 4 Dead?
How to implement an experience system?
How to store a shmup level?
Are high powered 3D game engines better at 2D games than engines made for 2D
Sprites as Actors
Why not show progress towards achievements/badges?
2D Rope Collision Detection
Implementing network smoothing
What research areas exist in game programming?
Programming the combat sequence in a role playing game
Curved movement between two points
Is it a waste to learn OpenGL?
RTS Game AI Thread
How is a 3d perlin noise function used to generate terrain?
Weighted Random Distribution
Is HTML5 and Canvas good for rapid prototyping of games?
Sorting array of points in clockwise order
Should an object in a 2D game render itself?
Online service and/or application to develop a story line for an adventure game
How could you parallelise a 2D boids simulation
2D tower defense - A bullet to an enemy
Heightmap-based Terrain with a Road
Programming a climbing system like tomb raider
Where to start for implementing vehicle physics?
Steam Submission Times
How to emulate PSX&#39;s graphics with OpenGL?
Best (Most Popular?) Image Format For Texturing
Collision resolution in case of collision with multiple objects
Detecting a sequence of nodes in a grid
Inheritance vs Composition
XNA: Questions regarding games architecture
2D game collision response: SAT &amp; minimum displacement along a given axis?
Why place entity config outside of scripts?
Calculating velocity needed to hit target in parabolic arc
Hide game data from player?
Making a HUD/GUI with OpenGL (LWJGL)
How can I assign entity IDs in a robust way in a network game?
Conundrum with quality and virus reports: is our game releasable?
How can I implement voxel-based lighting with occlusion in a Minecraft-style game?
What is a good way to store tilemap data?
Organising levels / rooms in a MUD-style text based world
Could I be going crazy with Event Handlers? Am I going the &quot;wrong way&quot; with my design?
How can I implement hexagonal tilemap picking in XNA?
How does Halo draw projectiles?
How to make a market test for the game?
How can I achieve glow effects similar to those in  WoW?
How to make money from creating a game for Windows?
How can I handle sprite sheets with nonuniform sprite dimensions?
Realistic metal shader
Why do people use quaternions?
How do I simulate a doppler effect in a game?
Biased, conservative random walk
What is the difference between a game director and game producer?
Design patterns for rules systems?
Why does the resolution of floating point numbers decrease further from an origin?
How can I create gradiented Fog of War?
Why are there lines in between my tiles?
How to Simulate Height in a Tiled Top-Down Game
What version of OpenGL should I code for, given compatibility and performance considerations?
Random numbers on C++
Procedural Mesh: UV mapping
Why did the old 3D games have &quot;jittery&quot; graphics?
Ignore collisions with some objects in certain contexts
Why is C/C++ preferred for game developers?
Fixed-Function vs Shaders: Which for beginner?
Best practices for communication between game designer and artist
Practical balance of &quot;chance&quot; video game mechanics
What platform were old TV video games developed on?
Fades in older games. Need some help figuring out how the algorithm was derived
Why are triangle fans not supported in Direct3D 10 or later?
How to code UI / HUD in Entity System?
Facilitating XNA game deployments for non programmers
How to decide how much to charge for development?
Why are trees shining in background?
tunnel effect cocos2d
Best practice for setting Effect parameters in XNA
How do I deal with the problems of a fast side-scroller?
Formula for three competing heroes, each has one they can beat and one they&#39;re beaten by
Are there tools for testing multiplayer code?
Speeding up procedural texture generation
How do I scale down pixel art?
OpenGL - white edges on cubes
Why is Y up in many Games?
Smooth Voxel Terrain
Fastest way to render lines with AA, varying thickness in DirectX
Strategic AI in turnbased games?
Game state and input handling in component-based entity systems
How to create plasma trail for spaceship
How can I replicate the color limitations of the NES with an HLSL pixel shader?
Releasing a game without really having an officially registered company
How to add a feel of depth?
Entity Component Systems with C++ - Accessing components
How can I stop Substance&#39;s runtime texture caching?
What caused &quot;falling out of the world&quot; and what fixed it?
Recreating this flat-shaded look
Accounting for waves when doing planar reflections
Should I be using spritesheets, because of or despite of my vast number of images?
What are the benefits of capping frames per second? (If any)
How do PC/Mac games detect piracy?
Camera for 2.5D Game
How to make natural-looking paths with A* on a grid?
How should I handle missing resources?
How does the Simple Stupid Funnel Algorithm work?
How do I create a World Healing Wave effect?
In platformer games, what are &quot;hole in the ground&quot; obstacles called?
What are easing functions?
Seamless tilemap rendering (borderless adjacent images)
Is a Gaussian blur a fairly accurate representation of soft shadow edges?
Player fatigue for tablets?
How can I use the graphics pipeline to render volumetric data based on a density function?
Efficient way to calculate &quot;vision cones&quot; on 2D tile map?
How do I tell if my enemy can see my player?
How could I constrain player movement to the surface of a 3D object using Unity?
What is &quot;convexity&quot; in the context of game design?
What&#39;s the fastest way checking if two moving AABBs intersect?
Looking for some insight on programming design for attacking and attack types in a game
How to go about getting hired by a game company
Domain-specific languages for scripting
How much extra power is required for a stereoscopic 3D game?
How can I get into the educational market?
Is there any Shaders Directory?
Fastest way to create a simple particle effect
How to client/server game using Google App Engine (Looking for tutorial.)
Vehicle physics with skid
Unit Testing a C#/XNA Game Project
GUI Elements - How to go about them?
Getting Started with 2d Game Dev (C++): DirectX or OpenGL?
What are good solutions for serialization in C++?
Open-source 3D models easily usable in OGRE3D/jMonkeyEngine
game state saving/loading?
LOD in modern games
Are there cases where globals/singletons are useful in game development?
Finding other programmers to help on a project
Pretty open source game/rendering engine?
Keyboard input system handling
What are the other three &quot;game dynamics&quot;?
Is there an XNA-like library for Java?
Do higher-level &#39;Pure AI&#39; concepts (such as Neural-Nets or Genetic Algos) ever get implemented successfully in commercial games?
Recommend a game engine with 2D GUI for a UI-intensive strategy game
Tips for creating great game trailers
Scene Graph in Separate Thread
Persistent Browser Based Game: To Captcha or not to Captcha?
Custom Content Package for Files
How different is Java for JRE vs Java for Android?
Is Deferred Rendering The Future?
Register Game Object Components in Game Subsystems? (Component-based Game Object design)
How can I get the palette of an 8-bit surface in SDL.NET/Tao.SDL?
Does anyone write games in Delphi?
What are effective strategies for a small game development team?
Game engine with good Lua entity creation/management
What are the networking possibilities with XNA and Xbox 360?
Optimizing a mesh for voxel cube landscapes
Where can I find some &quot;must see&quot; game development portfolios?
Love2D engine for Lua; What about 3D?
Data Structures for Logic Games / Deduction Rules / Sufficient Set of Clues?
When should I use a physics engine?
What should audio programmers know?
Can Achievement systems be implemented later in development?
Turn-based board game server references?
Tile sizes in 2D games
Why do consoles have so little memory compared to classic computers?
What is the difference between OpenGL 1.x and 2.x?
Are any 3D-design skills required for game development?
How to get the blocks seen by the player?
Separating physics and game logic from UI code
How were art assets created in the late 16-bit/early 32-bit era?
What&#39;s the best Python 3D engine?
Good practices in screen states management?
Good Tutorial For Lua and L&#214;VE
Low coupling and tight cohesion
How can I convert a mouse click to a ray?
What was the game project that felt like &quot;YOUR&quot; game?
What are the app file size limitations for different smartphone OSes &amp; carriers?
Improving Processes in One-Man GameDev Shops
Trying to understand light on Opengl, how to simulate a realistic sun light?
Resources to help study of Quake 3 engine
XNA Adding Craters (via GPU) with a &quot;Burn&quot; Effect
Why has it become commonplace for NPCs to have one weapon per class instead of variants?
What is Minecraft&#39;s database?
Advice needed for a physics engine
Animated examples of different interpolations formulas: any link?
How on earth do you get decent color out of 2BPP?
How to handle mouse input in XNA?
Gravity strength in first person games
Physics engine recommendation which can simulate pool game correctly?
What good books are there on level design?
How does an HLSL shader actually end up affecting the render output?
Do any games have this type of mechanic?
OpenGL ES 2.0: Repository of Quality Shaders
Moving an Object along a Curve while Rotating it
Semi-fixed or Fully-fixed timestep?
Midpoint Displacement Algorithm
What is the difference between a bonus and a power-up?
Working with lots of cubes. Improving performance?
Multiplayer FPS server side performance
How do you make money from html5 games (i.e sponsorships)?
Draw real time fog of war in 2d game
How to gain accurate results with Painter&#39;s algorithm?
In a GUI, should input be handled when the button is pressed or released?
2d top-down map: normalisation or not?
How can you meaningfully market test microtransactions?
Logic behind a bejeweled-like game
Is there a good way to get pixel-perfect collision detection in XNA?
How to implement time traveling into a game?
I want to get rid of my make-everything-static-and-global design pattern, but how?
Are there any frameworks that allow me to write games in C# on Linux?
Is there an alternative to decals that will let me put bullet holes on a complicated object?
Learning OpenGL: Red and Blue book still relevant?
Quaternions and rotation around world axis
How to create a reasonable AI?
How to get object to lose less velocity as its speed increases
How does UVW texture mapping work?
Which data structure should be used to represent voxel terrain?
How forcefully should a single-player engine reject invalid data?
how to check if a gameserver can handle clients before game release?
How is software rendering done?
Export Blender 2.59 models with animations to XNA 4
How does pixeljunk shooter simulate its liquids?
Are the Minecraft animations hardcoded into the game?
How do I create an installer for my XNA demo?
Is this the right architecture for our MMORPG mobile game?
What are some current techniques for rendering deformable landscapes?
How do I find a point on a line?
How can I get started making textures for 3D games?
How can I create an efficient bloom shader with GLSL?
Does Apple currently accept iPhone apps with embedded Lua?
How can I make OpenGL textures scale without becoming blurry?
Best solution for multiplayer realtime Android game
Fastest way to group units that can see each other?
How do I get AI Agents to move along a curve?
HTML5 mobile game development vs. native game apps
Dynamic model interactions
How to deal with arbitrarily large images in 2D games?
Should I write my own physics engine, because of networking integration?
Why do computer games differ so much in size?
how should i develop my android game efficiently?
How can I implement a &quot;fast-forward&quot; feature in my game?
How to continuously find all entities within a radius efficiently?
Am I allowed to make my Minecraft clone open source?
How can I define a complex collision area on top of a tile map?
To canvas, or not to canvas, when building browser-based games?
What to consider legally when cloning an old game?
How to fight against memory editing cheat software?
Projective texture and deferred lighting
How do 2D art assets (eg. sprites) work?
How do they made Pok&#233;mon games so flawlessly balanced?
Keyboard shortcuts in RTS game
Giving a Bomberman AI intelligent bomb placement
Multiple Kickstarter campaigns. Good? Bad? Ugly?
How do I show an interviewer that I have past experience?
How should I unbind and delete OpenAL buffers?
What is the best way to exploit multicores when making multithread games?
Does Unity have existing support for Timelines?
How can I generate a texture that looks like left-over tea leaves?
Calculate random points (pixel) within a circle (image)
How can I draw an arrow at the edge of the screen pointing to an object that is off screen?
What is an achievable way of setting content budgets (e.g. polygon count) for level content in a 3D title?
What does Skyrim Creation Kit&#39;s NPC class do?
How do I fairly distribute resources among factories when resources are near exhausted?
How to implement trading card game&#39;s &quot;special effects cards&quot;?
Is Gresham&#39;s Law relevant for modern online games that allow the use of real money as additional currency?
Ball Physics : Smoothing the final bounces as the ball comes to rest
Stress testing a game server without users?
Circular class dependency
Coding different states in Adventure Games
Synchronization between game logic thread and rendering thread
What are the advantages of tangent space normals over object space normals?
What OpenGL version(s) to learn and/or use?
How smartly implement scripting in game
What was game development on the Apple II like?
What is &quot;streamlined&quot; user interface?
Composition heavy OOP vs pure entity component systems?
Rendering Unity across multiple monitors
The reasons behind Unity3D engine design (game object/transform component)
As an indie game dev, what processes are the best for soliciting feedback on my design/spec/idea?
Algorithm to shoot at a target in a 3d game
What should I worry about when changing OpenGL origin to upper left of screen?
Are the first three values that describe a 3D plane actually a 3D vector?
Little and big endianness in games
Information about rendering, batches, the graphical card, performance etc. + XNA?
How to code Time Stop or Bullet Time in a game?
How can I generate a navigation mesh for a tile grid?
$0.99 or Free with Virtual goods - Revenue Model for mobile games
Arbitrary Rotation about a Sphere
How can I cleanly and elegantly handle data and dependancies between classes
How do I calculate distance from a point to a rectangle?
Breathing for game/movie characters
Should I finish high school or teach myself?
How to implement buffs / debuffs / temporary stat changes in an RPG?
Sound effects system design
How well do functional languages perform on Android?
Run XNA game without graphics
How do I create multiple 2D spotlights?
How to achieve light that changes color mid-way?
Did old games like Golden Axe or Street or Rage use tilemaps?
Converting a 2D curve into points for data storage
Ghost replay - storage and timing
League of Legends Spectator Stream Format
Max texture size Android : which settings for 2048x2048?
Why is forward=down mouse orientation commonly called &quot;inverted&quot;?
OpenGL: why do I have to set a normal with glNormal?
Algorithm to see if two voxels are interconnected
How do I prevent XNA from pausing Updates while the window is being resized/moved?
Implementing a homing missile
Pathfinding on a uneven planetary surface
When and why is a Pool class needed to hold objects?
Is there a way to prevent users from adjusting their gamma correction to &#39;cheat&#39; their way out of a &#39;dark&#39; area?
Game Engine Design â€“ Ubershader - Shader management design
Auto-organized / smart inventory system?
What&#39;s the difference between a &quot;Gameplay Programmer&quot; and a &quot;Gameplay Engineer?&quot;
I know that my super simple multiplayer setup is probably not a good idea, but why?
Creating Rope Physics for Unity
How to determine range of possible movement in turn-based, distance-based strategy game?
XNA 2d Camera Scrolling - why use matrix transform?
Are there any pathfinding algorithms that would handle different movement types?
Monogame minimum hardware requirements?
How to implement a shotgun in a game?
How to divide hex grid evenly among n players?
Can Unity 2D be used to make pixel-art games?
How can I randomly generate 2D tile-based side-scroller terrain?
How do you draw a straight line between two points in a bitmap?
How do some mobile games scale graphics so beautifully?
How many active shaders at one frame in the game (should I typically use)? 5? Or more like 100?
Axis Aligned Spatial Division : Divide space into random rectangles?
How can I find the valid words in a grid of characters?
Side scroller terrain generating and scrolling
What are the reasons for MMOs to have level caps?
How can I run on multiple platforms using a custom engine?
Game upgrade launch : Cross-platform release timing
How do I design very difficult games?
Rotate object around fixed axis
How does one perform collision detection on objects made of many small triangles?
Gesture Recognition Strategies
How do I make complex AI manageable?
What Version-control systems work best with games?
API agnostic bridges (ie. OpenGL/D3D/Whatever). Do you use them, how you make them. Pro&#39;s and Con&#39;s
Do any 3d engines natively import Google Sketchup models
Make pygame&#39;s frame rate faster
Graphic Engine/Programming/Etc resources?
Cross platform low level graphic API
Why aren&#39;t more games 64-bit executables?
Is there a way to make money from indie downloadable games?
Rendering performance for Flash games
What makes aiming in a console first person shooter feel good?
Which is the best approach to make a 2D character to be able to use tons of different equipments when in action?
Box2D Get Bounding Box of a Body
How to have a successful beta test with a small team?
Should beginning/indie game developers target multiple platforms initially?
ESRB rating my game?
Best solution for &quot;level string&quot;?
Where can I post job listings or browse through resumes?
Has anyone used MonoTouch for a game?
Why is the &quot;bind pose&quot; one with outstretched arms?
2D Game dev and Java. Other possibilities than OpenGL?
What has your experience been with Torque products?
What technology should I use for a web-based game?
Balancing game difficulty against player progression
How do you decide when your feature list is long enough?
What technical questions do you need to be prepared to answer before presenting an idea to venture capitalists?
Does using an licensed game engine prevent you from open sourcing a defunct work?
How can I compute the shortest path in Euclidean environments with non-convex polygons?
Making a character move along a curved slope in a World with gravity
How do I make NPC pathfinding look believable?
Should the color of a texture be adjusted for display on a television?
What ad provider/network do you use when placing ads in your games?
Keeping Android Screen bright during Game
Number of Impressions on Admob for revenue
How much does it cost to produce a major video game?
What should a game have in order to keep humans playing it?
How to avoid self-intersection when applying stroke to a curve?
Tools for developing C64 Games
Legality of using names in a game?
Interpolating positions in a multiplayer game
Examples of TIN-based terrain formats in FPS games
Longest path algorithm for roguelike maze generation
How to model multiple &quot;uses&quot; (e.g. weapon) for usable-inventory/object/items (e.g. katana) within a relational database
How do you design a record/replay system for a frequently changing game?
Use of Collections in Android Game Development is not encouraged?
Unity on Facebook?
In-Game Level Design with XNA?
Reduce the number of edges of a graph, keeping it connected
Algorithm for determining random events
&#39;Zoning&#39; up areas on a large tile map, as well as dungeons
Is there a gold standard for touch controls in scrolling shoot-em-ups?
Tools for game script / storyboard
How do I create user-friendly, unique game IDs?
Procedural terrains in 3D: what has been done ? Are there common algo and/or theories about it?
2D platformers: why make the physics dependent on the framerate?
RTS on a 3D map e.g. a globe
Using idle time in turn-based (RPG) games for updating
How Do I Do Alpha Transparency Properly In XNA 4.0?
Any ad network for XNA games on the PC platform?
How do I tackle top down RPG movement?
Preferred way to render text in OpenGL
How to manage dependencies between tile map and units
Is there an algorithm for a pool game?
Efficient skeletal animation
Triangulation A* (TA*) pathfinding algorithm
Missing features from WebGL and OpenGL ES
Implementing match-making &amp; community system for multiplayer games
Seperation of drawing and logic in games
Drawing large 2D sidescroller level terrain
How do I ensure an appropriate payout ratio for a slot machine?
Moving around/avoiding obstacles
What are the fundamentals of game development?
How do I move from mainstream to indie development?
Physics-perfect (or somewhere near) 3d sound engine
How to build a bones animation engine?
Game engine design: Multiplayer and listen servers
How do I generate terrain like that of Scorched Earth?
How much memory usage is too much in a Flash game?
Game mechanics patterns database?
To sell or give for free
What&#39;s a good 2D game engine or framework to work on right now?
How detailed and/or complete is/are your game design documents before starting a project?
Is it a bad idea to have Game1 static in XNA?
How to fix bad Collada produced by FBX?
OpenGL ES 2.0 Point Sprites Size
Megatexturing : Evolution from Quake Wars to Rage
How do I replicate the warp effect from Geometry Wars?
when to use vertex array and when to use vbo
What makes a game a game vs something else like a puzzle or a toy?
Can I call c functions within the XNA framework?
How does the 3G network assign IP to smartphones?
Writing Game Engine from scratch with OpenGL
Skybox texture artifact on edge
Simple Terrain Rendering
Power, achievement and affiliation games for psychology research project
How to use multi-thread OpenGL application to update VBO and use it at the same time?
Dual paraboloid point light shadows in deferred lighting setup
Nested input in an event-driven system
Variable height jumping in side scrollers
How do I generate projectiles toward the mouse pointer?
Ultimate beginner&#39;s tutorial to 3d game dev using XNA Framework?
Angle of Reflection
Do any of the current gen console or handheld compilers support C++11?
Drawing particles as a smooth blob
Are there well-known algorithms for fitting a polygon to an arbitrary shape?
How relevant is PHP today for browser games?
Should the engine for an eventual web-based game start as a web-service?
Is there a way of using XNA+Xbox 360 with the current generation of 3D televisions?
Where to hire 2D sprite artists?
What are some great and useful resources for an Isometric game built on the XNA Framework?
How do I get beautiful small text in XNA without using external libraries?
Quadtree terrain splitting - I don&#39;t get it
To scene graph or not to scene graph?
Enum Vs. Integer for Skill Values
Dynamic audio score/music
What should I keep in mind while developing a game for Steam?
What are some good jquery/javascript game engines?
Finding asset files in Linux games
Random map generation - strategies for scattering/clustering random nodes
How do you make Minecraft mods?
Algorithm for a tool to theorycraft stats based on a game(league of legends)
Correct way to abstract an XBox Controller
Should scripts interact with an abstraction of the engine?
How does Trine&#39;s lighting look so spectacular?
How would one determine the length of a path?
Situational awareness in path finding
Would a Python game run on multiple platforms?
What is a good method to randomly generate edges between graph nodes?
Animation in OpenGL using 3D Models
Is it wrong to transmit information about a user&#39;s machine to my own servers without informing the user?
Should I consider a graduate degree in game development?
How to properly handle collision in a component-based game?
Is there a pattern for writing a turn-based server communicating with n clients over sockets?
Evolving a Terrain Generator
Where will my character stop?
Getting rid of dead objects in a game effectively?
Does using Creative Common data in a GPL game mean the code must be CC-BY-SA?
How can I rotate about an arbitrary point in 3D (instead of the origin)?
How do fluid dynamics work?
Is SharpDX mature enough to adopt yet or should I just start using SlimDX right now?
Where can I read about techniques used in NES-era games?
Continuous Physics Engine&#39;s Collision Detection Techniques
Accessibility of games, how is important for you?
Rendering characters, with cut off limbs (Blender models in Java/OpenGL)
Exporting Blender bones
Is precomputed pathfinding still relevant?
How can I bend an object in OpenGL?
Go pure OpenGL or GLSL?
Player moving up, is he jumping or climbing?
How do I create good looking plasma explosion effects?
Can I achieve a torchlight effect (lighter area around a light source) in a 2D game?
2D helicopter game, how to create corridor walls?
How should I handling clipping vertices that are closer to the eye than the near clip plane?
Is showing a collision in slow motion computationally relaxing?
How to organize a game engine in C++? Is my use of inheritance a good idea?
Drawing a one pixel wide line in 3D space
What is a fair price to pay for music licensing for a commercial game?
Developing for iOS on Linux
Handling scripted and &quot;native&quot; components in a component-based entity system
Good way to play a sound when something happens? How does this sound?
Dual Currency vs. One Currency in social games economics and monetization
Which approach is better: Frequent small updates, or occasional large ones?
How can I tactfully ask users to help support my free game?
How to get into video game writing?
Custom allocators used in game development
Screen space to world space
Collision rectangle response
How to properly implement alpha blending in a complex 3D scene?
Dirty 2D map rendering
Do I need to implement IPv6 support for my game?
How can I make video games if I don&#39;t like programming?
Is knowledge of hacking mechanisms required for an MMO?
Efficient path-finding in free space
Prevent players from wallhacking in an online FPS?
Unity Occlusion Portals: What and How?
Word list for use in commercial game
How do I implement group formations in a 3D RTS?
Prototyping a puzzle game for solvability of levels
What are the downsides of only explicitly informing the player of *success*?
Promoting a Browser Game?
Why are the &quot;professional&quot; versions of console SDKs closed to the public?
Selling Android apps from Android-Market-unsupported countries
Where can I pay artists to make models for my game?
What legal matters do I need to consider when releasing an MMO?
Circular motion on low powered hardware
Casual gamer age distribution
Why is it a bad idea to store methods in Entities and Components? (Along with some other Entity System questions.)
How to simulate pressure with particles?
Special relativity shader in GLSL
What is the difference between an impulse and a force related to a physics engine?
OpenGL: VBO or glBegin() + glEnd()?
What file types should I exclude from my game&#39;s source control repository?
GLSL, all in one or many shader programs?
Why the clip space in OpenGL has 4 dimensions?
Visual Studio 2012 and Game Development
What forms of non-interactive RPG battle systems exist?
How can I easily create cloud texture maps?
Unit Testing at Unity3D
How could you model &quot;scent trails&quot; in a game?
Do you need expensive servers and fancy hosting in order to make a multiplayer game?
How to do the Geometry Wars gravity well effect
How to limit click&#39;n&#39;drag movement to an area?
Now that Device Central is dead, how can I test my Flash Lite applications?
Finding shapes in 2D Array, then optimising
Is there any relation between Game Theory and Game Development?
How does 20Q work internally?
How can I use multiple meshes per entity without breaking one component of a single type per entity?
What programming language were PS1 games written in?
How can I store spell &amp; items using a std::vector implementation?
Legal considerations when starting a game development team
Good resources for learning about graphics hardware
What animation technique is used in &#39;Dont Starve&#39;?
Finding shortest path on a hexagonal grid
Showing range on hexagonal grid
Texturing an asteroid
How to create 2D shadows
Portable buffered keyboard input for XNA / MonoGame?
Run a physics simulation on both client and server?
EXTREMELY Confused Over &quot;Constant Game Speed Maximum FPS&quot; Game Loop
OpenGL: Resizing Display and glOrtho/glViewport
Blender - baking normal map - weird colors
Managing graphic state and components?
How to implement collision detection of portals?
What problems could occur if you make use of both the Monogame API and the underlying graphics API?
How to reduce image size without pixelation?
Modern shadow rendering techniques?
Is GNU GCC used for AAA games?
What&#39;s a good alternative to colored tiles to account for color blindness?
Can I use a certain song in my credits as long as I credit the original author?
How does normal mapping really work?
What&#39;s the process for making a PS4 game?
How do I make good guy attacks only hit bad guys and vice versa?
How to make sure a game can be completed
How to know if the player is signed in?
Input management techniques in large games
How do I make something I flash/blink more frequently as it gets closer to disappearing?
World Bounds - (0, Size) or (-HalfSize, HalfSize)?
Can I use Playstation controller button icons in my game?
Assigning tasks
How should I model an economy-based game in code?
How to determine if a 3D voxel-based room is sealed, efficiently
Where can I find real-world map data for a game?
Shooting the bullet out of the gun instead of the camera, yet keeping it accurate with respect to the reticle
Why do modern games not feature extra lives?
How do I make a curved surface out of rectangular blocks?
Poor performance in android when running APK, runs fine in browser
Refractive glass shader
2D collision detection
Why is custom memory management needed for assets?
What are the benefits of using an entity ID system?
Does Unity own my game?
What technical specifications should be set out for music?
Extrapolation breaks collision detection
How can I make permanent death in a MUD seem acceptable and fair to players?
Rendering only a part of the screen in high detail
Graphics programming replicating the transition from Chrono Trigger inside the gate
Is C# different in Unity?
What kind of steering behaviour or logic can I use to get mobiles to surround another?
Unity new UI - Dynamically change the functions called by GUI elements
Cache misses and usability in Entity Systems
Should I have multiple small textures or a single big one?
Do Game Objects which lay outside camera view consume computer/mobile resources in Unity?
Storing game state at exit on the iPhone with Objective-C
Design Document Contents
How can I implement a command system for a point-and-click style adventure game?
Why does Farseer 2.x store temporaries as members and not on the stack? (.NET)
XNA: How does threading work?
Methods for character design
What is &quot;ROAM&quot; related to terrain rendering?
Same game logic on two seperate graphics libraries
What role does developing with events have in games?
Best way to test simple cases in games
Locate the shortest path through obstacles when all normal paths are blocked
Using The Box2D Polygon &quot;Set()&quot; function?
Finding unoccluded tiles in tile-based game
Networking Pong Clone
Slow performance on an A* implementation in a tower defense game
Handling keyboard and mouse input (Win API)
How to prepare for a game development competition?
Good example of a multi-pass effect?
What are the most common splines you will find in game development?
Properties of good RTS level design?
What is the name of the AI/algorithm used by most MMOs for monsters or mobs?
Splitting profit - Equal share vs equity investment (work &amp; money spent = share)
Agency versus story
Throwing Exceptions in C++ game DLL&#39;s? Pros and Cons
What&#39;s the most efficient way to find the intersection point of a missile and a bitmap terrain?
Should the content pipeline tools be embedded in the engine?
Premultiplied alpha, yea or nay?
Style/technique to focus on for creating visual art assets efficiently
Where can I find resouces for developing an &quot;Intro to Game Development&quot; class at a Community College?
Is Google App Engine a good platform for an online MMO?
FPS Collision detection and movement
How to make the player slide smoothly against terrain
Scripting engine for XNA
Rendering arbitrary text in XNA using Windows API?
Zune same features as WP7? (gesture, accelerometer)
What are the common character animation techniques used in tile based hack&amp;slash games?
How do I implement deceleration?
Very slow direct3D texture sampling
Can you record raw sound data in XNA?
Using &quot;friend&quot; classes in game development
Shadow Mapping and Transparent Quads
Designing rules to fight smallpox in Civ-style TBS games
How to create the &quot;drunk camera&quot; effect in GTA 4?
AAA Games and OpenGL?
What pattern is this, and should I do it?
How to implement 2d explosions that will cause damage taking into account covers and distance?
Where to find designers for independent projects?
How did they make the screen move in Dangerous Dave?
Lighting in a Minecraftian World
Android: Angry Birds Scaling
Who know how to implement the 2D bone animation showed in the game?
How should I implement units&#39; enemy &quot;awareness&quot;?
Easing Functions
Is it a good idea to simplify a character-driven game engine to the point where it&#39;s unnecessary to learn scripting/programming?
Generating grammatically correct MUD-style attack descriptions
Are there any good screencasts for learning Blender?
Outsourcing Artwork: Hourly or Per-Project?
OpenGL&#39;s matrix stack vs Hand multiplying
How can I implement a third-person camera in an SC2 map?
Mods for Minecraft Server - how does it work?
Enemy movement in straight line to player in chase game
What&#39;s the best server architecture for real-time games?
What are typical job interview questions related to game development?
Creating Entity as an aggregation
TRON: Game A.I algorithm?
Scene Graph for Deferred Rendering Engine
How should I replan A*?
Tips for building an AI for a 2D racing game
Open Source AI Bot interfaces
Comparison between Cocos2d and Corona
How to implement mouselook in the browser?
Unity Android versus android SDK
Distributed C++ game server which use database
Simulating an object floating on water
How do I use depth testing and texture transparency together in my 2.5D world?
Calculating the &quot;power&quot; of a player in a &quot;Defend Your Castle&quot; type game
Rendering Resolution Independent Text
Is there a good reason I shouldn&#39;t use a java applet for a game?
What is the difference between a level designer and an environment artist?
How do 3d game engines render 3d environments to 2d screen?
MMO techniques, algorithms and resources for keeping bandwidth low?
Moving from DirectX 10 to DirectX 11
Camera Control Techniques in Games
Sprite sheet or multiple resources
Half-Life 2 BSP Lightmaps
Data Structure to Represent Connections Between Countries on a Map
Is Xbox Live suitable for a multiplayer FPS?
The need your game fills. Establishing your &quot;hook.&quot;
What exactly causes a surface to overlap another?
Adding air drag to a golf ball trajectory equation
How to use XML files as content files in XNA?
Generating a town layout in a grid
Does it require any license to use a real city landscape in a car racing game?
How to create a realistic 2D Role-Playing game collision detection?
Is it a good idea to develop non-trivial 2d game in python?
Other games that employ mechanics like the game &quot;Diplomacy&quot;
What are some good books which detail the fundamentals of graphics processing?
How to bundle a HTML5 JavaScript game as native Windows application?
Why XNA is not considered a game engine?
Online multiplayer game basics
Great realtime shader tool?
X, Y, Z coordinate standards?
Where to hire a scenario writer for a small interactive story game?
What do you look for in a scripting language?
Projectile Motion - Arrow
Prototype experience: Unity3D vs UDK
Best way to manage in-game events?
Can I use quaternions to control an helicopter?
What to focus on in developing a game demo for an interview?
What is involved in creating a real-time multiplayer platformer game?
How to calculate falling and accelerating velocity?
How can I incorporate physics into a procedurally generated world from a geometry shader?
Most common 3D model format for opengl
Video playback in Unity
2D Spatial partitioning alternatives to spatial hashes and quadtrees
Common pattern to scale &quot;real units&quot; to pixels?
Should I give each character its own VBO or should I batch them into a single VBO?
How should I pay people who work on my game development project?
How do I make a resolution independent system?
Solving maze without return ability
How can I measure the &quot;creative/entertainment value&quot; of video-game requirements?
If you are a solo programmer, how do you manage the graphics artistry part?
Component entity system - Updates and call orders
Efficient Method of Rendering Massive Terrain in XNA
C++ Model loading API?
What are the best ways to serialize and unserialize network messages for C/C++ multiplayer game?
Compressing game save data
Networking in real-time strategy games
Blend Modes in Cocos2D with glBlendFunc
What&#39;s a good Open Source game to learn from?
differences between opengl 3 and opengl 4
What are the disadvantages of marking every edge as a seam when unwrapping a mesh?
DirectX11, how do I manage and update multiple shader constant buffers?
Is it worth supporting iOS 3.x or iPhone 3G devices anymore when developing a game?
Looking for a royalty free sci-fi sounding song thats 1:00+ long, and costs &lt;= $5
Wave ripple effect?
What should I be considering when designing an Event Manager System?
Circle-Line Collision Detection Problem
Get position of point on circumference of circle, given an angle?
How to handle multiplayer in JavaScript?
What technique should I use to facilitate communication between XNA GameComponents (or between components of any type in a game)?
How do I linearly interpolate between two vectors?
What&#39;s the difference between XNA Game Services and glorified global variables?
How can I create a &quot;night sky&quot; effect in OpenGL?
How to separate colliding objects without creating more collisions
Am I on the right track with this component architecture?
How often to update a Game Client about the World?
OpenGL/GLSL: Render to cube map?
How are games created for different platforms?
HTML5 or Javascript game engine to develop a browser game
Deforming surfaces
Calculating missile trajectory around orbits before shooting
How do I prevent identity spoofing in a multiplayer game?
How can I orbit a camera about it&#39;s target point?
What kind of environment is expected in elevated, hot areas?
How do you do AI path following within a 2d physics engine like farseer/box2d?
How do you calculate if 2 lines are facing toward or away?
.PNG tiles to .PNG map
How can I include vertex color information in .OBJ files?
Can packet latency fluctuate?
How to make a world-to-player inventory system?
How can I test if a point lies between two parallel lines?
What are the pros and cons of Lua vs. Python as a scripting language for XNA/C# platform?
2D character controller in unity (trying to get old-school platformers back)
Why does V8 not run with SDL threads?
How do I generate a 3D race track from a spline?
Implementing behavior in a simple adventure game
45&#176; Slopes in a Tile based 2D platformer
How to represent cliff faces in terrain?
Increasing the probability for similar tiles to generate next to each other
C# creating a simple snake game
Is it worthwhile to use particle pools in managed languages?
Deferred shading - how to combine multiple lights?
How to play animations in Cocos2d-x?
Authentication for a multiplayer game via sockets
Physics engine that can handle multiple attractors?
Is there any advantage in using  DX10/11 for a 2D game?
Efficient solution for multiplayer space partioning?
Using XNA ContentPipeline to export a file in a machine without full XNA GS
Bomberman clone, how to do bombs?
Implementing invisible bones
Desura sales experiences
Is there a (family of) monotonically non-decreasing noise function(s)?
How to add a sound that an enemy AI can hear?
How to keep a data structure synchronized over a network?
How to create a &quot;retro&quot; pixel shader for transformed 2D sprites that maintains pixel fidelity?
How should I parse user input in a text adventure game?
How to achieve uniform speed of movement on a bezier curve?
What would be a good filter to create &#39;magnetic deformers&#39; from a depth map?
Isometric Collision Detection
Essentials for building a RTS
How to create tilted (height) isometric tiles
Pixel-perfect rendering to a rendertarget with a fullscreen quad
How to pathfind over an obstacle?
Time reverse mechanism in games
Circle inside circle collision
Sorting objects before rendering
Fitting Android game to different screen sizes
Handle many lights in a scene (with shaders)
How many textures can usually I bind at once?
What is the kd tree intersection logic?
How to deal with animated doors in isometric tiles
Bejewelled Next Best jewel selection
How to structure game states in an entity/component-based system
How to move an object along a circumference of another object?
Road / river generation on 2d grid map
Why aren&#39;t tangent space normal maps completely blue?
Entity Component System based engine
What is the best way to handle simultaneous collisions in a physics engine?
Running both the server and the client within the same process
Random number hlsl
What is the technical definition of &quot;sprite batching?&quot;
XNA stuttering at regular intervals
Javascript and PHP for real-time multiplayer?
Simulating Game Apples - Can&#39;t get it to work
Debugging Shader Code?
Why has the industry switched from C to C++?
Component-based design: handling objects interaction
Xbox thumbstick used to rotate sprite, basic formula makes it &quot;stick&quot; or feel &quot;sticky&quot; at 90 degree intervals! How do you get smooth rotation?
LibGDX - Check if currently on Android/Desktop
sprite animation in openGL
Pattern for performing game actions
Server-side Input
Fast, accurate 2d collision
How do I protect sending scores from HTML5 games to my server
Having a list of rooms with theirs connection to each other, how do I find isolated room groups?
SDL blitting multiple surfaces at once
How do dialog trees work?
How do I sync client and server when sending player speed changes?
State changes in entities or components
Boat passing under a bridge in a 2D tile based RTS
Android real time multiplayer over LAN
Estimating costs in a GOAP system
Avoid if statements in DirectX 10 shaders?
C#/XNA get hardware mouse position
Impulsioned jumping
Interpolating between two networked states?
Is there any game engine using a functional programming language?
Mesh manipulation on GPU vs CPU
How to handle materials in an Entity/Component system
How to handle entity path-finding and movement in a large networked world?
How can I make a character walk on uneven walls in a 2D platformer?
Why are some games using some dithering pattern instead of traditional alpha for transparency?
How do I visualize parallax layers in a level editor?
Getting a 2D &quot;pixel&quot; cloud to follow a mouse
Deferred decals normal problem
Outline sprites
Are there still advantages to using gl_quads?
What should I do about legal considerations for an indie game?
What is Ramp Shading or Lighting?
Is there a way to make a dynamic world such as a MMORPG horizontally scalable?
How do I load graphical resources asynchronously?
Using Editline for an in-game console
Minimax for Bomberman
What type of legal entity do I need for my game company?
Algorithm for optimising a match game with known queue
How to avoid being throttled?
Generate equal regions in a hex map
What are the pros and cons of skill trees versus skill lists in RPGs?
Engine Rendering pipeline : Making shaders generic
How can I set my application to run on the High performance GPU by default?
How do I flatten terrain under a game object?
How do I implement 2D shadows cast between layers?
Grouping entities of the same component template to linear containers
Object of arrays or array of objects?
How do I simulate a swinging pendulum?
Generating terrain on GPU
OpenGL get the outline of multiple overlapping objects
What is data-driven design?
How can I find the largest sphere that fits inside a frustum?
Novice Mobile Game Developers | Publishing on our own or Publisher?
UK Indie studio registration
Multiplayer platformer - Are server corrections normally required with a single client on the server?
Efficiently separating Read/Compute/Write steps for concurrent processing of entities in Entity/Component systems
Large vertex buffer vs multiple draw calls
Entity/Component System and UI &quot;Entities&quot;
Flexible alternatives to many many small polymorphic classes (for use as properties or messages or events) C++
Demo (and real game) Protection
What makes game sound effects &quot;good&quot;?
Falling Blocks and complex shapes
How to change Gravity towards certain object in Unity?
Fast lighting with multiple lights
UDP non blocking or a seperate thread for receiving
How to benefit from cpu cache in a entity component system game engine?
How can I &quot;stick&quot; objects to tables in Skyrim and still allow those objects to be player-interactable?
Deferred tiled shading, tile frusta calculation in OpenGL
How can I create a glitter effect?
Is multitexturing really just &quot;using more than one texture&quot;?
What do gameplay programmers do?
Make the player run onto stairs smoothly
Dynamic thruster balancing of space ship
How should I handle sound in a split-screen game?
In OpenGL, what is &quot;zero state&quot; rendering?
How would a game-state snapshot system be implemented for networked real-time games?
How do I render my 3D game in ASCII art?
Why is it Important to have render targets with the same bit size?
How to handle realtime random movement with client side prediction
How to make natural looking voxel
What are the best iPhone game development resources?
Is the XNA framework appropriate for server side programming?
Cocos2D collision detection against a random shape
What is a good method for coloring textures based on a palette in XNA?
Networking in Flash games. Socket or Stratus?
How to structure a simple game server for a multiplayer game?
What happens in pre production of a game?
As an Android dev, what should I keep in mind for porting to iPhone?
What continuous integration technology is used for games?
Large FPS vs consistent FPS
Display a Message Box over a Full Screen DirectX application
Finding testers
How can non-indie devs stop reinventing the wheel?
Forces on a wire in a 2D environment? (Physics)
Scaling HUD with variable resolution
Why use asset manifest files?
Anti-Cheat for MMOs issues and solutions?
How do game developers target multiple platforms (Xbox 360, PS3, PC and Linux)?
What type of dashboard should I create to understand how my game is performing?
Is gameswf usable?
How a 3D game map is stored and handled
PacMan character AI suggestions for optimal next direction
Which server platform to choose
Game Engine framework or library
Should independent game developers outsource?
How can I get voice recognition features into the Unity Game Engine?
SoA Vectors on SPU
Frustum Culling with VBOs
Graphics for non-Graphics Designers
What&#39;s a good data structure solution for a scene manager in XNA?
Connecting physics simulations with different coordinate-systems
How to create an endless scrolling background?
What are the hot dev positions in game industry?
Android differences (Dalvik+Java vs Old School C++)
How does one separate the acceleration due to gravity from other motion in accelerometer input?
Do &quot;Results-Oriented Work Environments&quot; work?
Super-quick MIDI generator with nonrestrictive license?
Geometric Transformations on the CPU vs GPU
Linux Game Engines
Would using Lua scripts to define game logic for an MMO server be a lot slower than compiled in C++?
Efficient structure for representing a transform hierarchy
What is the Best Way to Start Building Your Own Games?
Simplest most effective way to rank and measure player skill in a multi-player environment?
How can I copy or back-calculate definitions for an entire b2World?
What techniques enable web based games to update player&#39;s resources frequently?
what should the size of a flash game in Facebook be
How does one measure and reward social aspects in virtual worlds?
Any dirty/cheap, lightweight 3d engine, beginner friendly out there?
Internationalization (i18n) in Flash games? Is there an easy way?
Float, double or both for 2D Vector class?
Top down space game control problem
Should I share the same tile structure for display and pathfinding?
What&#39;s the best practice to have NPC enemies taking cover in an FPS game?
What type of document for game design?
Realistic slow-falling snow algorithm?
Is it possible to make calculations in a Quake 3/Live hud?
Documentation/Spec for Flash&#39;s XFL layout?
Game timings and formats
Securing HTTP data from a JavaScript game to server
Can you develop a game in XNA only on Windows for the Xbox 360?
How come the 3d graphics and animations of MMORPGs are usually worse than non-online 3d games?
Independent Arcade Game Development
What tools are available for collaborative game development?
Bohemia Interactive&#39;s bio2s format
Managing multiple references of the same game entity in different places using IDs
Ogre3D how to use many images in a particle system
Online board game engines
How to use XNA in WPF?
Where to hire graphic designers for mobile games?
Lua as a stand-alone for game programming like Python?
Game engines and monetization of indie games
What are the current books for DirectX (w/ focus on 3D)?
Looking for JMonkeyEngine tutorials and documentation
Calculating Experience Points earned after a battle
Hardware for iPhone 2d games development
How to get our music into games?
3D Illusion of a 2D Planet Texture
2D Top down view maps
Creating A Board Game AI
Can you write games for Rock Band or Guitar Hero controllers in XNA?
Ragdoll on alive creatures: has somebody already implemented it?
I need help with 3d shading/lighting
2D Skeletal Animation Transformations
What are the restrictions of 3g online games
How are you handling scores that can worsen (e.g. Elo rating) in Game Center?
&quot;Time Control&quot; in a 2d Platformer
What library for octrees or kd-trees?
Random generation of interesting puzzle levels?
Help with Strategy-game AI
Examples of interesting implementations of character stats?
Random enemy placement on a 2d grid
Any interesting thesis topic?
Android threads trouble wrapping my head around design
Is there any difference between storing textures and baked lighting for environment meshes?
What should I wear to a job interview with a game development company?
Why is Reinforcement Learning so rarely used in pathfinding?
How to determine which cells in a grid intersect with a given triangle?
How do I price a game that sells internationally online?
Moving a sprite in XNA/C#, using vectors
Flash, Java, Unity plugin install penetration?
Sprite sheets with buffer objects and shaders
2D object-aligned bounding-box intersection test
Inverted textures
Career in Game Development
Network Multiplayer in Flash
What is a rim shader used for?
Game server for an android/iOS turn-based board-game
Promoting independent iOS games
What&#39;s the recommended bitrate for Background Music in iPhone Games?
How to find the window size in XNA
GLSL: How Do I cast a float into an int?
Best practices for implementing collectible virtual item &quot;packs&quot;?
What does vsynched mean?
Building (simple) stellar systems
Library to load images into textures, Linux, C and OpenGl
How to improve batching performance
Best resources to learn Game Development from a Java background?
How to deal with OpenGL and Fullscreen on OS X
Designing a flexible tile-based engine
What alternatives exist of how an agent can follow the path calculated by a path-finding algorithm?
Order independent transparency in particle system
Any good book on lighting in video games?
Moving an object in a circular path
Broad topics needed for teaching game development
Making game constants/tables available to game logic classes/routines in a modular manner
How would you code an AI engine to allow communication in any programming language?
Moving objects colliding when using unalligned collision avoidance (steering)
Structuring game world entities and their rendering objects
What should I expect from volunteer playtesting?
How should i have the key/mouse input in an advanced java game?
MMOs based on .Net?
Represent planet surface in 2d
Billboard draws fine on PC, not on XBOX
Java game in a day or two
Do you think it&#39;s Possible to go from C++ Straight to 3D (skipping 2D)
What types of effects or shaders would you teach in a rendering class?
Overview/showcase of shader techniques/uses for games
How to get elapsed time of keypress?
Pathfinding with multiple random paths in a Tower Defense game
Physics for a 2.5D platformer with a plane that curves
Information on seamless MMO server architecture
Basic Box2D collision detection
Getting OpenGL hardware acceleration with SDL on Linux
The best algorithm enhancing alpha-beta?
Are there any web frameworks used primarily to produce games?
Any good books on graphics programming?
What are some ways to implement variable body shapes?
Loading data for an RPG
Key combinations on poll-based input
Ensuring that saved data has not been edited in a game with both offline and online components
Web workers for HTML5 game physics simulation?
In a 2d tile based game, what is a good method for scrolling?
What are some good resources for creating a game engine in XNA?
How to manage all the NPC/AI objects on the server?
Which is better, one big level model or multiple smaller level models?
Marching Cubes - Legalities?
How can I easily implement swinging in a platformer game?
How to create 2D game terrain?
Should I use Events in a XNA Game?
How to enable GPU for flash player 11?
Scale my pixel art files when designing them or when rendering?
One- to Two-Week Game Competition
Is BDD (Behavior Driven Development) used in games?
Load all content from folder
How do I detect the direction of 2D rectangular object collisions?
Procedurally generated terrain map. Blend Transitions between terrain types
Platform jumping problems with AABB collisions
How to find 2D grid cells swept by a moving circle?
Java code for client-server game on Android
Is it illegal to use a commercial song in your game (that you intend to sell)
2D soft-body physics engines?
Render rivers in a grid
Tile-wide extent tracing on a grid
Which 3D file format should my engine use if I don&#39;t want to have to change it later?
What tools are available for developing 2D games like Tetris or Angry Birds for Android?
How to calculate the vector of an interception?
Separating logic/update from render/drawing code in a single thread using sleep
Where do I store strings? What&#39;s an efficient way of loading them?
How to draw a 3D world with lines, more like a sketch drawing or cartoon
Casual games market share distribution?
Efficient data packaging for a client-server network
How to handle physics of moving platforms in a platformer?
How to dynamically animate a part of a 3d model towards something
How do I rotate a structure of hexagonal tiles on a hexagonal grid?
I would like to know how an OpenGL driver will be implemented to learn opengl internals?
Manage a large number of independent actors in real-time
Need advice for 3D BSP based graphics engine
pathfinding with obstacles in a Warcraft 3 like game
Downprojecting an imaginary 4D mesh to the screen
How do I make objects move along a path?
Recording the gameplay in the game itself?
Which Database (RDBMS vs NoSQL vs BOTH) to use for a Realtime Multiplayer Game?
What would be the best way to find an open space in a level?
Tiling Physics using Farseer
Am I going to regret using a color based collision detection system?
Marching squares: Finding multiple contours within one source field?
Are there any game/graphics development certifications?
Can someone explain radiosity lighting to me?
OpenGL vs physics?
How does an Input Pipeline work?
What kind of system can I use to balance an RPG?
VSync / real 30FPS on Android
What is the name of perspective of Age of Empires II?
Projected trajectory of a vehicle?
Is a multiplayer game in JavaScript a bad idea?
Proper way to handle destruction of game entities
Object updates, internal vs external?
what are the specific Mathematics and physics concepts a programmer should know to develop a game engine?
Are there any games that contain a machine learning AI?
Better Way To Set Up an Event System
Is there a design flaw when an entity&#39;s state doesn&#39;t fully utilize enter(), execute() and exit()?
What are the disadvantages and/or limitations of navigation meshes?
What&#39;s the best way to create animations when doing Android development?
Chunking/caching large levels in a singleplayer game
How should I structure my classes to allow for multithreaded simulation?
How do &quot;game maker&quot; tools like Blitz3D create .exe files?
Why would you want multiple render targets?
How can I implement a renderer that can draw many kinds of primitives?
Should I use a world matrix?
What should I do to prevent my monsters from walking off platforms?
Is it possible to fake blur via images?
Network client-server message exchange and clock synchronization help
GLSL Shader Editors for Linux
How can I simulate shattering glass?
Is Jump Point Search (A* with JPS) appliable to non-diagonal grids?
What is involved with writing a lobby server?
What are the limitations of retro consoles?
When should I talk to a lawyer about intellectual property for an indie team?
How often to save player&#39;s state in persistent online games?
Is it possible to develop multiplayer games with HTML5?
Set sprite to face direction of mouse
In a 2D tile-based game, how should NPCs and tiles reference each other?
What is the primary use of Vertex Buffer Objects?
Eliminate delay between looping XNA songs?
How should a team share/store game content during development?
When pausing an XNA Xbox game and showing a &quot;pause menu&quot;, which controller buttons should I use?
What do the components of gl_TexCoord[0] mean?
Can you recommend a good beginners book or project for a young person?
ELO algorithm for handling people who don&#39;t play often
How to create a mathematical mechanism in order for a game to be balanced?
What is the logic behind the &#39;Loading&#39; scenes in games?
Function for sun movement?
What kind of hardware would be required to render an Earth sized minecraft like map?
Keeping user&#39;s attention with tycoon style games
What exactly makes up a screen in a typical C64 game?
What is the state of the art at shipping game graphics such as lots of small BMP files?
Can learning how to do empirical research help a game developer?
How to disable Y-axis movement in the Bullet physics engine
Processing component pools problem - Entity Subsystem
Automating XNA Performance Testing?
How do character/object interaction animations work in isometric games?
How can I store all my level data in a single file instead of spread out over many files?
Decent Shader editor for Visual Studio
Can I use copyrighted sprites for a demo?
What online games would let me practice AI development?
Interaction between engine parts
Is GLUT obsolete?
What alternatives to GLUT exist?
How do I create a horizon?
Is it possible to detect two different mice at the same time, and have their movements recorded seperately?
Separation of world state and animation in a turn based game
Articles about a plot in an open world
What is a &quot;Gameplay Programmer&quot;?
How would I move a character In an RPG with Bullet Physics/Ogre3D?
Intellectual rights to game concepts
I have to make a game in 9 days. AHHH!
Doing an SNES Mode 7 (affine transform) effect in pygame
Correct way to &quot;randomly&quot; generate flowing terrain
Microsoft XNA Platformer Example, is the Collsion Detection implemented accurately?
Pre game loading time vs. in game loading time
OBB vs OBB Collision Detection
Shadows in deferred rendering
Abstracting Entity System animation states
What data should be cached in a multiplayer server, relative to AI and players?
Targeting a vehicle with complex movement?
Creating smooth lighting transitions using tiles in HTML5/JavaScript game
How do I shuffle cards for a card game?
GLSL - one-pass gaussian blur
Doing a passable 4X game AI
How do you cope mentally with one very long piece of work
Finding the contact point with SAT
Sharing functions across multiple shaders
How do I communicate with an IronPython component in a C#/XNA game?
What is a better abstraction layer for D3D9 and OpenGL vertex data management?
How do I implement a Bullet Physics CollisionObject that represents my cube like terrain?
What technology does Starcraft 2 use render its maps?
Implementing simple proportional navigation for a homing missile
Calculation of Inertia Tensors
Path finding algorithms?
Level creation of Rayman Origins type game?
How are advanced graphics effects implemented?
Tile map/terrain implementation with differing heights of neighbouring tiles
Transform Matrix multiplication order
Audio programming resources
Managing lists of different types of entities  - is there a better way?
How do I prevent my platformer&#39;s character from clipping on wall tiles?
Why does XNA&#39;s ContentManager follow generic type parameters for serialization purposes?
What implications does JIT (javascript/canvas) vs. AOT (Flash) have in terms of browser based game performance?
First time shadow mapping problems
Does use of simple shaders improve performace/battery life?
How To Approach 360 Degree Snake
How do people get around the Carmack&#39;s Reverse patent?
How do I determine if one polygon completely contains another?
Framerate limitation
Best peer-to-peer game architecture
What exactly can shaders be used for?
Separating logic and data in browser game
Realtime multi-player game design principles for Node.js
HTML5 game obfuscation
Map with 20 million tiles makes game run out of memory, how do I avoid it?
How do I convert between two different 2D coordinate systems?
Tilemaps in a Entity System Framework?
Shifting from XNA/C# to C++?
Doesn&#39;t multiple inheritance solve all problems that entity systems do?
Are there any narrative (or at least non-spatiotemporal) focused engines/frameworks?
How to get a game popular without a publisher?
Is there any Card Game Framework?
Motion capture for indie developers?
Is there any way to verify the GPS location data received from client?
Do Apple and Google ask for a share if custom payment is done in a free app?
Is there anything equivalent to Portal 2&#39;s linked_portal_door in any other engines?
How do I go about hiring Level Designers from the Modding community?
