Is there actually such a thing as a ripe green pepper?
Most effective way to fix a poor drainage easement?
Is this a Hibiscus syriacus hybrid?
Why should I prune roots of bare root blackberries before planting?
How do I select garlic which will continue to produce large heads in future replantings?
What is this liquid that looks like dew drops on my brassica leaf margins?
What ground cover would be best for my old stone driveway?
Can someone identify the plant and tell me the name?
How to stimulate basal growth in a tree?
What is eating my basil?
How to harvest whole walnuts of a tall tree in one day?
Stimulate lower stem regrowth of pepper plant
What are good plants for sandy soil?
80mm decking post into a 75mm metal post holder
How can I get rid of the pennywort that is taking over my dwarf mondo grass?
White spruce problem (yellow needles)
What ate the leaves of my bell pepper plant?
Shrub with white flowers and lemon-jasmine scent
What are these yellow, eight-petal flowers?
What is the best method/saw to cut through tough palm tree fronds with? (30-foot Queen Palms)
How do I encourage my plum tree to produce fruit?
Identify ant-like pests under rock
How to grow vegetables from kitchen scraps?
How do I separate two lawns?
When to transplant brassicas in legumes bed
How to germinate old cannabis seeds?
Can you use plastic mulch in the vegetable garden without drip irrigation?
Is there a way to straighten an older tree that started crooked?
How do I remove moss from patio?
How can I prevent my Nepenthes pitchers from drying out?
Is it bad practice to leave dead roots in soil?
What are the tiny white bugs on my spinach and how should I treat them?
How do I stop rabbits from defecating and eating everything in my yard?
Apply iron(II) sulfate and dolomitic lime at the same time?
Tiny black flecks on squash and okra
Is total darkness acceptable for tomatoes to recover from transplant shock?
How long does it take for plant roots to break down?
Does this orchid have a viable stem? If not, will it grow one if transplanted to a larger pot?
What are the effects of keeping a clumping bamboo in a pot permanently?
What cacti can grow without cold protection in USDA zone 6b in Pennsylvania?
How can I control/remove unwanted grass in flower beds?
What is the best species of grass to grow around a black walnut tree
What are the best vegetables to grow in containers?
Have I damaged my apple tree by cutting off a root?
Is it possible to do my own extensive soil/organic matter testing?
Which side of a dead branch should you prune?
What&#39;s happening to my tulips?
Problem with pot roses
What is the name of this purple-flowered climbing plant?
How much water is needed using drip irrigation for Gold Mound hedge?
What happen after nepenthes has flower
What kind of tulip is this with pink flowers which resemble water lilies?
How to best care for redcurrants that were transplanted last autumn?
Why are my tree ferns&#39; leaves drying out and dying?
What are the pros and cons of bagged mulch versus city mulch?
Cactus ID: Globular, multiple straight prominent ribs, spiny, somewhat wooly, fibrous root
What is a good watering schedule for an Argyroderma?
Is there a way to save this half-dead evergreen tree?
Do you know of ways that help a plant to produce more flowers?
What are the main kinds of permanent sprinklers and what they are best used for?
Problem pulling the cord on my Honda GCV160e
Greywater gravity irrigation control\float valve
How far do I space apart watermelon seedlings?
Rue with white dots and some 3mm white bugs
What is this weed, native to south-western Ohio?
Can I use the water that collects on our large pool cover?
What is this small red/green leaf plant?
How to make a galvanized steel stock tank in to self watering planter?
Why is the grass under a temporary skating rink green when the rest of the lawn is dormant brown?
Is it possible for an almond tree to grow in a tropical country?
Should I periodically restart my lemon grass?
Why would one tomato plant be full of tomatoes and the other one be empty?
What kind of bamboo is this?
What is this weed and should I get rid of it?
Why is the bark falling off the base of my Corkscrew Willow&#39;s trunk?
Will top dressing over moss kill the moss?
What is this sprawling vine with green leaves?
Is this a desease or pest on my pepper-seedlings?
Are Seibel 13053(aka Cascade) grapevines phylloxera-resistant?
What household wastes can you use to fertilize without composting?
Pruning overgrown pear tree
How to get the dirt out of the rocks in rock landscaping?
How can I add drainage to an area with shrubs already there?
What is the legality of growing San Pedro cacti in Florida?
What is this large orange mushroom found in lodgepole pine forest in Oregon&#39;s high desert?
How do I deal with grass seed blown into a garden bed?
Sansevieria leaves wrinkling and browning
What is this cactus with paper-looking spindles sticking out all around?
Which direction should I face my garden?
Should I prune or remove fruit before transplanting a citrus tree?
Will diatomaceous earth hurt the earthworms in my garden
How did black-eyed Susans get their name?
Shall I remove pea-sized rocks and gravels from soil before planting a flowering cherry?
Why is my apple seedling shriveling up after like 15 min, every time I remove the plastic dome?
Can I eat carrots with wormholes in them?
How Should I Take Care of These Two Phalaenopsis Orchids with Different Behaviors?
What are good introductory texts on botanics and horticulture?
Can I grow a Szechuan/Sichuan pepper tree from store bought peppercorns meant for cooking?
Why won&#39;t my pepper grow?
Adenium Boehmianum branches
Is there actually such a thing as a ripe green pepper?
Most effective way to fix a poor drainage easement?
Is this a Hibiscus syriacus hybrid?
Why should I prune roots of bare root blackberries before planting?
How do I select garlic which will continue to produce large heads in future replantings?
What is this liquid that looks like dew drops on my brassica leaf margins?
What ground cover would be best for my old stone driveway?
Can someone identify the plant and tell me the name?
How to stimulate basal growth in a tree?
What is eating my basil?
How to harvest whole walnuts of a tall tree in one day?
Stimulate lower stem regrowth of pepper plant
What are good plants for sandy soil?
80mm decking post into a 75mm metal post holder
How can I get rid of the pennywort that is taking over my dwarf mondo grass?
White spruce problem (yellow needles)
What ate the leaves of my bell pepper plant?
Shrub with white flowers and lemon-jasmine scent
What are these yellow, eight-petal flowers?
What is the best method/saw to cut through tough palm tree fronds with? (30-foot Queen Palms)
How do I encourage my plum tree to produce fruit?
Identify ant-like pests under rock
How to grow vegetables from kitchen scraps?
How do I separate two lawns?
When to transplant brassicas in legumes bed
How to germinate old cannabis seeds?
Can you use plastic mulch in the vegetable garden without drip irrigation?
Is there a way to straighten an older tree that started crooked?
How do I remove moss from patio?
How can I prevent my Nepenthes pitchers from drying out?
Is it bad practice to leave dead roots in soil?
What are the tiny white bugs on my spinach and how should I treat them?
How do I stop rabbits from defecating and eating everything in my yard?
Apply iron(II) sulfate and dolomitic lime at the same time?
Tiny black flecks on squash and okra
Is total darkness acceptable for tomatoes to recover from transplant shock?
How long does it take for plant roots to break down?
Does this orchid have a viable stem? If not, will it grow one if transplanted to a larger pot?
What are the effects of keeping a clumping bamboo in a pot permanently?
What cacti can grow without cold protection in USDA zone 6b in Pennsylvania?
How can I control/remove unwanted grass in flower beds?
What is the best species of grass to grow around a black walnut tree
What are the best vegetables to grow in containers?
Have I damaged my apple tree by cutting off a root?
Is it possible to do my own extensive soil/organic matter testing?
Which side of a dead branch should you prune?
What&#39;s happening to my tulips?
Problem with pot roses
What is the name of this purple-flowered climbing plant?
How much water is needed using drip irrigation for Gold Mound hedge?
What happen after nepenthes has flower
What kind of tulip is this with pink flowers which resemble water lilies?
How to best care for redcurrants that were transplanted last autumn?
Why are my tree ferns&#39; leaves drying out and dying?
What are the pros and cons of bagged mulch versus city mulch?
Cactus ID: Globular, multiple straight prominent ribs, spiny, somewhat wooly, fibrous root
What is a good watering schedule for an Argyroderma?
Is there a way to save this half-dead evergreen tree?
Do you know of ways that help a plant to produce more flowers?
What are the main kinds of permanent sprinklers and what they are best used for?
Problem pulling the cord on my Honda GCV160e
Greywater gravity irrigation control\float valve
How far do I space apart watermelon seedlings?
Rue with white dots and some 3mm white bugs
What is this weed, native to south-western Ohio?
Can I use the water that collects on our large pool cover?
What is this small red/green leaf plant?
How to make a galvanized steel stock tank in to self watering planter?
Why is the grass under a temporary skating rink green when the rest of the lawn is dormant brown?
Is it possible for an almond tree to grow in a tropical country?
Should I periodically restart my lemon grass?
Why would one tomato plant be full of tomatoes and the other one be empty?
What kind of bamboo is this?
What is this weed and should I get rid of it?
Why is the bark falling off the base of my Corkscrew Willow&#39;s trunk?
Will top dressing over moss kill the moss?
What is this sprawling vine with green leaves?
Is this a desease or pest on my pepper-seedlings?
Are Seibel 13053(aka Cascade) grapevines phylloxera-resistant?
What household wastes can you use to fertilize without composting?
Pruning overgrown pear tree
How to get the dirt out of the rocks in rock landscaping?
How can I add drainage to an area with shrubs already there?
What is the legality of growing San Pedro cacti in Florida?
What is this large orange mushroom found in lodgepole pine forest in Oregon&#39;s high desert?
How do I deal with grass seed blown into a garden bed?
Sansevieria leaves wrinkling and browning
What is this cactus with paper-looking spindles sticking out all around?
Which direction should I face my garden?
Should I prune or remove fruit before transplanting a citrus tree?
Will diatomaceous earth hurt the earthworms in my garden
How did black-eyed Susans get their name?
Shall I remove pea-sized rocks and gravels from soil before planting a flowering cherry?
Why is my apple seedling shriveling up after like 15 min, every time I remove the plastic dome?
Can I eat carrots with wormholes in them?
How Should I Take Care of These Two Phalaenopsis Orchids with Different Behaviors?
What are good introductory texts on botanics and horticulture?
Can I grow a Szechuan/Sichuan pepper tree from store bought peppercorns meant for cooking?
Why won&#39;t my pepper grow?
Adenium Boehmianum branches
How to safely remove poison ivy
How to fix a broken cactus
What is this weed with tiny yellow flowers found in eastern Australia?
What is the best shade tree to shade the front of my house?
What is this weed and how can I eliminate it?
How can I find sprinkler valves buried in my yard?
Am I meeting the light requirements for indoor dwarf citrus trees?
What&#39;s the difference between hydroponics and aeroponics?
Identify small, white, &quot;ant-like&quot; bug found in chips near tree
Can I put coffee filters into my compost?
Where, when, and how can I plant magnolia trees?
Should I remove dead grass/weeds from my raised beds before planting?
How do I divide an overgrown Mammillaria cactus?
How should I grow Moneymaker tomato plants in indoor containers?
Is it possible to have an odorless/near odorless indoor vermicompost?
What is this bulb with a fuzzy purple and green flower head?
What fluorescent bulb is best for my tomato seedlings?
Can kitchen waste be used as manure?
How to &#39;clean&#39; topsoil of weeds &amp; pests before giving it to a friend
How to strengthen a leggy pomegranate sapling?
What are the practical differences between cucurbits grown from seed and cuttings?
My live berry plants have been here a week. When do I put them in the ground?
What is the name of these blue seeds?
Could a spider be causing my orchids and cactus to die?
Are 3601 trays big enough to transplant vegetables to?
What are all the methods to control powdery mildew?
How can I save Yew bush branches severely bent by snow and ice?
How long do chemicals persist in a pile of grass clippings?
Replanting out of control raspberries
Why do small fruit fall off chilli plants?
Should I use a mycorrhizal inoculant when transplanting 4.5&quot; caliper white oaks?
What is this shrub/tree with small green drupes in southern Texas?
How can I save my Venus Fly Trap after being watered with tap water?
How can I waterproof garden walls which have bad damage to the rendering?
Bonsai from tree cuttings
Have I planted my tomato seedlings too close together?
Is it possible to kill a large area of weeds organically/naturally?
Am I over watering flowering plants
How should I deal with my willow tree that has been butchered by the council?
Why is my guava plant producing sour fruit?
Is it safe to grow food plants near the road?
Advanced care of an indoor avocado plant
Keeping goats from eating my plants
Is bottom heat important for successful germination of flower seeds?
What is this plant from a package of mixed flower seeds?
Germinating ALL vegetable/fruit/ornamental seeds in water before planting in soil
What is this part between the fuel line and primer bulb on my lawn mower?
When planting is it good to use one pot for each plant or one large common pot?
What plants can I grow on my apartment balcony in India?
What is a good way to get rid of fire ants in Florida?
How critical is water during germination? Should I re-sow?
What are the Coldest Spring Temperatures to Overseed a Lawn?
Should I Repot a Tall and Spindly Jade Plant?
What is the name of this houseplant, and how can I prevent it from drying out?
How long before fruit tree grafts begin bearing fruit?
What is this plant with odd-pinnate leaves that&#39;s growing under my oak tree in Florida?
Is this compost appropriate for transplanting/repotting tomatoes?
What&#39;s destroying my recently laid Kikuya lawn?
Spring Cleanup: How to preserve beneficial insects
Should I cut off severely bent stems (folded on darker line or spot) on my Peace Lily?
Stone Degree Cut for Fire Pit
How do I make my aloe plant beautiful again?
Will sunflower seeds that have been left out all winter germinate?
Peace Lily. Inside of stem protrudes (see pic). Do I need to do something about it?
Can I use a clear glass as a container for houseplants?
Damaged Lily leaves: Brown, yellow and cut. What to do?
I need to remove a ton of prickles
Is it good to use fertilizer right after a Peace-Lily has been damaged from not being watered for several days?
When should I start watering flowers in the garden?
Why build a worm bin? Why can&#39;t you have a worm heap?
What is this vine with large heart-shaped leaves found in western New York state?
Why do people paint some tree trunks white at the bottom?
Are bird&#39;s nest ferns deeply rooted?
Should I overseed this lawn?
Should I clean pruning shears with hot water, alcohol, or similar?
When and how do I trim these bushes?
Why is it best to start seeds in shallow trays?
Can I plant tagetes tenuifolia between grapevines and ribes?
Why is my avocado tree dying and how can I reverse it?
Why are my cucumber leaves turning yellow?
Starting seeds in egg cartons
What is this climbing plant with blue flowers?
Android Plant App for garden plants and trees
Ferns have not survived winter, what might be the case?
How does pH affect plant growth?
Should I prune lavender on a cold/wet day in Spring?
Can we grow vegetables in a raised bed surrounded by trees?
Cactus Identification: miniature branching species with reddish areolas
What is this flower with five mottled green petals that are fused together?
Can I save this crop of broccoli that bolted early?
What is the best time to apply manure to a vegetable garden?
What is this cactus with flat oval pads and very short spines?
Growing trees from seed &amp; cuttings
What is the proper way to overseed your lawn?
How much grass seed is too much?
What is this weed, and how to remove it?
Get rid of weeds from my raised garden bed - without pesticides
Should I use Potting Soil with Mold?
What is the name of this plant, and how should I plant and care for it?
What kinds of pathogenic plant mildew are there, besides powdery &amp; downy?
How can I keep bare root blackberries viable for 8 days?
How can I predict the best time to put a hummingbird feeder outside in the spring?
Glyphosate (Roundup) effectiveness and rain
Is it too late to plant my avocado plant in soil?
What&#39;s causing the edges of my blueberry leaves to burn?
Can this plant be transplanted or is it too mature?
Can trees be propagated from cuttings without roots or leaves?
Identify this spiny seed from Northern California
Sodding a grub-damaged area in Southwest Florida
Will a 1/2&quot; tap hole injure a maple tree?
How do I grow multiple generations of lima beans?
Why are the leaves of my fig trees drying and falling off?
How do I grow root vegetables in pots/grow-bags?
How to prevent avocado from drying out indoors?
How do I prune a cherry tree to keep it short?
What is causing the weird bubbles on my pepper seedling&#39;s stem?
How can I grow endive seeds?
What kind of mulch should I avoid for vegetable garden paths?
Different plant compatibility and care
How to protect strawberries from &quot;predators&quot;
How do I save lilac seeds?
Can I cover a tree stump to prevent mushrooms from growing from it? ‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍
How can I prevent nettles creeping through my fence?
Is it possible to reuse rockwool cubes?
Do Pawpaws do well in common landscape settings in hardiness zones 6B?
What columnar cactus species I should select as a rootstock for a Rhipsalis standard?
How should I care for this Succulent?
Have a grafted fruit tree. Want to have less of one of the fruits
A website for keeping track of my houseplants
What is this tree/shrub in my Florida yard?
What are these hard white/brown spots growing on my houseplant?
Indoor pesticide for edible plants
Can I force a dormant forsythia branch to bloom by bringing it inside?
How important is it to do irrigation system with new build?
Can I give sugar (or something similar) to flowering plants?
How do I prevent my soil from compacting?
white material on roots of apple tree?
Why are the leaves of my ginger plant drying out?
Is there a directory of precise dosages of fertilizers for indoor/outdoor plants?
Do brassicas like to be transplanted deeper than the previous pot?
What is this large, woody plant with compound leaves, found in zone 6a?
Competitions and lectures for garden designers
Is this compost bin rodent-proof?
Is painting a lawn/garden border a good idea?
How do I change this to a butterfly garden?
How far down do I need to dig when sifting out rocks from a garden?
Is it okay to locate a garden on top of a septic drain field?
Do coffee grounds in gardens deter cats?
Would it be better for me to set up my garden in the fall, or wait until spring?
How can I remove locust eggs from the soil, and prevent future infestations?
What is this fast growing plant and should I rip it out?
Why are the leaves turning yellow on these conifers?
Will burning sticks in my garden affect the soil?
Is it safe to make a vegetable garden where there may have been lawn chemicals?
Getting gardening stakes in stony ground
How do electric tillers compare with gas powered ones?
Planting to deter cats
Glass vs plastic greenhouse covering: pros and cons
Index of photoperiods
Which plants/trees will benefit from using urine as a fertilizer?
What happens when you take a cutting from a mature determinate tomato plant?
Does moss sprout leaves?
Database/API for vegetable growing seasons?
Should I remove the dead flower heads from my hydrangea?
Does seed from F1 hybrid tomato fruits grow?
Can I grow a pistachio tree from seed?
Help identifying this vine with green and white heart shaped leaves?
My flat leaf parsley has stunted growth and pale red leaves. What could be wrong?
Garlic scapes drooping during a cold winter without much snow. Will they survive?
Plants that can be grown in USDA zone 8a
What will speed the decomposition of a tree stump?
What pepper varieties have the longest shelf-life?
What is killing off my lucky bamboo?
How often can I harvest coppiced black-locusts?
Basil &amp; Catnip Fail to Germinate
Is peat moss nutritious enough for tomato seedlings?
Tulip bulbs, plant them late or keep them until next year
Is a skylight enough light for tomato seedlings?
At what point do seedlings start to need nutrients?
Why do plants require or prefer their specific type of soil? Is it fine if the same type of soil is used for all of them?
Is drainage needed for a new lawn on compacted clay?
How to get rid of Snails in my lotus pond
What to do about grubs in vegetable garden and potted tree?
Orchid on branch: What carrier could work?
Grapes leaves too dry - is that normal?
Can I fix my lucky bamboo that has yellow stalks?
What is a fast-growing deciduous tree for shading house in summer? (Long Island, NY)
Is it possible to grow grapevines from root cuttings?
How can I grow barley grass indoors?
What plants will deter mosquitoes?
How do I grow a basil plant tall?
Can leaves absorb light from below as easily as from above?
What is this (allegedly) mosquito-repellent trailing plant with dark green heart-shaped leaves?
How do I safely eradicate mold without hurting cactus seedlings?
What is wrong with my ponytail palm?
How do I treat gray fuzz on the soil around my Peace Lily plant?
What are the white specks on my Strelitzia&#39;s leaves?
Can any one tell me what are these white cotton like substances growing on these leaves?
Is mulch or topsoil better for new lawn in clay soil?
Best way to avoid seedlings from bending and dying
Is dolgo crabapple a dwarfing rootstock?
How should I prune a damaged Rhododendron?
azalea lacebug mitigation - what about bees?
What is the proper way to prune a pear tree?
What is a good alternative to pressure treated wood for raised beds?
Part of fruit cocktail tree has died
Want to set up a timed watering system for &#39;remote&#39; garden patches without utilizing underground water hoses
Can I graft a zone 10 tree&#39;s scion onto a zone 6 tree&#39;s rootstock?
How can I stop a walk-behind kubota lawn mower?
What is this large plant that came up when I turned my soil?
Can you please identify this houseplant that has long floppy leaves?
Do ants eat scale on lime trees?
Dendrobium nobile: How and when to cut and pot new plant (keiki) from mother?
How can I find out what&#39;s eating my chilli plants?
Curious to know why over-watering leads to root-rot yet the same plant can be grown in water?
Why are the leaves of my Peace Lily wilted and black?
Identify this succulent/echevaria?
My long stemmed rose is growing new leaves
How does the &quot;Ketchup &#39;n&#39; Fries&quot; plant produce both tomatoes and potatoes? Is it safe?
Can plants have too much light, or do they need night/rest?
How long can a bell pepper plant thrive while maintained indoors?
What is this large plant with spikes of hot pink bracts and lavender, trumpet shaped flowers, that&#39;s growing in South Africa?
What makes a plant deer resistant?
How effective is cow&#39;s blood as a deer deterent?
Can I allow a pine tree to share root space with a group of birch trees? If not, which should I cut down?
Are my Salvia flowers dying?
Aerate, de-thatch &amp; overseed. Is this really the correct order?
How do I remove weeds and prevent them growing between the bricks in a paved area?
Are these maggots and are they okay in the soil around the roots of a fruit tree?
How do I prevent my mung bean sprouts from turning green and developing too many roots?
Can I add commercial roses to my compost pile?
What preventative action should I take against Fruit Flies?
How should I add spent coffee grounds to Azaleas?
Is spent cat litter an appropriate source of nitrogen for compost?
What kind of plant is this?
Does cauliflower produce secondary growth after the main harvest?
I bought a plant but nobody knew what it was. Can anyone here identify it?
Is there anything I can put on my lawn to prevent my dog from digging?
Once the fava bean pods are formed, does the plant need a lot of sunshine to grow?
How to completely rid my potting soil/container of fungi which seems to continually attack my plants
How can I help my young mulberry tree grow a thicker stem?
What LED light should I choose for a specific PAR watt need?
How should I eradicate or control mugwort without herbicides?
What does Mesquite Tree sap have that possibly makes it a good fertilizer for dragon fruit?
What are the differences that can be apparent between vines and creepers?
Is there any merit to my wacky idea to grow a Purslane lawn?
Will green, algae-like blooms in the side of a clear pot cause any damage to the plant and its roots, and if so, how can I get rid of these?
What is this cactus and how should I care for it?
How should I deal with carpenter ant damage on my old almond tree?
Can dragon fruit get scale?
How much lighting do I need for growing lettuce using indoor hydroponics?
What&#39;s the name of this houseplant?
How important is water type to carnivorous plants, really?
Can I use 12-6-9 fertilizer sticks for a Ficus Bonsai?
Is this a sign of some disease or insect damage? (Piel De Sapo plant)
How to check if a tropical tree has survived a subtropic winter?
How many coffee grounds are too many coffee grounds for composting?
What does &#39;standard&#39; mean when referring to shrubs and vines?
Should I rotate border vegetables, or plant a perimeter of onions/scallions each year?
Can an aloe plant that&#39;s completely rotten at the base be cured?
Houseplant with clustered red berries at the bottom part of the plant?
What is this bush called and can it be pruned this time of year?
Is my Schefflera arboricola getting the right amount of light and water?
Please help me ID this apple or apple-like bush/tree in my yard - Small green apple with no stem and thorns
What is this small potted plant with a thick trunk and palmate clusters of 5 leaves?
Can I measure chemical elements in soil myself?
How is an Avocado plant started?
What is this almost spherical red flower with thin, hair-like, petals?
What is the name of this tree? - currently a bonsai
How Do I Get Rid Of Moles
Should I rototill compost into existing barren soil before planting drought-hardy grass?
What is an accurate method to measure the C:N ratio of Bokashi pickled/composted kitchen waste?
Why are my avocado&#39;s leaves drying out from the edges?
Is this a good organic soil/fertilizer setup for container carrots?
Should I let my basil leaves age?
What are these brown, cap-shaped mushrooms on my birch tree?
How should I till topsoil into thick clay in small garden beds?
How can I prevent Schlumbergera from dropping buds?
What is this grass that is growing in my desert yard?
How do I kill this salt cedar?
Bag worm infestation on small pine trees
Should I remove brown, cap-shaped Birch Polypore mushrooms from my tree?
My lemon tree, ants, shells. What is this and how to treat it properly?
What is wrong with this desert rose and how can I cure it?
How to care for a large redwood?
Why is my lemon tree losing leaves after I gave it tomato feed?
What is happening to my Snake plant?
Identification of garden insect with a red-edged green body and white spots
How will indirect sunlight affect indoor tomatoes under grow lights?
Can strawberries be grown year-round indoors?
How &amp; when should I prune a Weigela bush?
Which of These Bonsais Are The Most Appropriate For My Climate?
Falling leaves and black spots on bonsai tree. What can I do to return it to health?
Does Pachysandra cause algae to grow on the concrete foundation of my house?
How do I get rid of mice without hurting the birds that might feed on them?
What is wrong with this Fargesia?
How efficient are stump removal chemicals?
How should I care for these plants?
How should I take care of my new Areca Palm?
Why Hasn&#39;t my Cactus Grown Deadly Spines?
How do I control weeds and moss on a brick walkway and driveway?
What is this itch-inducing twig I found in my cilantro?
Identify deciduous shrub with small red berries and small leaves
Why do chilli and cilantro seedlings look the same?
What happened to my Mass Cane?
How can I keep gravel from moving out of my driveway during winter?
Are aquarium-water nematodes harmful to plants?
Is there anything wrong with allowing moss to grow around herbs?
Bermuda grass (I think?) is a muddy mess in the winter time
What plant is this and how do I save it?
What is the name of this plant and how to make it grow horizontal branches?
What is the name of this plant, is it edible, and how can I care for it?
What happened? - Chilli plants are developing spots on leaves and the edges are curling
How often should soft fruit plants be replaced?
What is this bug with a hundred feet that I found in my garden?
What is the best growing temperatures for an avocado plant?
What are these insects that are swarming all over my Tribulus Terrestris weeds?
How fast do banana plants grow?
What is the gardening purpose of an l-shaped groove knife hand tool?
What is this mold/fungus?
How do I grow a new African Violet from a leaf?
What is this bushy, yellow-flowering plant?
Tomato plant discolored and dried out
Does cypress produce any smell or allergens when planted indoors?
What is this plant with green leaves and white marks?
Is this powdery mildew?
Should I remove rhododendron buds which didn&#39;t open before the winter?
Where Can I Get Saintpaulia (African Violet) Food?
Will rusty nails in garden harm plants or people who eat the plants?
Does water temperature affect vegetable plant growth?
Is it better to plant many seeds in one hole or few?
How should I treat a badly aphid infested shedding Hoya?
Why does my gardenia have brown patches on it&#39;s leaves?
Which of these palms would be easier to take care of in an indoor 9&quot; pot?
Is rain water better than tap water for plants?
What is a shade tolerant, low ground-cover that can tolerate foot traffic for between bluestone pavers?
How do I prune boxwoods to control for boxwood leaf miner?
Can bent grass be controlled without toxic chemicals?
Is it true that some plants can reduce air pollution?
How useful/reliable is the Parrot Flower Power?
Lawn border to stop grass growth
Are there bulbs that produce only leaves?
What causes my zucchini leaves to become light yellow?
Mower with oily fouled spark plug
Is it really that important to prune deadwood from trees? If so, why?
How can I save my dying palm tree?
Why are the leaves on my bell pepper plant starting to turn yellow?
What is a good shrub for privacy for the Pacific Northwest USA?
Bay Leaf Tree (Laurus Nobilis) with severe scale
How can I grow Norway Spruce from seed?
What is the white powdery substance on my Dracaena&#39;s leaves?
What type of weeds are these?
Can I water indoor fruit trees with aquarium water?
How should I prune a top heavy Jade plant?
What is this bushy, lemony, red-flowering herb?
Is this young plant a rosemary?
Identify this plant(s) mixed with a dwarf bamboo
What is this plant with ivy-like leaves and pink flowers?
What&#39;s wrong with my mango plant?
Can I use unused pine bedding as mulch in my potted outdoor plants?
How can I deal with broken glass spread out in my yard?
What is this plant in my vegetable bed?
How do I take care of my very small Kaffir lime tree?
What plants can grow in bathroom humidity with no direct sunlight?
What is the best organic way to defeat slugs?
Why aren&#39;t my new echinaceas true perennials?
Night-Blooming Jasmine plant continues to wilt even after treating with baking soda-water spray
Is this an ant colony on this fig tree?
What should I do with these young tomato plants in the middle of august?
Trying to Identify this Flowering Shrub
Squash or gourd? Monster plant growing from mulch put on empty bed
What are the best growing conditions for Vanilla planfolia?
Bonsai shedding leaves 1 week after purchase
Are both of these flowers chrysanthemums?
Am I pruning the my pepper plants optimally?
Why the leaves of my guava getting dry and dropping?
Is it OK to plant Daffodils on a forest floor?
Municipality compost frozen
What is the name of this tree found in Switzerland?
What is this weed in my lawn and how can I get my grass back?
How can I tell the difference between etiolation and a sunburn?
How do I get rid of pill bugs in my vegetable garden (or is it even the problem)?
What is the plant with multiple lily-like yellow flowers with iris-plant-anatomy?
Will this 20,000k LED bulb function as a grow light?
How do I use linseed oil to maintain my tools?
How close to a mature douglas fir can I place a septic tank and leach field?
What are these red spots on my guava leaves?
Can I grow pineapple plants from seed, rather than crowns?
How can I get my fava beans to grow faster and start flowering?
Is there a temperate climate perennial succulent adapted to wet root conditions?
What are some hot peppers that ripen black on the last stage?
What purpose do these towers serve in drip irrigation?
How do I get rid of these insects that are in all of my planters?
Will prickly pear thrive under the eaves on the west side of my house?
Why are the leaves of my rubber plants getting wavy?
What is best watering schedule for a bonsai juniper tree?
Why are cut roses doing so much better in a ceramic vase than a crystal vase?
How to get rid of spider mites on roses?
How should I prune a common fig for best productivity?
Chinese Elm bonsai turning yellow after repotting
Why is my philodendron getting these brown dry parts on its leaves?
How can I save seeds from a large, fast-growing arugula plant?
How does one harvest aloe vera leaves?
What is this cactus with flat pads and spines growing in small patches?
How to properly plant Dracaena after it developed roots in water?
How to treat a succulent with holes in its leaves?
What is this plant with red growths on its leaves?
What is the best way to propagate a Wandering Jew?
My avocado tree is not doing well
Source for apple variety information
How can I remove moles from my lawn?
Should I repot these orchids
Butternut Squash Cross Pollinate?
What vegetable/fruits plants will rabbits not eat?
Propagating quince - method and timings?
Do chemicals leach from the sides of raised beds?
Can my DIY grey water bio filter system be improved?
How do you convert a mixed fescue field to a native warm-season grass meadow?
How fast does human manure turn into compost?
Are there any bad effects in using nematodes in pest control?
Can you advise me on a still-water garden pond in tropical Central America?
What is the maximum amount (lbs/1000 sf.) of nitrogen that should be applied to turf in the spring?
What&#39;s the best thing to do for a neglected agave?
What is a sucker and how does it differ from a water sprout or branch?
Will it be too late to plant Daffodil bulbs after Christmas in Long Island, New York?
Why is my Majesty palm getting dried out, when the soil is moist and I&#39;m misting the foliage daily?
How to dispose of sand, concrete rubble and field stones?
How do I prevent raccoons from eating my corn?
How should I prune a cleistocactus that got too tall?
Why do my bonsai seedlings die after a month?
When should I start repotting bonsai Juniper?
Help needed to keep away weeds coming from a creek
Can I use rainwater captured in Los Angeles to grow plants?
Optimal temperatures and light times for pepper plants
Please let me know what type of plant I purchased here? And how to take care of this.
Should I try to treat a Majesty palm tree with brown holes in the leaves?
What do I need to kill Canada Thistle weed?
Can I save the berries from a Big Blue Liriope (Liriope muscari) and plant them next spring?
Beautiful plants for covering balcony grill to prevent noise and pollution entering home
Renovating mature pear trees
What are the white bugs on my Aeonium and how do I get rid of them?
Will garlic cloves that are broken off the root &#39;plate&#39; still grow?
Can we root prickly pear pads that are sold in grocery stores as a vegetable?
What is this Coarse Green Sand-Like Material in my Bonsai Kit?
What causes the base of tomato seedling stems to shrivel?
What is the proper technique to hand pollinate an eggplant?
Can I grow Basil indoors this winter?
What is the right name for plant base protection wraps?
How do you get rid of root flies organically?
Can citrus tree health affect the seed count in the fruit?
Cactus and Succulent in the same pot
Can I grow mint from cuttings indefinitely?
How should I prepare a bed of chrysanthemums for winter?
How can I eradicate skunk cabbage from my yard?
Why did my Agave plants stop growing shortly after sprouting?
How do I determine what the soil conditions are where I live?
Why does my repotted cactus seem to be dying?
Can I graft a branch of a sweet orange onto a sour orange tree to get sweet fruit?
How can I tell if a tool I&#39;m holding is well made?
What is this low, leathery serrated leaved plant from the Piedmont region of Maryland?
Is it possible to turn a tumbler compost too frequently?
What plants can I use to reduce soil humidity?
What is this small green bug with long legs and antennae, in New Zealand?
I&#39;ve caught unknown insects in my sticky trap. Do I need to take any action?
What are my options for securing my fenced back yard against rabbits?
Why are my basil seeds instantly covered with a white goo after planting?
Is it practical to sharpen hedger blades yourself?
Why aren&#39;t my rose seeds germinating?
What good websites which list the requirements of various plants?
What can I do about carrots having weak stems?
How far apart do raspberries and blackberries need to be planted?
How do I control suckers on pear trees?
What are the (essential) Tools that every gardener should own?
How can I get weed seeds out of a gravel bed?
Are there any methods of fixing transplant shock?
Greenhouse in a tropical climate
My newly repotted majesty palm is loose. Should I add more mix?
What vegetables can be grown effectively in a small, urban garden?
Should I water my houseplants before or after spraying for spider mites?
What should I do with some volunteer potatoes growing in my compost pile?
What equipment do I need to transplant a 20&#39; tall pin oak?
What is this South African plant with broad, waxy leaves and shiny berries that ripen to red?
What went wrong with my tomatillos?
How can I dispose of gravel?
Can anyone identify this weed with jagged leaves and tiny white flowers?
What is yield of a tea tree?
Is it possible to recycle a Jack-o&#39;-lantern into compost?
What should I do with my horrible plastic-rocks-and-weeds front yard?
Is it OK to grow plants in clear (transparent) pots?
Orchid - Second plant growing from stem of main plant?
Is it really an Orchid plant? If yes, then which variety of it?
What kind of orchid is this?
Tropical Growth Room for Vanilla Planfolia
Are these orchids dying? They are flowering but the leaves are turning yellow
What&#39;s Wrong with this Orchid?
What is this white grub I found in my soil in southern England?
What is this possibly succulent plant and how do I look after it?
Why could this Elephant&#39;s Ear be turning yellow?
How can I handle a cricket problem without using pesticides?
How far apart should I space Thuja &#39;Green Giant&#39;?
How do I transplant a 20 year old Satsuma tree?
Measuring height difference over 200 meters without clear line of sight?
How can we salvage a poorly pruned mature pear tree?
What is a desiccant and is it helpful when saving annual Snapdragon seeds for the winter?
Do cloned tomatillos pollinate each other?
What&#39;s a good way to protect fig trees overwinter?
How long after full coloring do I harvest grapes?
What is wrong with my Philodendrons&#39; stems and roots?
Identify this tree with two different types of leaves?
What is the world&#39;s widest pepper variety?
How can I ensure that hellebores in 6&quot; nursery pots survive the winter?
Which edible solanaceae fruits will ripen after they&#39;ve been picked, besides tomatoes?
Why is my Schefflera losing healthy looking leaves?
What can cause tomato flowers to drop before blooming even once?
Shaping my new bonsai
How should I prune this overgrown pear tree?
Why have my chilli seedlings stopped growing?
How do trees respond to solid, isolated, chunks of minerals such as iron, placed in the root zone?
Why are blackberry plants typically named for Native American tribes?
How to conceal anti-siphon irrigation valves?
Should I do a soil test before or after amending soil?
Is this plant an indoor palm of some kind?
What&#39;s the Minimum Space I Can Leave Between Flower Bulbs That I Want to Plant in a Planter Box?
Indoor house plant identification
How Many Holes Do I need to Make at the Bottom of a Plastic Planting Box?
How can I identify the &quot;type&quot; of a rose if I don&#39;t already know what it is?
Can I dig up a wilting Begonia in the garden and turn it into a houseplant?
What is Etiolation?
What is the proper soil type for Aloe?
Do I have to bring my potted plants inside during the winter?
Can frog droppings be used as fertilizer?
Should I use aluminum sulfate (sulphate) to acidify my soil?
What is this plant called?
What is this potted plant with dark green leaves and puffy white flowers on long stems?
What happens with rosemary if I don&#39;t let it hibernate over the winter?
Will rhizomes that have been in the fridge still grow?
Should I burn out my tree stumps?
What kind of green watermelons have a red spot?
How to Keep Compost &quot;Hot&quot; in Winter?
What is this tree with ovate-elliptical, serrate leaves, and racemes of small berries?
Difference between Espalier and Topiary
What is this pink-flowering shrub in Massachusetts, and how can I transplant it?
What is this disease on my lime plant?
What to do against my Catalpa rooting in the neighbour&#39;s garden?
Home-made Solution for White-Spotted Curley Leaves on Pepper Leaves
How far should I place garden plants from concrete and fences?
How long should I dry fresh seeds from solanaceae, cucurbitaceae and other families, before storing?
Can I overwinter runner bean seedlings for cropping the next season?
Can I treat supermarket &quot;living lettuce&quot; as lettuce seedlings?
Can this tree be an eucalyptus tree growing in Central Europe?
What to do with a this tree which has become to big for its current position?
Identifying the type of mint
What is the difference between a spade and a shovel?
How do I grow strawberries from seed?
How can I save seeds from strawberries?
How should I grow calla lilies?
What are these round, white, waxy things on my cycad?
Should I overwinter my Crocosmia bulbs indoors, or plant them?
How can I stop grass from growing in my driveway?
What is the best mowing direction on a hill?
Can I save the seeds of Maiden Grass?
Can I successfully over-seed a lawn in the Spring in Colorado?
Are cockroaches pests in the compost heap?
Does a Japanese maple require special care when a post-hole is dug in the root system?
How do you collect and keep cucumber seeds for planting the next year?
How do I remove dandelions without damaging my lawn?
What vegetables could be planted in a limited balcony space in a subtropical environment?
Does Dawn dishwashing detergent kill plants (shrubs &amp; flowers)?
Orchids not flowering
How can you get orchids to bloom again?
Why is my pine tree turning brown?
How to prevent regrowth of elm saplings from concrete foundation?
What is this weedy grass and how can I control it?
What is the term for removing weeds from bodies of water?
What is apical dominance?
How can I check quality of sprinkler blowouts?
How can I keep my cycad from growing too large?
Does Thai muskmelon (AKA Thai best or Tang Thai) do well in a dry climate?
What&#39;s the difference between annual, biennial, and perennial plants?
What is the term for this pruning technique that causes stubby, clublike branches?
Do sumacs transplant well?
Will tulips survive a winter in USDA zone 5 when planted in a boat?
What&#39;s wrong with this dwarf white pine?
What are some natural ways of killing ground ivy (creeping charlie)?
What&#39;s the difference between corms, bulbs, and tubers?
What are some good vegetables for a beginner, and how do I find quality seeds?
Is a little watering still better than no watering, when plants are thirsty?
Is a potted grapevine better put under or outside a roof?
Landscape 2D CADD program
What is this pest on my hydroponic basil and how can I remove it?
What is this woody plant with spicy, citrus flavored twigs?
What is this tiny plant with multiple leaves and small white tubercles scattered over its leaves?
Venus flytrap/Dionaea muscipula doesn&#39;t grow traps anymore
What evergreens will tolerate alkaline clay soil in USDA zone 4?
Hedge plant (Photinia Robusta) looks like it is dying. Is there anything I can do?
What are these crystal specs on/in my Earthgro potting soil?
What are the consequences of espalier on a non dwarf tree?
What is this grass and how prevalent is vivipary in grasses?
Can a lemon tree become an orange tree?
Can I plant tulip or daffodil bulbs in 6&quot; of soil, over a concrete foundation?
How can I ensure a crop of potato seeds?
What is this flower that smells like a skunk?
How can I temporarily grow grass on concrete?
How can I burn dead tree leaves and grass during wind?
What is the best way to kill a banana shoot but not the entire plant?
How do I treat and care for trees infested with borers?
Should I prune Rudbeckia for winter?
What is this carefree succulent flowering potted plant?
What is this plant with white flowers found in the German Alps?
What is the ideal state of symbiotic balance in soil called?
What is this vine with cordate, alternate leaves?
What is the difference between pure horse manure and bedding manure?
What is this invasive vine/creeper with round, variegated leaves?
Why is my spinach flowering and how can I prevent it?
What birdseed can I use to attract native birds in Houston, TX, that won&#39;t attract squirrels?
What is this houseplant, and what can I do to keep it from going downhill?
How to care for columbines before winter (Zone 5-6)?
When should I harvest my carrots?
When to dig out carrots for consumption at the latest in autumn?
Why did the leaves on my Plumeria alba develop black spots and fall off?
What is killing my moss?
How do I grow roses from seed?
What are these mushrooms growing in the shade in Houston, Texas?
What is this pink flowering alpine shrub?
What is a good choice for an edible fruit producing plant given a space of 20 ft x 3 ft?
What herbs/vegetables/greens can be grown in a balcony garden with limited sunlight?
How can I love a Silver Maple?
What plants will keep ladybugs happy?
Can salt be used to control weeds permanently?
What happens when a chainsaw chain meets a nail or piece of steel wire when cutting through wood?
Is asparagus deer resistant?
In ground dog composters, are they effective?
Which high-desert-friendly tree should I plant beside my driveway?
Why are there yellow patches on yard?
Help me to identify these two trees in my back yard?
Amending a barren yard with compost: dedicated weed barrier or no?
Is it okay to pile compost on to the base of a tomato plant?
Opinions on combining shredded bark and compost as mulch
What size of rocks are worth sifting out of a garden?
Identify potted plant growing too tall (&gt;8-9 ft)
Am I overseeding my lawn properly? Should I do something differently?
How should I care for a sunburned coffee plant?
What are the best deciduous shade trees for Phoenix, Arizona?
What is this vine with clusters of black berries, found in Southern Illinois?
Are these trees some type of poplar?
Can someone identify this white flowering plant?
Is it normal for palm trees to drip a brown gummy sap?
How can I kill Aegapodium for good?
What are some deer resistant edible plants?
How much should I water an avocado plant guided by a moisture meter?
What&#39;s happening to my tomato plant leaves?
What are these trees in the front of the picture?
Is mid-October too late to seed a lawn in Ottawa, Canada?
What are the uptake and decay rates for Spectracide&#174; Weed Stop&#174; for Lawns?
Is it unhealthy to rotate houseplants?
Can someone identify this honeysuckle plant by the flowers?
How do I get ready for a stump grinding, and how long afterwards should I wait to replant?
Are low double deer fences effective in keeping deer out?
Is this an Oak Tree?
Do I need to change the irrigation for my Shamel Ash trees?
What is this white-and-purple, five-petaled flower?
How can I tell if a plant given to me is patented?
My Emerald Arborvitaes are Yellowing on the Inside!
What Items Can i sell at my seed website i am making that isn&#39;t patented?
How much water does lucky bamboo need?
Chilli sprouts are too close together. Should I start culling them?
Cedar Hedge drying from the inside
How do I deal with millipedes eating my vegetable seedlings?
What&#39;s wrong with this Photinia fraseri tree?
What is this possibly carnivorous plant with small purple flowers?
Flesh of Kishu is dry
What caused the leaf scorch on my Dracaena deremensis &#39;Lemon Lime&#39; and what should I do about it?
Why is my drip line spraying, not dripping?
Is early October too late to plant a Pussy Willow in southern Ontario?
Can the roots of a Redwood tree lift up the foundation of my house?
How do I smooth out and overseed an Ontario lawn in fall to prepare for spring?
Does commercial (bagged) soil eventually expire/die?
What can I do with unripe tomatoes when prepping a bed for winter?
How should I care for this houseplant to prevent wilting?
Does a pine needle mulch make your soil acidic?
Do any plants add nutrients back into the soil as they grow?
Milk powder (for automatic coffee machines) as fertilizer?
How can I control mint rust?
How can I get rid of a bush, without digging into the ground?
How effective are praying mantis in keeping a garden clear of pests?
Blueberry leaves that curl and then brown
What is this vine with heart-shaped leaves found in Northern California?
Chili leaves yellowing
Which species is this Eucalyptus?
What are some good combinations of plants &amp; practices for raised beds to maximize efficiency/output?
What are the best plants to attract Ladybugs and Praying Mantis, from your experience?
How do I breed Black eyed Susans?
What are the names of these two succulent plants?
Pumpkins survive and continue to produce but fruit went rotten after some development
Should I remove the suckers from the base of my new tree?
Compost bins: how deep is too deep?
Is it important to deal with gall wasps on oak trees? If so, what is the best method?
Why does my pepper plant have yellowing, drying and curling leaves?
What is the optimal LED wattage for a single bell pepper plant?
What are good organic phosphorus sources for fruiting plants, other than rock phosphate or animal products?
Is it beneficial to drop earthworms or red wrigglers into container plants?
How effective are non-chemical controls for non-biting midges?
Why are my blackberry leaves tasting like sulfur?
Dry brown patches on cayenne chilli plant leaves, leaves starting to curl, tiny black spots
Is it OK to use human waste or spent cat litter for fertilizing edibles?
Can someone help identify these two groundcover plants?
Does a luxmeter provide an accurate measurement of usable light?
Why can&#39;t you get organic fertilizers in powder form?
Looking for basic info/resources for drip irrigation
Timeline for first organic garden in New England (Massachusetts)?
Best way to combat Rosemary Mites?
Which is this plant with purple flowers and elongated, opposite leaves?
Should I be concerned about twisted galls on my lombardy poplar trees?
What are the pros and cons of different rock dusts?
Can the castor oil plant (Ricinus communis) build up toxicity in my soils?
Should I remove old rotten tree roots or leave them in place when I regrade my yard?
Is there an enzyme/compound I can use to quickly rot fallen fruit?
What causes cucumber leaves to turn yellow, brown, wilt, die, and the plants to stop producing?
Using electricity to improve plants
Can I graft elderberries (Sambucus)?
How can I determine the variety of an apple tree that hasn&#39;t fruited?
Can I use cedar hog fuel instead of clean fill to bring up my soil line?
How much water should I give a mung bean each day?
Dormant Spray and Whitewash
Should I plant a Common Hackberry tree in my front yard for shade?
Can I use tap water as an alternative to rain water on my Venus fly trap?
Should I prune a Venus Flytrap to prevent it from digesting itself?
Why is my Sunshine Blue blueberry bush flowering in the fall?
Can anyone tell me what this plant is?
How much space do watermelon plants need? What do I need to know to transplant seedlings?
How should I do about dry patches in my Leylandii hedge?
What is this young shrub with opposite ovate, crenate leaves and reddish stems?
What is the quickest germinating leguminous cover crop?
Are eastern prickly pear cacti pads edible?
Can you coppice a pear tree?
Will coppicing a Siberian elm tree get rid of bacterial wetwood (slime flux)?
May have planted my tree wrong... is it too late to dig it up and replant it?
How do I know if a fertilizer treatment is burning my trees?
Boiling before germinating Chinese Juniper Seeds
What immediate steps should I take after my lawn is aerated?
How do I shape a Cryptomeria bonsai into the chokkan style?
Why did the leaves on my Christmas cactus suddenly change texture and colour?
How to acclimate a store bought plant to a home-outdoors?
In graft hybridisation does a younger stock facilitate more extensive hybrid effects in the scion?
What&#39;s the best way to transplant Malva sylvestris Zebrina?
What&#39;s the most hardy red fleshed apple for the Pacific Northwest?
How do you block tree roots from affecting your garden?
Should I wait for twigs in compost to fully decompose before adding it to the soil?
What procedure should I follow to compost bones, fat, and rotten cooked food?
Do pine beetles kill healthy pitch pines, or is it safe to plant seedlings to replace trees killed by them?
Tomato plant looks like it has grains of salt - what is it and how do I treat it?
What is this little insect larvae on my cucumbers?
Is it possible for a transplanted baby Maple to grow into a Bonsai tree?
How to distinguish between Elaeagnus umbellata and E. multiflora?
How to separate rocks and dirt?
What could be keeping Crepe Myrtles from flowering?
Why is my cactus droopy?
How does a bow-knife weed cutter compare with a string trimmer?
How do I know when to harvest my potatoes?
Why are my daffodils putting out flower buds in January?
How do I repel tree squirrels that are digging holes in my lawn?
What is this small shrub with small red berries, and lanceolate, alternate entire leaves?
Should my plant be shedding leaves when it&#39;s flowering?
What is wrong with my Mango plant?
What are the basics to collect seed from the vegetable garden?
Why are there kinks in my aloe vera leaves?
What are these mushrooms growing in the mulch around my orange tree
How can I get rid of this vine-like weed with small rounded leaves?
What unclean water can I give to my plants?
What is a soil spreader called in the U.S? Are they available here?
Why are my indoor strawberry&#39;s leaves turning brown?
When are ground cherries ripe?
How should I prepare a containerized tomato-plant for overwintering?
Is there a way to harvest my chilli peppers for the best possible heat?
Why do I need special microgreen seeds?
Why are my aloe&#39;s leaves bent and drying up, and what can I do to help it grow?
How should I care for newly planted saplings on a slope?
How should I save a palm I repotted too high?
Can dahlias be grown as perennials?
Should I aerate, or aerate and seed my lawn? Can I do it myself?
Did cement mix damage my grass?
How can mushrooms be used to enhance a vegetable garden?
Why are my eggplants golden brown?
looking for a fast growing Leucaena leucocephala seeds
Is the moisture sensor reading correct in my self-watering vase?
How can I prevent stones from rising to the soil surface each year?
When should I first use fertilizer on new plants?
What is this yellow, four-petal flowering plant in Lynchburg, VA?
What are some heat tolerant nutritious greens I could plant for a tortoise?
What should I look for when selecting lights for indoor cacti?
What is this white flowered tree?
Should I be concerned about the wind and my spinach seedlings?
Soft Fruit - Canes or Large Potted Plants?
What is this tall plant with large leaves and long bunches of soft pink flowers?
What soil problem would cause fruit and vegetable to grow very small?
How can I keep my flamingo plants small for a terrarium?
What are the basic directions to planting leafy greens?
Is it too late to plant potatoes in Dorset, UK in Mid -september?
Will wisteria clippings take root in a compost pile?
What is this 3 cm brown seed?
Are spreading spider plants a problem?
How can I propagate Phoenix canariensis with vegetative offshoots?
What was this large yellow-green fruit I ate in Ethiopia?
What is this plant with small red flowers and palmate leaves with 11 leaflets?
Drip Irrigation for Row of Long Arborvitae Hedge
Why do the leaves of my avocado tree have brown edges and spots?
What is the best light spectrum for growing chili peppers?
What is this yellow ray flowering plant, found in Lynchburg, VA, that honey bees like?
What is this mint-family plant with small, pink flowers in Lynchburg, VA?
What is this purple stalked, berry producing plant?
How should a lemon tree with yellowing leaves, peeling bark, and small fruit be saved?
How does one go about growing a cactus in a terrarium?
Why does my grass have bright green patches?
What are these mushrooms?
Would spinach seeds not sprout because they are planted too low in the pot?
Wooden containers finished with Danish Oil- should I line them?
Will a cedar tree grow new limbs?
Will chrysanthemums help with my mosquito problems?
How should I control the growth of my umbrella grass?
What are these small black things appearing on my cucumber leaves, and are they harmful?
Is there a way I can keep my plant off of my desk?
Is there a way to discourage blackbirds, but not other birds, from visiting my yard?
I planted seedlings with mint by accident... what do I do to save them?
What plant has no foliage and clusters of red berries on top of a fleshy 1&#39; stem?
Can this peace lily be saved?
Starting bacteria in aquaponics
What to do about a slug and excrement on my Batavian lettuce?
Should I pinch my blueberry bushes for the first year?
Is it possible to add too much compost?
Is it okay to use left-over pasta water to water plants, including edibles?
How deep are electrical lines near pad transformers?
Can you help me identify this plant?
Can you help identify these plants in my new garden?
What kind of a plant is this (with large, glossy &quot;finger-like&quot; leaves)?
Why Do Trees In Swampy or Wet Areas Change Color Earlier?
Is it a good idea to add sugar or other things to the water for cut flowers?
What area is needed to sustain a person for a year?
What is the name of this bamboo looking plant?
Does anybody know this plant&#39;s Latin name?
What type of wax plant is this?
What do the numbers in the names of indoor liquid fertilizers mean?
How tall can grape plants get?
Negative effects of water pooling in garden
How do I water a desk plant without making a mess?
Is it possible to tell by shape of the flower if it will attract butterflies or hummingbirds?
How can I keep ants off of my hummingbird feeder?
How should I plant Calathea Medallion seeds?
What can I replace my garden with?
Are bananas male/female and which ones will contain seed?
How can I keep mosquitoes out of my yard?
Can excess NPK fertilizer damage my container-grown plants?
Is it possible to grow a grape plant in a container?
How can I prevent my arborvitae trees from turning brown and dying every time I plant them?
Are my Emerald Arborvitaes recoverable?
Why do my newly planted arborvitae keep dying?
Planting 2 tomato plants in one 20-gallon grow pot (Smart Pot)
How deep should a post be in the ground, compared to how tall it&#39;s going to be above?
What is this burr covered plant (weed?)
Why do many of my parsley leaves have white tips?
What are these 3-foot tall plants in southwest Florida?
What is this 3 metre tall shrub whose bottom comes from lots of thick stems?
How to save my 1-meter-high Aloe Vera plant which broke off at the stem?
Can somebody try to identify this potential perennial?
What is this extremely fast growing plant?
What plant resembles a tomato plant with thorns?
What is this in my garden
What type of plant is this? It looks like Chamomile
When does red clover (cover crop) go to seed?
How can I stop dead grass clippings from accumulating on top of the live grass, and clogging the mower?
How can I get a Morning Glory that was cut back to flower before the season&#39;s end?
Why does my Goji Berry produce many flowers but never bear fruit?
Requirements for successful Blueberry bush planting
What can I do with a dead bonsai that was an anniversary gift?
Which grass is best suited as an indoor perennial?
What is this wetland plant with small white flowers in a spiral around the stalk?
What is this disease or nutrient difficiency on my Parfianka Pomegranate?
Can I cover mature tree roots with fresh wood chips?
What&#39;s a good ground cover to cover a rock wall in heavy shade in Massachusetts?
How to prevent ants from digging near my plants?
How to encourage new raspberry stalks to grow away from the main stalk?
What is the right way to prune a mulberry tree?
What is this white substance growing on a kumquat tree?
When is the best time to trim cedar hedges?
What food crops grow well in a hot/dry desert climate?
What chemicals react with greenhouse plastic and cause it to turn white?
How may I quell the fungus among-us?
Does aerating water to raise the pH in nutrient solutions work well?
Can I trim this shrub into a spiral shape?
How to sell seeds
What is an effective organic pesticide to use against aphids or cabbage loopers?
What are these reddish-brown growths on my succulent plant?
Transplanting into seedling starter?
Is an olive tree frost resistant?
If I plant strawberry plants in the fall, would I still need to pinch the flowers for the first year?
How should I care for a new Mimosa tree growing out of an old Mimosa stump?
Why is my Japanese painted fern struggling?
What&#39;s this seed? Maple? Sycamore?
Why do the tips of my lettuce leaves look dark/burnt and feel brittle?
Can ivy damage stucco?
What is the name of symmetrical, orange/red flower?
How can I protect small fruit plants that were planted in the fall to survive the winter?
Identify this grass and provide hints on removal
What is this yellow mold or fungus in my container?
What are these brown patches on my acanthocereus tetragonus (fairy castle cactus)?
Is this a horseweed?
How would you trellis a melon plant?
Is it safe to eat tomatoes affected by early blight?
Does it make sense to plant a cover crop in raised beds?
Can anyone tell me what this red stemmed weed is?
How to take care of an avocado plant in the chihuahuan desert?
What are the pros/cons of different mulches?
What&#39;s causing my cucumber &amp; melon vines to wither away?
Does eggshell dust work as pest control?
How should I propagate day neutral strawberries which don&#39;t develop runners?
How to prevent raspberries from shriveling before they&#39;ve matured?
Why aren&#39;t my potted herbs healthy, and water runs dark out of the parsley container?
What is this plant with white bracts around the inflorescence?
Can these two trees be identified by photo.
What&#39;s wrong with my dwarf cherry tree&#39;s leaves?
What is this bug and how do I keep it from eating my plants&#39; leaves?
Cucumber plants wilting in greenhouse, but fine indoors?
What&#39;s this plant with long black seed pods?
How long does mulch last?
What is a perched water table?
What&#39;s flying around my basil?
What are these small yellow bugs that are attacking my eggplant, and how can I stop them?
What is this double pink/purple flower growing from a small potted plant?
Edible Plants for Rockery
Is Clopyralid or Dicamba more effective in the control of clover in lawns?
Is there an almond that grows inside a peach?
Why doesn&#39;t my night-blooming Cereus produce flowers?
How can I preserve a bouquet of flowers for two days before gifting them?
What is this shrub with clusters of bitter blue berries in southern NH?
Should I seal the wounds where limbs were removed on a crape myrtle?
Scale infestation (Euonymus scale)
What is the name of this plant with wide green leaves that develop splits/holes as they grow?
What do people mean when they talk about soil going sour?
Why does my garden centre say these plants are annuals?
Is there a snake repellent plant that can prevent snakes from entering a backyard or house?
Do I need to put landscape fabric under ground cover plant to prevent weeds growing?
Ground cover for 2000 sq.ft (half full sun / half partial shade) with 60&#186; slope
How to secure my orange tree
Can I still use the mint leaves after the plant has flowered?
What is the name of this plant with purplish-brown and scented flower?
Why is my new Acer tree dying?
How do you water your plants when your house as a water softner?
Is there a rule of thumb for what size of a pot you need to keep a plant in?
How to get rid of bindweed (Convolvulus arvensis) once and for all?
What is causing the rotting/brown spots on my plum fruit?
Peepal tree (Ficus religiosa) grows again and again, how do I stop it?
Beginner Starting from Scratch: Weedlot to Enjoyable Garden
Is this flowering vine diseased?
What do I do about the whitish powdery mold on my peonies?
What is this pink/lavender flowering shrub?
How can a green leaved canna&#39;s flower color be found when not in bloom?
What are these lines on tomato leaves?
Is there an accurate way to test a mixture of multiple soils?
Can somebody identify this flowering bush?
What should I do about landscape rocks in my garden plot?
What is causing my lavender&#39;s leaves to turn grey and wizen?
Is it normal for drip hose to tear when pulled from compression fitting?
Is there a close relative to citrus trees, which can grow in the northeast US?
What is this low-growing evergreen?
How fast does a Thuja hedge grow after being burnt?
Is testing the pH of soil with cabbage juice accurate?
What is this dead light brown patch on my lawn, and how do I get rid of it?
Is there a way I can deter geese from visiting my yard and pond?
What are these little intense colored green plants with needles?
Bugs eating my yellow bell pepper
what are the trade-offs between soil blocks and air-pruning trays?
Are clear or opaque tarps better for solarization?
Late summer vegetable garden in SoCal?
Help to identify this imparipinnated cutting
Any suggestions on how to control clover and grass in a flowerbed?
Is the fruit of passion vine edible?
What is the difference between a melon and a squash?
What is this unusual fruit seedling?
Redwood planter - Should I treat it and how?
Why should I prune my avocado plant already when only two weeks old?
What is this vigorous plant
Bouquet of pink roses not blooming
What features should I look for in a low pressure water timer?
What are some good books with definitions of technical words used in botany/gardening?
Increasing Olive Pollination
Can anyone identify this cattleya alliance hybrid?
Can anyone identify this seed/fruit and what tree it has come from?
How do I keep red wiggler worms alive overwinter in the Northeastern USA?
What is this small white spathed plant in southeast Pennsylvania woodland?
Root removal when removing shrubs
Are woodlice eating my carrots?
Is it possible to graft together a self-pollinating cherry tree?
What kind of landscaping plants do livestock avoid eating and need minimal attention?
How do you tell if a tree is male or female?
How to keep my roses fresh?
What are the most effective ways to maximize solar radiation?
Why are my lilacs dying and what can I do about it?
Please identify and give suggestions on how to get rid of it
Why are my hydrangea flowers dying, but the leaves look OK?
Sudden Outbreak of Yellow Leaves on Tomato (and Other) Plants
Tomatoes...what is the difference between early blight and late blight?
How deep to dig for a new flowering pear tree?
How do I pump my bath water to my garden for watering?
White stripy things on trunk are killing my plant
Why are we instructed not to use manure before planting carrots?
White, fur like strands and spots on underside of chilli plant leaves
Tomato blight clear-up
Grafting an adult cherry-tree?
How do I keep oak trees from sprouting?
What small pines and deciduous trees are suitable for terrarium culture?
What to do about carrots that don&#39;t seem to be growing?
Will glyphosate based herbicide work with a food thickener?
My lettuce is flowering - does that mean it has bolted?
What are the scratch marks on the undersides of my tomato fruits?
Is this shrub a Privet?
What is causing yellow spots with &#39;hair growth&#39; on the underside of the leaves on my tree?
Can I graft an orange tree to a hardier northern root stock?
What should I do after a tree removal and stump grinding to prepare for grass?
Do herbs grown in containers need to be repotted?
What are some good landscape design planning softwares?
How can I deal with the beetles eating my grapevine?
What kind of plant is this with a single, tall stem and alternate, carrot-like leaves?
What is this tree with alternate leaves, and large green fruits?
What are some good plant suggestions for a cool climate in an apartment?
Are the seed pods of giant sunflowers normally empty?
What are some recommended perennials to grow under large spruce trees in an area of about 350 sq. feet?
What are the optimal growing conditions for sugar beet?
Are citrus trees better grown using containers or in the ground?
What is a good distance to keep grapevines from the house when using them for shading?
Is rust from steel rainwater barrel harmful?
When should I see growth on my Morning Glory?
What kind of shrub or bush is this, black berries, elongated leaves?
Protecting the soil with a layer of Granite or Stone
What are some good plants to hold the edge of a cliff?
Are there any drought tolerant plants that will force out weeds in pavement and sidewalk cracks?
Why are my hibiscus buds &amp; leaves randomly turning yellow and dropping off?
Is there a pole version of marrow beans?
What pre-emergent weed killers won&#39;t harm my &#39;Blue Rug&#39; juniper?
What&#39;s the name of this five petaled flowering shrub?
Can I save this basil?
What is this shrub in Colorado with white flowers and closely spaced small ovate leaves?
What is this tiny strawberry-like fruit found in a Southern Illinois lawn?
What houseplants will best filter the air for a retirement home?
Effectiveness of Using Wood Chips (a la &quot;Back to Eden&quot;) as a garden mulch/covering?
What could cause brown spots on the leaves of a Song of India plant (Dracaena reflexa)?
What would be the symptoms of a Song of India plant with too little water?
Should I still continue to plant a potato that turned green?
What would cause only one cane of a raspberry plant to show nutrient defficiency?
What is the best type of soil for growing an indoor avocado plant?
What is this pest attacking and killing a douglas fir?
Are old raspberry canes required to be chopped off?
Does eating fruits and vegetables watered with greywater affect your health?
What are these 3&#39; to 5&#39; tall plants from my new back yard, and how should I remove them?
What are these insects laying eggs on the underside of this butterfly flower leaf?
Cabbage and Broccoli Pests
What is an easy vegetable to grow in a hot, dry summer / cool, wet winter climate?
How to cut optimally the basil on my balcony?
City wants to remove our White Pines - how should we respond?
What is a long-term solution to a goathead infestation?
I want to lower the pH of my soil around my blueberries without changing the pH of the entire bed
What should I do to improve a lawn growing on a new construction lot?
Hardy edible perennials that are easy to propagate?
What should I do with unharvested berries on my loganberry plant?
Why do blueberries need acidic soil?
What is this tall, alternate leaved plant from Piedmont region MD?
Is it too late for this tomato?
Will Chanterelle mushrooms grow under shrubs in my yard?
Why are my French Cobra bean flowers not being pollinated?
How can I improve the soil in a new allotment, which is covered in wild grass?
Do these sunflower seedlings need to be thinned?
Are these bushes sun damaged?
What is causing curling leaves on my potted Rosy Glow barberry bushes?
How can I keep earwigs from eating my basil?
Can I use the output from a house boiler to heat a greenhouse?
What is this narrow leaved, aromatic plant native to Attica, Greece?
When should I pile more dirt onto a growing potato plant?
How and when to plant young grafted fruit tree?
What is this lawn weed with cut-edged leaves and five petaled pink-purple flowers, found in Belgium?
What should I do when a courgette-plant&#39;s stem has split open?
Is it too late to start growing vegetables in June in a northern/cold climate?
What is this 2&#39; high plant with curved spikes of white flowers, growing in eastern Massachusetts?
Does a Hover mower with roller or a cylinder mower with roller better fit with my requirements?
What is this annual vegetable garden weed with minute daisy-like flowerheads?
What is this plant with spiky leaves found on a beach in Indonesia?
How do you identify a plant?
How do I determine what vegetables I can grow on a hot arid island in June?
How can I rejuvenate my overgrown Elaegnus &amp; Deutzia?
My bean plants appear to have rust
Is my newly planted weeping willow in shock?
Are my tomato plants damaged by a chemical or a disease?
Should I clean out my rain barrel before using the water on my vegetables?
What is the blossom strategy of chili peppers?
What&#39;s a good water system for my cactus plant during holidays?
What is this small, daisy-like wildflower found in open woods?
What&#39;s affecting this tomato plant?
Small Baby tree growing its roots right next to the base of my house. Should I be worried?
What is the advantage of a raised bed over clay soil vs just amending the clay soil?
What variety of plum tree do I have?
Should containerized plants be periodically rotated relative to the sun?
Why are the blooms dropping off my zucchini without fruiting?
When trellising pumpkins, do I need to fertilise more heavily?
What could cause a weak or no spark from a string trimmer&#39;s spark plug?
What are the alternatives to AeroGarden
Why has the stem of my chili plant split?
What is the minimum hydroponic pot size?
Could I grow a Sochi tea plant (Camellia sinensis) in zone 6b?
What is causing the leaves to develop brownish patches between the veins on my tomato plant?
How can I repair an apple espalier that broke off above the first lateral tier?
For square foot gardening: Can I skip vermiculite seed sprouting, and plant straight in Mel&#39;s Mix?
What is this yellow coloration of cotton wool used as growth media for hydroponics?
How should I transfer swamp oak seedlings from pot to ground?
How do you save an aloe plant whose stem is weak and appears to be rotting?
What is this fast growing plant with blue/black berries?
How deep a container do I need for my Kangaroo Paw?
What is eating my Sweet Pepper plant?
What is this leaf miner / tenter in my small bush/tree?
What is this native North American lily with a downward facing speckled orange flower?
When do Big Max pumpkins start to produce?
Can I plant rhubarb roots in mid July, in Michigan?
What is this white mold infesting my tomato plants?
What is this fungus in my indoor snake plant&#39;s pot, and is it harmful?
What is this pink flowered volunteer plant that appeared this spring?
How to safely protect my raspberries from pests
What is this succulent plant bought from a botanical garden?
Starting growing herbs inside, is there anything I should worry about?
What is the optimal raised bed depth for Brassicas?
Will grass seeding on an existing lawn help prevent/control weed grasses?
Why are strawberries cooled before planting, and what is a term for this procedure?
How do I get rid of root suckers in my yard from my neighbor&#39;s big tree?
What is this native North American ground cover?
Why has my peach tree stopped producing fruit?
Does peat moss negate the effects of perlite?
How can I save my garden from an unknown critter that destroys everything?
Can I use herbicides in flood conditions without harming good plants?
Is it a good idea to plant blueberries in July in USDA hardiness zone 7b?
How should I dethatch zoysia without harming it?
Hexagonal bush?
What is the name of this hydroponic plant?
What is this bush/tree and can it be heavily pruned?
What is this hanging plant?
Help me identify and how to manage, this shrub in my new house yard
Is this colored (brown, red, yellow) and hairy caterpillar dangerous for my strawberries?
What is the name of the purple flower that opens in the morning and closes in the evening?
Plant Identification in China
Can portulacas be overwintered indoors?
Improving soil for grass
Help identifying this pink flowering plant native to Denmark
Identification of houseplant and diagnosis of its discontent
What is this sweet smelling herb-like plant?
Slug, Fungus, or other?
Will I run into trouble if I water houseplants with carbonated water?
How do I remove oak seedlings which sprouted in my garden?
What is this low growing plant with trifoliate leaves?
Identification of this branched bush with tiny blue flowers
Identification of plant growing on Grange-over-Sands promenade, in organised flower bed
What is this small plant with tiny white flowers and tiny saw-teethed leaves?
How should I deadhead a Hydrangea?
Why is the leaf on my avocado tree drooping?
Building natural stone steps
Help identifying a plant with pink flowers
Can someone please help identify this plant?
Help needed to identify this monster
What zone 5 trees and shrubs produce the most pollen?
Does fish emulsion (or another foliar feed) work as a foliar fertilizer on needle leaved evergreens?
What kind of tree is this and what&#39;s wrong with it?
What is the name of this tree and is it dangerous for our daughter?
Why are the leaves on my annuals turning purple?
Why are my honey-locust tree leaves turning yellow in mid-summer?
How long before poisons like Round-up become inert?
What can you do with oak leaves within a garden? Are they compostable?
Will Arborvitae regrow to their usual shape after being partially eaten by deer?
Will planting Pachysandra terminalis affect existing shrubs?
What&#39;s going on with these Snow in Summer plants?
What is this bushy plant with serrated leaves and small yellow flowers?
What is this succulent weed?
How long do cherry seeds store for?
Can I espalier a regular black cherry tree starting with 1&quot; trunk, 6&#39; tall?
Is it wise to reuse potting soil?
How many mint seeds should you plant?
How do I get rid of ducks from my backyard?
What is this plant that sprouted when I planted pepper seeds?
Does it matter if I cull the flower or fruit for higher fruit quality?
What is this plant that resembles a tomato with dark veins and stem base?
How do I prevent parrots from snacking on my fruit trees?
How can I prevent my banana tree from drying out?
What is this white-flowered ground cover plant?
What is this plant with no leaves and a thick red stalk?
What is wrong with this plant?
What are these dark brown spots on my tomato leaves?
How can I rescue my tree?
How can I support oranges as they grow?
What variety of clematis is this?
I have a house plant no one has been able to identify,
Can you tell me the garden plant that is popping up all over my 10x10 garden plot in Wisconsin?
Is this disease or sun damage on my Japanese maple?
What&#39;s wrong with my butterfly bush?
Why is my Australian Tree Fern&#39;s leaves curling up at the ends and looking kind of burnt?
How to keep chipmunks out of my garden?
What kind of mushrooms are these?
What is this potential lawn replacement plant?
What is this vine, and how should I kill it?
How large can potted patio trees grow in the US northeast?
What is this plant growing in my backyard?
How to grow wax apple / jambu (Syzygium samarangense)?
How can I protect my citrus tree leaves from being eaten?
What is this small tree with purple leaves and small green fruits?
Does anyone know what this wildflower is?
What is this small white flower, sprouting out of a single large leaf?
What is this yellow-petaled, dark-eyed flower with hairless stems?
What is this small plant with 3 inch long leaves?
What is this teardrop-leafed houseplant?
What is this plant with spikes on its stem and leaves and is over 3 feet tall?
What kind of grass is this?
How do I revive an air-layer that has dropped all its leaves?
Do aphids return to the host plant after being sprayed off?
What vine would be best for my arbor under a tree in dry soil?
How do I fix an area of grass that was ruined using a vinegar/salt treatment of dandelions?
Ginger plant too tall for its own good
How much and often should I water a bean seedling in a small plastic lined cardboard tube?
What size, and how far apart, should support posts for a trellis tunnel be?
Do bolting vegetables produce a toxin?
What is the best way to sprout Lychee seeds?
Should I let lemon basil flower?
What is a suitable slope for a lawn to drain water away from a house?
Pumpkin sprout and pepper plants have holes in leaves
What kind of ivy plants are these?
Is it safe to eat dandelions previously treated with a selective iron herbicide?
How can I drain water from a low spot in my garden when I have no lower spot to drain to?
Can the bananas of this variety be eaten?
What insects killed this red cabbage?
Dandelions taking over the lawn
Is it possible to grow nepenthes without a terrarium?
Should I remove what remains of a seed from the top of a sprout?
What should I do about a newly planted avocado tree that stopped growing?
Are pepper plants worth trying to save after root rot?
How long do Nepenthes leaves last without traps
What is this saw tooth leaved plant, and will it flower and attract bees?
What is this small grass plant?
Is this a comfrey species?
What is this house plant with bright pink flowers and dark green leaves? How should I take care of it?
What is this houseplant, and why has it been dropping leaves?
What is this spiky-leaved, white-flowered plant that grows from a bulb?
Do Bloomerang and Josee lilacs rebloom as well as advertised?
How to protect plants from freezing
Preparation for a new lawn to prevent weeds and encourage growth
What is happening to the leaves of my Ipomoea (Morning glory)?
What is this evergreen houseplant?
Plant Identification (greece, attica)
Which indoor plant/tree is this?
Why are my zucchini flowers closed?
Can I successfully cross-pollinate different species of Aloe?
What&#39;s killing this succulent?
How do I get rid of wild grape vines?
How do I kill a butterfly bush so it stays dead?
Should I re-plant my unbalanced indoor lucky bamboo plant, or will something else work?
My tomatoes got hit by a freeze
How do I control fire ants in the mulch around my tree?
What plants or gardening additives might cause the specific neurotoxin symptom &#39;Descending Paralysis&#39;?
Can I rejuvenate a very old lilac bush that has regrown from the base?
Extending Life of Cut Flowers
Can aloe be grown indoors with artificial light?
What should I do about coarse, thick grass growing in my lawn?
Do nutrients always flow downward in soil?
How close should a maple tree sapling be to marked utilities?
Can I graft fruiting scions onto my thirty-year-old mulberry trees?
Why does my apple tree not bear fruit?
Smallest practical garden pond
Can white pines be sheared or trimmed?
Why won&#39;t my artichoke plants produce buds?
What is the flower just above the groom&#39;s left breast?
What is this 3ft high, stalky plant, with mid sized narrow leaves?
What is the scientific term that describes soil that resists water?
Which plant is this? “Dead ends,” pruning, watering tips
How to set up water planting system?
Why are there plants specifically designed for greenhouses?
What will this blackberry need?
Tall, quick growing privacy tree species
Is there evidence that a deeply watered lawn will develop deeper roots?
What is growing in my garden that is pale yellow and pill shaped?
What&#39;s this hole in the Cabbage leaf?
Could someone help identify these two shrubs?
How do I get rid of sand spurs?
What&#39;s this gash on a Maple tree?
Why is my Litchi plant getting brown leaves indoors?
How are fire ants removed without endangering vegetation nearby?
Bugs in compost - what are they?
What is this small annual with white trumpet-shaped flowers?
identifing a plant with oval cut edge leaves and purple spotted green stems
Should blueberry suckers be removed?
Protecting winter potatoes from frost with a growhouse
What conditions are necessary to make a potted aloe vera bloom?
How often should I water a Skimmia japonica &#39;Rubella&#39;?
What is a practical strategy for removing dandelions and bull-thistle from my lawn without them returning?
What are these growths on my winter hardy Opuntia?
What is the effect of streetlights on plants?
Why did the leaves on my purple leaved barberry turn green after planting?
Is inosculating trees for shape practical for the home garden?
Alpine strawberries growing conditions
Need to identify this plant please?
What grass types will survive in areas of standing water that last for up to a week?
Why is my hosta shrinking?
After picking strawberries, how should I prune the fruiting stems?
Is there anything I can do to promote spreading in my Lily of the Valley?
How should I prune a half-dead bush of rosemary?
Can Thuja trees live in a &quot;square foot garden&quot; style container?
How long after a lily scale is planted should I expect a flowering size bulb?
Best practices to grow haskap bush: Lonicera caerulea edulis
What is this large houseplant with long oval leaves?
How to control horsetails (equisetum)
What is the best time to water a house plant?
How to remove small insects from broccoli?
What is this disease on the growing tips of my peppers, and how can I control it?
Ginkgo Biloba growth rate
Soaker hose - repair or replace
How should I prune weeping willow?
How do you know when a tree has died?
What plant is this? It&#39;s definitely not a cactus
What&#39;s the best N-P-K ratio for Norfolk Island Pine?
Red, white and blue varieties for a medium pot in full sun
Plant identification
What is this spiky-leaved plant with short lived yellow flowers?
Does an Eastern Redbud tolerate partial shade?
What is the best time to water the garden?
A fungus was growing before my eyes when I was weeding. What was it?
How long does Spinach produce?
How can I discourage venomous snakes from living in my property?
How long does it take a mock-orange bush to flower?
Why has my cactus yellowed and softened, and how can I help it live?
My tree has root damage: how can I save it?
Can I grow chestnuts or hazelnuts indoors? If yes, how?
Can I save a jade from root rot?
Does bonemeal promote bigger and stronger plants through root growth?
Are there any issues with using an on ground sprinkler system with impact sprinklers?
Why does my plum tree never come into fruit?
What are these red bumps on my cherry tree stems?
Is there a plant which can withstand heat up to 40 degree Celsius?
Can pak choi be re-grown?
Do some phalaenopsis have naturally weak blooms?
What are inexpensive materials for homemade tomato cages?
What are these white bugs on my tomatoes?
Are volunteer gooseberry bushes worth saving?
Can I plant this mango seed
What are the optimal N-P-K levels for fertilizing potatoes?
What is this plant with broad, heart-shaped leaves and red veins?
Where can I find a &quot;bee melon&quot;?
What should I do with a wind-harmed tree that will not regrow leaves?
How can I get a map of my plot of land for planning purposes?
What is this shrub with fan shaped toothed leaves and small white blooms, and what are these small bugs?
What is a safe proximity for a Boxwood hedge to a paver walkway?
How should I prune my Cussonia Bonsai?
Which of these, if any, are poison ivy?
What is this tree seedling (White Oak, something else?) from Piedmont Region, MD?
What are these black bugs on my zucchini plant?
How can I get rid of rabbits in my yard?
How can I get rid of gophers in a non-lethal way?
How can I keep birds away from seed onions?
What should I do to make my strawberry a perennial?
What landscaping and erosion control ideas can I use on a hillside with sandy soil?
Can I water plants with spoiled wine?
Pruning a mimosa
Can I move a self-seeded oak tree into a pot to keep it small?
Sub-irrigation planter bucket setup
subdividing and repotting drosera/sundew
How is natural stone sold and what should I know?
Can the top of a tree be trained to form an espalier-line?
How Can I Get a Watertight Seal on my Drip System?
Does this tomato plant look alright?
What&#39;s killing my evergreens?
What conditions cause trunk sprouts on oak trees?
What is short litter and how is it made?
Should I remove tomato &quot;side shoots&quot; growing from cotyledons?
How do I prevent Ficus tree roots from invading other areas?
Identity of this northern California perennial
Are ants/flies a threat to a raspberry bush?
How do I treat a rose tree that appears to be in shock but still has rose hips and has plenty of root suckers?
Why are lots of bubbles coming out of a freshly cut lotus stem?
Is there a drinksafe Y-connector for garden hoses?
Is there a clean alternative to top soil as lawn topdressing?
What is this dark purple discoloration on my Apache Blackberry?
Is there any replacement for the privacy that the thick undergrowth in woods provide?
Why did my pepper plants suddenly shrivel?
Help identifying vine in orchid
Can I tilt a plant when transplanting it from a pot to the ground?
Lack of Blossom and Fruit on my Plum Tree!
Ants in my garden: good or bad?
How do you safely and effectively stop a cat from pooping in your yard?
Repotting diseased chilli plants - possibly rust
Can I cut off exposed tree roots without harming the tree?
Should I use tap water for my Aloe and Lucky Bamboo?
How often should you mow a growing lawn?
Benefits of dethaching your lawn
Is this yellow flower I saw in Patagonia Calceolaria Uniflora?
Why is it called landscaping?
Can I use a HVLP spray gun to spray weed killer?
Green long caterpiller like bugs [pics included] on my Cassia fistula
How to block line of sight while vines grow?
Should I replace the soil every year in a raised bed that&#39;s on top of concrete?
Low maintenance plant choices for apartment (indoor) living?
How to deal with suckers on a Bradford Pear Tree?
Managing weeds around fruit trees
Trouble with old ornamental orange tree
Seedling selection and germination time
What plant will grow to about 3&#39; in the shade from a pepper tree and oleanders?
Is staking young trees helpful or harmful?
How do I stop the leaves from curling on my Stromanthe &quot;Burle Marx&quot;?
Hardening off cucumbers - will they be OK in 50&#186;F (10&#186;C)?
Please suggest an apple variety that will grow well in Long Island NY without pesticides
Why are my Coleus plants wilting?
What should I consider when putting raised garden beds on concrete?
Is it OK that the polyethylene sheeting for our greenhouse is opaque, not clear?
Why is my Swiss chard suddenly wilting?
Why does my mint have dry, brown or black leaves and stems that are falling over?
Is it safe to use silicone spray on sprinkler heads that do not retract?
What is this thick-stemmed houseplant with variegated leaves?
Would this citrus fertilizer be suitable for chili peppers?
What are the limits to growing plants hydroponically?
PC controlled irrigation system
What is this long-rooted vine in my yard?
Applied moss killer but changed my mind - how to undo?
What is the best frequency to fertilize fruit trees?
Should I treat freshly cut tree branches before using them as trellises?
Why is the lower leaf wilted on all of these plants? Should I remove them?
Square foot garden companion planting - in occupied squares or not?
What is eating my orange trees?
How should I start feeding an indoor plant after over a year&#39;s break?
How do string trimmer accessories compare to dedicated tools
Does soil need sunlight?
How do I get rid of worm-like trails all over my Senetti plants&#39; leaves?
How should I stabilize a tree with a malformed root ball?
What is this plant with variegated trifoliate leaves?
What is causing the yellowing on my English Ivy&#39;s leaves?
Where does the carbon that makes up a plant come from?
What can I do to grow larger green onions?
How can I pump water from a rain barrel to my balcony?
What is this purple dried flower?
What is the effectiveness of using companion plants for pest control?
Is it okay to top a redwood tree?
Why is the soil shrinking in my backyard?
How should I prune an overgrown peach tree?
How soon can I start training or pruning a seedling?
Why are the leaves on my chilli plant turning &#39;silver&#39;?
Why is my Mulberry bush flowering later than all my other trees?
What&#39;s the purpose of mixing native soil with store bought soil?
What are some resources for region-dependent planting schedule/calender?
Is charcoal good for use as a soil amendment?
Is this deciduous shrub with leathery green leaves in Northern England, some sort of cotoneaster?
What are the best lawn dethatching tools?
What is a good ground cover for street frontage instead of lawn?
What is this plant found in the UK with green and white leaves with purple flowers?
Which inks which can safely be added to vermicompost bins?
What are these little green bugs on the roots of indoor plants?
What are some good herbs to grow (pair) with tomatoes?
What is the usage of French Lavender ( lavandula dentata )?
What is a good variety of pomegranate to grow in Pennsylvania (US Hardiness Zone 6b/7a)?
What is a good Plum tree that is self-fertile, disease-resistant and a heavy cropper?
How should I improve my extremely clayey soil?
If I fix some drainage for my waterlogged pumpkin, will they revive?
How should I speed up the decomposition of sickly sweet smelling giant compost heap?
What are some tips on growing plants indoors with cats?
Is it really necessary to rotate runner beans?
Should raspberries &amp; boysenberries be pruned in early summer?
Why is my flowering crab stunted?
What are some good cheap self-watering containers?
How should a long neglected grape-vine be pruned?
How can I effectively grow strawberries in my borders without weeds suffocating them?
Why do all my strawberries become moldy?
Why hasn&#39;t my strawberry plant produced any fruit?
How should I repot these overgrown and delicate plants?
What is a recipe for a long-lasting, fast draining container soil mix with good aeration?
Do clovers cause any problems?
What is the best method for trellising green beans?
My lawn is full of wild strawberries. What else can thrive in my soil?
Do peat pots slow down the development of seedlings?
What is this grass that supports all weather types, doesn&#39;t invade and prevents bad plants from sprouting?
What vegetables will grow well in limited sunlight?
What are some good tree suggestions for providing some shade for the house (Seattle, WA)?
Why aren&#39;t my fruit/nut trees flowering?
Is it okay to leave peat moss out from a soil-less mix recipe?
What size of plant pot should I be using for young chili plants?
How can I speed up germination of habanero chili pepper?
Why aren&#39;t my gooseberries thriving?
Why are my courgettes enormous, and my pumpkins puny?
What are some tips on planting large plants?
How can I remove a bush whose roots are breaking concrete?
How can I drain lawn with very little slope?
How should I prune lemon trees?
Should I replant same year onion sets?
How are root vegetables grown in hot climates?
Do I need to manage my tomato cage?
What&#39;s a good selective herbicide?
What are these cracks on the bottom sides of my tomatoes?
What is this Vine-type plant growing on my Jacaranda tree?
How should I calculate row spacing with different varieties?
How should young honey locust trees be pruned?
Is this beetle on my apricot tree a pest?
Can cereal boxes be used for mulch?
How can I keep mockingbirds off potted plants (ornamental peppers)?
What is the risk of soil contamination via leaf mulch/compost?
How can I maintain a permanent shade lawn?
How should a forced Hyacinth bulb be cared for after flowering?
Will this pepper seedling survive being spilled from it&#39;s pot?
Pine tree spitting something when I get close
Where can I get info on rescapeing my small backyard?
Can quick lawn grass seed be used for overseeding?
What is the name of this flowering tree?
Shrub and Flower recommendations for creek bank prone to flooding
Irrigation system not working
Mango seed growing, but not producing leaves
Why did my red bell pepper become tan colored?
Is this a type of swiss chard?
What purpose do joints serve on a dragon fruit (pitaya)?
white spots / wilting leaves on cucumber seedling transplants
How do you manage dying leaves on young plants?
What are the consequences of seeds sown outside of their depth specifications?
What is this plant with spikes of purple flowers?
Planting shrubs on a gently sloped landscape.
Is drainage important in Greenhouse beds?
What is this volunteer plant that resembles flat-leaf parsley?
Dwarf Alberta Spruce Winter Burn
How to be safely install light bulb for outdoor vegetable?
Building a DIY greenhouse  - where to start?
Can I use ragwort tansy as an alternative pest control?
Grapevine leaking water and white mucus
Should I repair 2005 John Deere or purchase a new mower?
Targeted Glyphosate use on hardy nettles
Lawn problem - seasonal grass, thatch, or something else?
Is this poison oak?
How do I work with soil that has a high clay content?
Can I fix clayey soil with hugel beds?
Do homemade paper pots for seedlings really work well?
Are the roots of cherry trees dangerous to house foundations?
Can red ants harm bell pepper plants?
What are these white streaks on my tomato plant?
What kind of trees can be kept in an apartment?
How to heal this needled plant?
Options for building a ramp on a steep hill
What would be a low- or no-irrigation lawn replacement for USDA zone 8B?
Tree ID question from Los Angeles County, California
What are these pests on my Cussonia Bonsai
How Far Back To Prune Frost-Damaged Gardenias?
Does dill negatively effect carrot growth?
Can I place plants in the ground in the original pots they came from the nursery in?
What could be the cause of rust spots and holes on leaves?
Are there any plants that glow in the dark?
Bonsai losing leaves
Are there any plants that give aroma day and night?
What color should a greenhouse be?
Advice for late tomato/pepper starts
Which side of a house will get the most sunlight?
What techniques can be used to manually sieve stones from the soil efficiently?
What is causing these dark spots on my bonsai tree?
Should I trim the flowers off a new blackcurrant bush?
Can I use weed killer to eliminate grass growing between my bulbs?
Can wild columbine and myrtle (Vinca minor) be planted together?
questions on deep root fertilization
Help me identify this plant
How can I make indoor composting a success?
Identification of fungus like fuzz on apple tree
Just transplated Zucchini and bean outside and noticing some white spots on leaves and brown stems
Is laying sod higher than existing lawn best practice?
How do I fix the worst lawn on the street?
How do I determine soil moisture based on information from online weather systems?
Can I use sweet potato leaves as a dynamic accumulator?
How much depth is needed for grass mats?
What is causing white spots on my Ginseng Ficus?
Identification of a plant
How can I remove a lily pollen stain from a hard surface?
Why are the lower leaves of my tropical Guava yellowing and dropping?
What are the pros and cons of rubber vs wood mulches?
Why has my cactus has turned red/ beige at its base?
How to get rid of Japanese knotweed (hogweed?)
What are the advantages of hydroponics?
What might be eating my seedlings (no sign of slugs or millipedes)?
How can I water the plants on my balcony without dripping water on my downstairs neighbor?
Tomato Disease treatment
Blocking Wind on a Rooftop Garden
How do I make Emerald Green Arborvitae grow as fast as biologically possible?
Are these cobwebs harmful?
What is this plant with waxy, variegated, 7&quot; by 4&quot; oval leaves?
Help identifying tropical[?] plant
How can I weed trim without damaging a fence?
Germination of Bassia/Kochia scoparia (burning bush)
Red blob on kesar mango tree (grown from seed in UK)
What is this succulent?
I do not want to mow the lawn, how can I have a lawn without having to mow?
Harvested cane with new growth?
How to get rid of crab grass and weeds from my lawn
How do I find out &amp; treat what is eating my hibiscus leaves
Are cherry leaves naturally droopy?
Can I use vermicomposting leachate to moisturize my worm bin?
How can I keep spiders out of the shed?
Identifying a Tree
Is tilling or turning the soil frequently beneficial to plant growth?
My Artichoke Flowered, Now What?
Can My Seedlings Be Saved?
Dealing with mealy bug infestation on jades
Two-dimensional plant spacing
Replacing a strimmer&#39;s nylon fibre line?
Oak tree - arborist says needs to be removed?
Can you identify this grub?
Can I wash my dog on my lawn without damaging the grass?
What is the difference between light and dark moonflower seeds?
Is there a difference between weed eater and trimmer?
What happens if I use fishing line in a grass trimmer?
Taming the jungle, power heads vs old fashioned &quot;weed eater&quot;
Are cordless electric string trimmers &quot;good enough&quot; for a medium sized yard?
Can a string trimmer be used for a whole yard or thick grass?
Night-blooming Jasmine (cestrum nocturnum) leaves are being eatin by something!
What&#39;s the best way to remove 2-6 inches of dirt from my yard?
What vegetables/seeds/fruits at the grocery store can be viably replanted?
Can anyone identify this plant found in a rooftop garden?
root cut off from large tree
What can I use a bag of sterilised loam for?
What is this plant with purple daisy-like flowers and what hardiness zones will it grow in?
Possible brussels sprout
Should I put wood mulch around my wooden fence?
What is happening to the leaves of my avocado?
which plants is it? small in size, long thin leaves
What are some non-sweet white corn varieties?
Lucky Bamboo stem sags but seems healthy, how do I fix this?
What kind of plants are suitable to grow in Sydney&#39;s North Shore?
Small aloe vera in small pot - will it get too big?
Should young citrus (kumquat) seedlings be kept under direct sunlight or indirect sunlight?
Can quinoa be grown in the UK?
Broken aloe plant
What is the shrubs which loses its brown bark every year?
Fixing leaks from drip irrigation compression fittings
What is the name of this seed/fruit?
What kind of flowering tree is this?
Is there a way to prune or train my tree to grow more horizontally?
How do I know it&#39;s time to transfer my citrus (kumquat) to a bigger flowerpot?
Peas as green manure
Peat Pellet Tomatoes: When to cut the weaklings?
Why seeds from the same citrus (kumquat) tree produce different sprouts?
Placement of a front yard raised vegetable garden
List of Native trees
When should Bee Balm bloom in Zone 6 (it did not bloom last year)?
What to do about squiggly white lines on artichoke leaves?
How can I keep squirrels from digging in my pots and gardens?
How to identify real holy basil?
One-off (organic?) aphids control
Does anyone know what types of fruit trees grow well in southern Missouri?
Why are my Aglaonema&#39;s leaves turning yellow rapidly?
Chainsaw 18&quot; that actually starts
Watering clover seeds
Is there a model out there for companion planting
Photometry and plant growth
How much UV light should I block when shading my greenhouse?
Madeira vine watering
Does pruning the tree slow root growth?
Can anyone identify this weed seen near Toronto?
House Plant identification
What are good plants for salty, sandy roadside conditions in Maine?
Does new lawn/sod need aeration?
Do strawberry runners start from age zero?
How do I predict a plant species&#39; water intake?
Why does my hardiness zone not match the historical weather?
Sprouting dried avocado pit
Can a single young bulb of cymbidium mini survive?
Could anyone identify this plant for me?
What do healthy red maple saplings look like?
Lemon tree leaf deformation
Is there fertilizer management web site available?
Can I grow a dwarf avocado tree in my climate?
How long can aloe last without water?
Choice between a cutting and an air layer
Are phytosanitary certificates needed to ship a plant within a state?
How can I really get rid of henbit?
Comparison of efficiency of different light colors / spectrums
Increase chances of good fruit from seed propagation
Please help identify weird tree?
How can I tell if my chilli plant is perennial?
Apple trees for an urban backyard
What is mulch and how does it work?
How long do amaryllis bulbs live?
Why didn&#39;t my amaryllis send up a flower stalk? Will it ever?
Why do all my chilli plants stop growing?
How do I stop palm trees from sprouting from the side?
Can I plant this rose shoot?
Can I drill drainage holes on the side of the container?
When should I hang my mason bee house?
Is Aloysia with brown spots drinkable?
Do violets die in closed space?
What kind of disease does my orange tree have?
Should I prune my Zucchini&#39;s flowers?
Does a cloche need to have sides?
Save Wisteria during Veranda renovation
Why is my lawn changing colors?
Relocated lime tree not doing well
Can you have too much drainage in a garden?
Do I need to buy a specialty bark medium to repot my orchid?
Can I plant heather under wisteria?
White pink leaves of Adenium? Albino?
Can anyone identify this abnormality that is on my dwarf citrus?
Any concerns on putting a garden bed over concrete?
Nutritional value of home-compostable plastic?
When to cut tip layered raspberry &amp; blackberry
Is it possible to grow bulb onions in a container garden?
Best way to repair a soaker hose?
How do I prune cucumbers?
How do I set up a roof top garden in a tropical climate?
Plants growth rate
Depth of containers for indoor gardens
Identify a doughnut-shaped free-spinning mower part
What is this thorny leafless tree with lumpy yellow fruit?
Can a plant be too mature to transplant?
Miracle Fruit grow rate
How do I get my Jade plant to grow again?
Papery lumps in avocado fruit
Why is triclopyr not available in California?
How do I eradicate morning glory?
How to prevent my Ficus plant from growing new branches low?
Raspberry disease
What should I do to care for a small olive tree in the winter (South Wales)?
How do I deal with &#39;compostable&#39; bags?
How deep are the roots of a Dwarf Southern Magnolia tree?
Transfering a plant to a larger pot
Root system of an evergreen tree
What is this tan dried wood on my citrus tree?
How do I grow root vegetables hydroponically?
How to prevent Sempervivum tectorum (Common Houseleek)  from growing in length and not width?
Any benefit to watering whole plant (leaves and all) instead of just the soil/roots?
How can I correct a nutrient excess in soil?
Getting tomatoes to grow
What should I do to encourage my Hyacinth to flower again?
Can woodpeckers damage a pecan tree enough that it won&#39;t produce?
What ingredients in milk make it a good fertilizer?
What happens if you don&#39;t use a trellis for berries?
Can I grow spider plants in coffee?
best control method for mealy bug on dwarf white pine
Does wrapping fruit increase its temperature?
Self Sustainable farm for Beginner
How do I know if an ash tree can be treated for emerald ash borer or needs to be removed?
Getting a grapefruit tree to bear fruit in Phoenix, AZ?
How do I grow Amaranth successfully without it becoming invasive?
Where can I get bindweed seeds?
How do I eliminate tomato cracking?
What is this plant with oval leaflets in a compound leaf?
What is this late-summer red flower?
Can I salvage an over-watered tomato plant?
Will removing the above-ground roots of an oak tree compromise its safety?
What are the odds of getting a shea tree to grow in South Carolina, USA?
What edible plants grow well in alkaline clay soils?
Is it possible to grow the corn kernels from commercial popcorn?
How can I grow ivy (or a bush or other plant) in my fireplace that is low-maintenance and bug-repellant?
Why use potting mix instead of natural soil?
Identity of this plant (yellow snap-dragon looking flower)
Moving your Arum Lilies
Why does my cilantro have thin leaves? Why is my parsley not growing? When will they be ready for harvest?
Corkscrew Swamp Sanctuary plant ID query
How do roots absorb oxygen in hyrdroculture/hydroponics?
Tomato plant flowering but falling before fruiting
Is a full spectrum 380-840nm white phosphor LED suitable for growing plants?
What is this leaf vegetable with red veins and leaf tips?
What is this tree with pointed bumps on its bark?
Is the calcium deposit in my kettle utilized?
Organic method of helping a Manganese deficient lemon tree
How to get proper drainage in a pot with a built-in saucer?
Can Physalis be propagated in any way other than seed?
New lawn infested with moles
Are these Golden Pothos roots overwatered?
My Lawn Keeps Dying
How to fill low spots over existing grass in my yard?
Should I compost my leaves separate from my vegetable kitchen waste?
Plant identification keys dataset
Leaving tomato roots in the ground
How do germinate the seed of a coffee plant?
Removing weeds from brick patio
Portable Soil and Compost Testing Kit
Does urinating at the base of a tree help it grow?
Raising soil level around tree
Golden Pothos Leaves Are Regularly Dying
How to prune an overgrown (and now flowering) Dracaena?
Why are holes and divots typically filled with a sand mix?
How to improve coral atoll &quot;soils&quot;
What should I do about a Tillandsia cyanea with accidentally removed roots?
Is there any reason not to add commercially produced flowers to compost?
Does working leftover grass into your soil do anything?
What tools are available to deal with fallen cacti and cactus pieces?
Office Gardening
How often do you need to turn the compost heap?
Pruning an Avocado Plant/Tree
Do I need an extra filter for aquaponics
How can I grow edible plants for a reptile in the reptile&#39;s tank?
Why won&#39;t my venus fly trap eat?
How should I properly prepare a raised bed vegetable garden?
New construction, rough top soil spread, how to flatten it?
What is the relation between number of fish and number of plants in aquaponics
How do I quickly remove crabgrass without too much manual labour?
How do I use tree roots as a landscaping feature?
Top Dressing: When and How
What is this plant with thin green stems and little yellow flowers?
Pruning this grape vine during summer
Crabgrass or thatch?
Is there an easier way to aerate my compost besides turning it?
How much time do tomatoes take to ripen?
Identification of apparent solanum species
How do I keep opossums away from my lawn?
Can I grow coffee plants in my garden?
Which end is up when planting a mango seed?
Is this mint fungus, or over/under watering my plant?
My habeneros have shrunk over winter!
Pruning of apple tree
I&#39;ve found about 40 kilograms of beige powder labelled &quot;Green Salt&quot; - what is it?
What could cause my coriander plant to start browning?
What should I do to rescue grass from a petrol spill?
Why has our lucky bamboo turned yellow?
Basement hydro or aquaponics?
Should I prune apple/ pear/ nashi tree runners in early summer?
Identify this long leaved plant having big orange flowers
What could be causing my blueberries to have a funny taste?
What are the rocks called they use in hydroponic / aquaponic growing containers?
Winter Watering time of day? At what temperature do I cover any of the plants with plastic tarp?
When and how should I harvest galangal?
How long does it take for the compost to ripen?
Chamomile lawn feed &amp; winter care
What to do with Autumn sown peas now they&#39;re showing?
Neem oil: how toxic is it (seeking proof)?
What are the best components for producing compost which supply maximum nutrients?
Where&#39;d the worms go?
My indoor plant has an orange mold-like substance growing on it and has tiny white bugs. How can I remove it?
Does anyone know of a somewhat comprehensive plant database available online?
Why are there three guava trees grown within inches of each other?
How do I cultivate ginger from a piece of root?
Soil insects in potted gardenia
What is the average lifespan of most maple trees?
What kind of land and weather is required to cultivate apples?
Concise database/reference for vegetable gardening?
How to grow plants from the aster/daisy/sunflower family? (by example of Launaea Arborescens)
Can you grow plant roots in fish tank?
Best gardening activities for Autumn in Bay Area
Gardening / Growing Vegetables in raised metal containers
What exactly happens to potting soil if it is stored for a long period of time?
Why do plants root when placed in water, but die in standing water
Does a birch clump need to be trained?
Identify this Insect or Fungus. Possible Scale
How can I clean yard equipment that has come into contact with poison ivy?
Chilli Plant Bugs/Brown-Purple Staining
What is the type of moss that commonly grows in dirt, trees, and bricks?
When and how should I move deciduous ferns?
Why are my Green Chillies Turning Red
Was my rosemary burnt by nitrogen, or something else?
When should I prune my Fig Tree?
Why is my chili plant drying out when the soil is moist?
What would be a beautiful house plant suited to the Atlantic winter?
How far do you dig from a maple tree so as not to cause damage to the tree?
Can someone identify this bean vine?
How can I preserve and propagate a color sport in my dahlias?
How does Guano improve plant life?
Does it make sense to chop up dead branches and leaves for use as fertilizer?
What is the treatment done to so-called prepared / treated hyacinth-bulbs for forcing in pots?
How can I tell if a seed coating contains pesticides or fungicides?
What can I plant in dry shade at the base of a deciduous hedge?
Why doesn&#39;t my fig tree produce fruit?
What is causing thin asparagus spears?
Identify this seed pod
Can tiny fruit bearing trees be grown in flower pots?
What fruit trees are suitable for growing in containers in a subtropical zone?
Can garlic grow without soil?
Do I need to winterize my large rain cistern, and if so when?
What nutrient solution is best for hydroponic basil?
Meshed-hole Direct Composting design - please comment, suggest changes, advise
Would placing a small shed inside the drip line of a cedar hurt it?
Drought-tolerant grass for sunny, wet Texas clay
Seeds not germinating
What kind of soil do potted sensitivity plants need?
What are the black flying things and why do the leaves look like this?
How to handle this chili plant?
Brown turkey fig dormancy time
Remove beautiful Weeping Willow or grind the roots?
Cause of plants dying
When to cut roses?
Will my Aloe vera plant survive after all of the leaves broke off?
Can I save my damaged Aloe vera plant?
Is there a creeping plant that will absorb pollen, dust and pollutants?
What&#39;s wrong with my chili bush?
What is happening to my chilli plant? How can I help it?
Palm potted in unusual soil - should I leave it that way, or change it to generic pot plant soil?
What is wrong with my lemon tree?
Does mixing ash with your potting soil make a difference?
Is a 25cm by 40cm nursery bag big enough for a tomato plant?
What is this flowering shrub from Algonquin Park?
How to remedy die-off of lower and middle branches on my plum tree?
Are (water) re-grown spring onions worth it?
Do porch lights affect how grass grows?
Can apples fruit every other year?
How can I propagate mint?
How do companies produce seeds for hybrid plants?
Can you propagate a bamboo plant from cuttings?
Are ants damaging pot plants? If they are, how badly?
What causes black spots on my apples?
Why did my jalape&#241;os turn black?
Lawn repair / treatment ahead of spring?
How to make a bonsai into cascade style
Is it too late to dethatch my lawn?
Why is my Ficus loosing its leaves?
Our cat is digging up our lawn
What plant is this: yellow/orange berries
How to get rid of bermuda grass without using chemicals
What are the black spots on my basil&#39;s leaves?
Why did our cactus die?
Control aphids on a linden tree
Why is my bonsai losing brown/yellow leaves and developing white dots
What Are The Fastest Vegetables to Grow
Are my peppers underripe or just a different variety?
Why isn&#39;t my lemon tree growing?
What do I use to fill in low spots in my yard?
How do I remove the weeds and lay the lawn
Should I prune my Autumn-fruiting raspberries?
How often can you produce cuttings from mint?
Propagate an apple tree
What is this 4&quot; to 5&quot; long, light red chili?
identify the type of cactus
Can I move a 13 year old Wisteria from the ground to a container?
caterpillar identification and eradication
Is my tree too close to my house?
my lawn has been over taken by weeds
What is this plant with the prune tree?
When to use grass seed vs. &quot;weed and feed&quot;
The benefits of coir for pot plants?
Is light direction or proximity more important when considering indoor natural light for plants?
How do I get rid of white flies on my basil?
Can i use a bokashi system to make mushroom compost?
Planted plum seeds, now what?
Can anyone help in identifying this plant that I bought some days ago?
How to save my plants after fertilizer overdose
What is this plant that closes its leaves when you touch it?
Why can&#39;t I  get reticulation to work in spring?
What Should I look (out) for when purchasing a hydrangea plant?
How can I remove dirt that has blown into my landscaping rock?
What would grow well under a trampoline?
My tree is a wasp magnet, what can I do to get rid of them?
Is it normal for an Aloe vera to become spidery after blooming?
What is the right way to pick peppers so the plant keeps producing?
Is there any way to know what you&#39;re getting when you plant seeds collected from hybrid plants?
Improving heat retention and light availability of coldframes
What are the ideal conditions for Lobelia cardinalis
Cucumber plants are healthy, but wilt badly in hot sun, then recover
How to eradicate Berberis growing in a Thuja hedge?
What is the name of this big tree?
Is it possible to use micro-sprinklers to irrigate the lawn?
What&#39;s digging holes in my indoor potted plants?
Chlorine vs Chloramine: Both harmful?
How long to leave wrap around major tree repair?
How long does chemically fertilized grass remain poisonous?
How to get rid of Smilax aspera
Need some help identifying a plum tree
Are chemical fertilizers poisonous to people or animals?
Why are my plants doing badly for the 2nd year in a row?
Combining drip irrigation with small shrub/lawn sprinklers
What thickness of twinwall polycarbonate should I use for my greenhouse?
Peaches, plums, and brown rot
Common causes of burnt tips on herbs
Would a forsythia at edge of kitchen garden cause problems?
What is the right time to water my lawn?
My avocado trees are having a really hard time
How do I prepare and sow a lawn organically?
How much ash can I use on a lawn?
Tree growing back after being cut down
Cutting Back Leggy French Lavender
Mint leaves yellow after transplant
Should a citrus tree growing very close to the house be killed?
How to automatically vent a cold frame during the Winter?
A visual reference to nutrient deficiencies in plants
Is it possible to grow a mango plant in the Phoenix climate?
How do I repair my lawn this late in the year?
Hard potatoes harvested
When should I plant my grape?
Mystery in Pennsylvania garden
How do I remove dandelions and bull thistle from my lawn?
How to deal with invasive Ailanthus (Tree of Heaven)
What is this shrub and has it come back from the dead?
Improving water retention in potted plants
What can I use sawdust for in a garden?
Painting concrete pots to help conserve water
Desalinating plants (the botanical kind) which create fresh water
What is acid soil?
Are antibiotics helpful when propagating a plant
What is the best way to sow grass seed in high rainfall areas?
Is this Schefflera overwatered?
What&#39;s the next action I should take with this rootbound plant?
How to grow Trailing Rosemary as a ground cover in very heavy clay?
Lots of grasshoppers in the backyard
Which is preferred: worm castings or worm casting tea?
How do I eradicate Mint
What is this weed and how can I kill it?
What is the easiest way to get started with Bokashi (japanese &quot;fermenting&quot; composting)?
What&#39;s eating this Weigela Shrub?
What is wrong with my Bing cherry tree?
Do I need to disinfect my trellis?
Is it necessary to purchase seed potatoes?
Why is my cactus purple?
Bonsai Leaves on new shoots rather than existing branches
Good soil mix for bonsai?
Will removing flowers at the end of the season make peppers ripen faster?
Clearing composted matter from weed seeds by using heat
Ideas for a good green mulch for a shady area?
Will mint die if planted within a month of early frost?
What are these black spots on my rose tree?
How Can I remove leaf eater insect from the lemon plant
How do I keep my compost bin from breeding bugs?
Why does my blueberry bush have brown/scorched leaves?
Is it common to only sod a portion of a lawn?
Does soap mixed with water kill plants??
What is this growing in my lawn?
How to halt the growth but leave the tree?
How do I go about planning the layout of a sprinkler network for my lawn?
What is the best way to identify a Saintpaulia (African violet)?
Epipremnum Aureum clone has brown roots
How do I setup my drip irrigation head assembly if my hose bibb is too low to the ground?
What is this black spotted disease on my orange tree?
Why are my tomato fruits developing black, mushy spots before they can ripen?
Turn existing asparagus bed into raised bed
How can someone minimize negative health effects from using a lawnmower?
Can someone help me identify this bush?
Book to understand how plants work
Japanese box hedge failing to thrive. What to do?
Help identifying a tree in Southwest Florida
Can blueberries be grown in a raised garden bed?
What should I do with yarrow once it has stopped blooming?
How can stop my sprinklers from spraying the house after replacing house main?
What products should I fill raised garden beds with?
Is there anything I should avoid putting in compost that I am going to use for blueberries?
Does Arugula/rocket flowering mean the plant&#39;s crop season is over?
What can be planted at this time of year in a greenhouse (in the UK)?
Yellowing leaves on some hibiscus plants
What is this plant with long thin leaves with serrated edges and spikes of pink flowers?
Is a 3 foot wide raised bed versatile enough?
New construction, horrible lawn
Closed bin compost collecting water at the bottom
Identification and Removal of Rogue Plant
Is it normal for Pak Choi (Bok Choy) seedlings to come up so varied in colour and leaf shape?
What should I do with Hostas planted in heavy clay soil?
Irrigation timer with setable delay before start
What Central or North American region is suitable to the most diverse variety of edible plants?
Family pool on lawn all summer - what can I do to help the grass underneath recover?
Nutsedge nightmare. Is there an organic solution that will rid my lawn of ever spreading nutsedge?
Is something wrong with my zucchini plant?
Why won&#39;t my mulberry tree set fruit?
What should I do about standing water in potted plant?
Should eggplants be caged?
A fire burnt my Leylandii hedge, what should I do?
Does grass absorb juglone from black walnut trees?
Do I always use the thickest possible line in grass trimmer?
Do I need to leave space at the base of a plant so that air can get into the soil?
Is green tissue in the center of cherry tomatoes related to &#39;Yellow Shoulder Disorder&#39;?
Should I clear my plants of cobwebs?
What are some reasons that our apple tree has no apples?
Is this chili plant dead?
What are the best conditions for basil?
How can I kill or remove insects from cut flowers that I bring inside?
How to get more tomatoes in single tree?
Should we add gravel to the cacti soil mix for succulent?
What are these white arthropods infesting my succulents?
Leaves seem burnt
How much water does a grape vine need?
Is it possible to cultivate grape in rainy weather?
How Do I Determine The Best Watering Schedule For My Lawn?
How do I prune long neglected grape vines?
How can I determine when to pick a cucumber that is spiny?
Should I till the area around the house where I&#39;m going to relandscape?
Does it look like a vine borer caused this damage to my zucchini?
What is this furry, prickly leafed plant, found in the UK?
Weeds, Grass, Soil: What to fix first?
Vine-like weed growth with lilac flowers and small reddish fruit
How do properly I plant small shrubs or flowers from a bucket?
Tree roots are removing the tiles of my flooring. What to do?
How to maintain PH level 4.0-6.0 to avoid root disease in pepper cultivation?
Is this plant really holy basil?
Schefflera arboricola , seems to be withering and dying, help!
How can I remove the moss growing on my lawn?
Is throwing grass seed without dirt enough?
Can Ranunculus bulbs be re-used in cold climates?
How should I prune my vine tomatoes?
Why does my lime tree drop its fruit early?
Adding clay soil to compost
Effective weed elimination along paved driveway
Toro lawnmower won&#39;t start
What are these little plants with round leaves, growing in my potting soil?
Venus Flytrap Won&#39;t Close on Flies......?
Why are my carrots white?
Which tomato variety is this?
What&#39;s the best mulch material for a vegetable garden?
Is there a tree database or tree suggestion engine out there?
What is causing my Gladiolus blooms to open withered?
What type of gloves should be worn when dealing with cacti?
Should I trim my conifer hedge with shears or an electric trimmer?
What bamboo species for a container-bound green wall?
What kind of bug is this &amp; does it eat aphids?
How do I kill mile-a-minute weed?
Is excess leaf growth on cauliflower, broccoli and cabbage a bad thing?
What are these weird lumps on this spruce tree?
Are there benefits to changing the direction you mow a lawn?
Do I need to re-test for radon after landscaping?
Looking for an small indoor desk plant
In the southern US, what are the advantages of Saint Augustine grass?
Why should I leave my coriander seeds on the plant to dry before harvesting?
How to recover a weeping silver birch that&#39;s growing straight
What is pulling up tufts of grass all over my lawn?
How to overwinter potted rose-cuttings?
How can I prevent squirrels (or other small mammals) from eating my tomatoes?
Watering of tomato plants with plastic bottles
Finding a woodshark sub model number
What combination of herbs are good to plant in the same window box?
Tomato stems mysteriously cut above the fruit
Vine-like plant that eventually melds with others of its kind?
Should I compost bindweed leaves?
How do I treat the survived parts of a cactus after some of it has rotten to prevent the problem spreading?
Can plants be grown succesfully from the seeds in a kitchen cupboard?
Can I build a raised bed from cinder blocks without using mortar?
What are these red &quot;quills&quot; on my willow tree?
Can someone identify this plant please
Burnt Almond tree?
Compost pile and bugs (2 questions)
How can I connect a hose to this tap adapter?
What is this vine (with purple flowers), and can I transplant/spread it?
Fig Tree Roots - Far Northern Edge of Range
Why does sedum turn red? Should I do something about it?
Could rain barrels be considered suitable substitutes for rain gardens?
How do I make the water reach the roots on a PVC aquaponics system?
Using a collecting hover mower without the collector
Growing Cape Gooseberries in Brisbane, Australia
Are my autumn blaze maple trees dying?
Did this saucer magnolia likely suffer a mortal wound?
what are effective, non-chemical, ways to control japanese beetles?
Why are leaves falling off of my Prickly Pear cactus?
Should I cut back hibiscus/rose mallow for winter in Minnesota?
Bonsai identification and pruning tips
&quot;Composting&quot; Temperature(s)
How do I water my full grown cherry tree?
Can blueberries and raspberries be planted near each other?
What care does yucca need outdoors in New Hampshire?
Drip irrigation for farming tomatoes?
What&#39;s the name of this common houseplant?
help me identify this plant?
Why are my pitcher plant&#39;s leaves turning brown on the ends?
Why are my chilli pepper leaves curling and new flowers are falling off?
Growing in the Tropics
Starting tomato from seed
Plants like chimney sprouting in Iran - what are they?
Uncommon Plants in Northern Argentina (Misiones)
How do I deter a pesky groundhog from eating my vegetables?
What are and how to prevent these maggots in my lovage?
Is this an elder or what is the shrub with red berries?
Brussel sprouts pest
Forcing a clover takeover of my lawn
How do I keep mosquitos out of my fountain?
Are there some plant-based erosion control ground cover options for Pacific Northwest US?
Overseeding in Fall without Irrigation
How do I avoid overfilling raised beds if I&#39;m adding substantial manure annually?
What is the optimal cutting height for a reel mower?
Killing weeds with vinegar/soap solution
Mycorrhizae Innoculant. When/where/on what do I use this?
Where and when to pinch back for bushy basil
What is this drain hole in my lawn?
Advice with laying a lawn please
How do I get rid of Crab grass in an over grown garden that will be a veggie garden next season?
What is the disease or organism that is causing this issue with my raspberry plants?
Am I doing the right thing with my chilli plants?
How much to remove when trimming dead leaves on a squash plant?
Are all my praying mantis dead?
How much water is lost in watering your lawn during the day?
Keeping mulch from washing off of banks and steep inclines
What gauge wire should I train my bonsai branches with?
Does a compost heap benefit from being on clear soil vs solid ground?
Nutrition for a Navel Orange
Can anyone identify this vine?
How do I grow cilantro in USDA Zone 6?
What to look for in a robotic lawnmower?
Simple DIY Sprinkler Sets: A bad idea?
How much should I water my cherry tree sapling?
Is Imidan and/or Captan on fruit trees resilient to rain?
Water soluble fertilizer
Having a wizened tree indoor
Who owns taking care of neighbor&#39;s lawn creepage?
Is it safe to use bleach around the yard?
What is this cauliflower-like vegetable?
Installing bamboo fencing
What is this plant that resembles tomato and has small dark fruit?
When is it ok to prune an overgrown apple tree?
Japanese Maple soil level increase
Soil of a potted plant is holding water. Should I loosen it?
How can I amend clay soil with soil, without digging?
Small orange blobs on surface of compost
What is this plant? What is the white stuff on it?
Am I overwatering this unidentified (jade) plant?
Is there a particular term for &#39;large bonsai&#39;?
Is a juniper suitable as an indoor bonsai?
What determines the year-to-year growth in girth of any particular tree?
What kind of plant is used for this bonsai?
Control of Boxwood Psyllids
Why won&#39;t my new Venus fly trap trap anything?
Shade-tolerant climbers?
How much wilting can tomato plants handle
Is High-Intensity Discharge (HID) lighting better overall than Compact Fluoresent Lighting (CFL)?
Why my tomato plants grows so slowly?
Can I make my Jade plant grow faster?
What light cycle should I use to grow herbs indoors?
What kind of light is needed for moss and ferns?
What kind of a grow lamp can I use in my apartment?
Are household LED bulbs suitable as supplemental light for plants?
What is a good method for transplanting an established gooseberry bush?
How viable will 5 year old or 25 year old bush bean seeds be?
What are some reasons why a blueberry bush&#39;s leaves turn yellow?
Discolouration on Bay laurus leaves
How to empty and fill a man made pond?
Is this plant Giant Hogweed?
Ash OR Composting?
Why are my raspberry&#39;s leaves curling up?
Do I need to line my wooden compost bin?
Can you put corn cobs in a compost bin?
Are teabags okay in a compost bin?
My first strawberries of the season are not very flavorful
Holes in leaves of Yoshino Cherry
Control greenfly on strawberries
Is Rose Clear safe to use on Clematis?
Is it a problem that the stems of my mint cuttings are curling?
Sowing cucumbers, do I really have to place the seed on its side and cover in clingfilm?
Adding dirt/soil to a compost bin?
Are there any ways to cut back sea buckthorn, other than brute force?
Are these weeds or plants?
Royal Frost Birch Leaves
How can I control thistle in a lawn?
How to reseed my lawn?
Will indoor-grown strawberries flower multiple times, if grown all year long?
How to prune my sad rhododendron?
Textured leafy green in garden
Why are my jalapenos turning brown?
Strawberry Plants from Home Depot not producing.
Care for young Raspberry plants
Will cutting a bolted lettuce plant allow it to regrow?
Why do I have standing water in the saucer after repotting my rubber plant?
Does Trimec kill grasses (fescue)
Why have some of the leaves on my cherry tree sapling suddenly gone very pale?
Why is my Norfolk Island pine not doing well?
What are some sustainable alternatives to peat for potting compost?
Should I worry about cross-pollination from the sterile comfrey cultivar, &quot;Bocking 14&quot;?
Removing concrete border around stone patio
What kind of mower should I get for a &#190;-acre lawn?
What is this plant and does it require a lot of sunshine?
Why are my hydroponic peas wilting right after planting?
Fish fertilizer for my lawn
What is this small pink-flowered shrub?
Small tomato plants have purplish stems
Is harvesting purple potatoes any different than white potatoes?
Will Porcini mushrooms grow under a maple tree?
Help identifying plant (supposed to be radicchio) and advice what to do with it
Are ants in my raspberry flowers beneficial or harmful?
Would more concentrated solutions of soybean oil be better for insect control?
What&#39;s causing the bark on my maple sapling to split?
Is there a grassy plant that&#39;s unattractive to livestock without being poisonous?
What is this plant with thin leaves and a swollen woody stem?
What varieties of plum tree produce small green plums?
Two-stroke engine not starting
Hot composting dock roots
Why have my lemon seedlings stopped growing and turned yellow?
How to propagate Norfolk Island pine and asparagus fern ?
How do I control the broadleaf weeds taking over my centipedegrass lawn?
Can I save frost damaged tomatoes?
Are garden gnomes and similar decorations safe to install indoors?
Why does my Passion Fruit Creeper grow best in autumn and early winter?
Is adding a surfactant causing my herbicide to solidify?
How do you know if you are watering a plant too much vs. too little?
Do I have a diseased clematis?
Can we plant grass over canvas weed deterrent?
Two stroke engine throttle not working
Is this normal for a push reel mower?
Is it really important to give blueberry plants acidic soil?
At what point is a leaf dead?
Identify a plant with a thick trunk, leaves have dark green line down the center
Does a painted lawnmower blade need any care before installing?
What causes spruce branches to drop their needles?
Are there any fungal or plant counters to Juglone (walnut allelopathy)?
What is the name of this plant which has roots on its stem?
What is the effect of candling pine evergreens?
Little white stones appearing in the soil of my plants
How to safely distribute closely growing chili pepper seedlings around a bigger pot?
Ant colony in my compost bin: are they beneficial?
Why do my upside-down tomato plants curve up and break?
Second opinion: Arborist says tree needs to go
do &quot;real&quot; vegetable gardeners buy plants, or use seeds
Lawnmower cord won&#39;t pull
How often to water vegetables / herbs with garden hose?
Please shed light on argument about weeding
An evolution in grafting
How do I keep Grackle&#39;s from pooping on my lawn?
What to do once flowers have bloomed
proper drainage in aluminum foil dish, container
transplanting seedlings, why? why not put straight in ground?
How do I apply spent coffee grounds as a fertilizer?
Should I re-pot an Aloe vera when it is still blooming?
How to kill a butterfly bush
Snipping First Tomato Blossoms
What is an aggressive grass that will grow from seed in Maine?
What is your method of protecting evergreens in the winter time?
Relocating an apple tree - when should this be done?
Lawn Mower thinks blades are always on?
How can I stop a dead tree&#39;s roots from popping up in the grass?
How to trim spent flowers from a sun star (Ornithogalum dubium)?
Will a branch on a small tree always be at that same height?
Should I pinch early pear blossoms to encourage stronger tree and better season?
What options except cutting the tree down do I have if a fir tree is growing too high?
Can weeds be put into compost, or will they grow again when the compost is used?
What are the best conditions for basil?
How do you identify a plant?
Tips on lawn maintenance and weed control
Is it bad to water plants in the evening?
How do I apply spent coffee grounds as a fertilizer?
What factors affect the spiciness of jalape&#241;os?
How do you know if you are watering a plant too much vs. too little?
How long before poisons like Round-up become inert?
Crop rotation theory v. practice
How hot can my compost get?
How do I encourage lawn seeds to germinate successfully?
How often do you need to turn the compost heap?
Does unused compost keep on getting better and better?
How do you safely and effectively stop a cat from pooping in your yard?
How often should you mow a growing lawn?
How do I know when and how much to aerate my lawn?
How should I speed up the decomposition of sickly sweet smelling giant compost heap?
My lettuce is flowering - does that mean it has bolted?
What is an effective organic pesticide to use against aphids or cabbage loopers?
Is it possible to kill a large area of weeds organically/naturally?
Making a yard that&#39;s settled more level?
How do I work with soil that has a high clay content?
When should I pile more dirt onto a growing potato plant?
Can aloe be grown indoors with artificial light?
Is it safe to grow food plants near the road?
What is a good grass replacement plant?
What are some natural ways of killing ground ivy (creeping charlie)?
What are the (essential) Tools that every gardener should own?
Any benefit to watering whole plant (leaves and all) instead of just the soil/roots?
Why do people paint some tree trunks white at the bottom?
How do you prune a rose bush?
What are the criteria for picking out vegetables to grow together in &quot;Three Sisters&quot; garden?
How to prevent avocado from drying out indoors?
How do I grow a usable vegetable garden indoors?
Is it wise to reuse potting soil?
What is the best way to prevent animals from eating my garden without a fence?
What&#39;s an organic way to discourage crabgrass from a large &quot;lawn&quot;?
Why do my upside-down tomato plants curve up and break?
How can I revive a tree that&#39;s been stripped of bark?
How do I grow root vegetables in pots/grow-bags?
How do you discourage cilantro/coriander from bolting too quickly?
How should I prune my vine tomatoes?
What&#39;s the best mulch material for a vegetable garden?
What is an easy vegetable to grow in a hot, dry summer / cool, wet winter climate?
Ants in my garden: good or bad?
Is it OK to grow plants in clear (transparent) pots?
How do I get rid of white flies on my basil?
How do I compost a large pile of branches and heavy shrub clippings?
Ant colony in my compost bin: are they beneficial?
Which side of a house will get the most sunlight?
What is a fast-growing deciduous tree for shading house in summer? (Long Island, NY)
What are inexpensive materials for homemade tomato cages?
How can I control thistle in a lawn?
What is &quot;Compost Tea&quot; good for?
What gave my carrots &quot;legs&quot;?
What is the best organic way to defeat slugs?
Is it necessary to purchase seed potatoes?
How can I tell if a plant given to me is patented?
What vegetables can be grown effectively in a small, urban garden?
Does eating fruits and vegetables watered with greywater affect your health?
What plants will keep ladybugs happy?
How efficient are stump removal chemicals?
Why are pots typically wider at the top than at the bottom?
How do I keep an indoor plant hydrated while I&#39;m away?
How should I properly prepare a raised bed vegetable garden?
What food crops grow well in a hot/dry desert climate?
How does one determine when to pick corn?
My second year garlic has flowers. Is it safe to eat?
Is rain water better than tap water for plants?
How is an Avocado plant started?
Can my lawn be saved or is it time to dig it up and re-sod?
Which leaves should I  harvest in a mint plant?
What is a good alternative to pressure treated wood for raised beds?
Harvesting rhubarb
Does fruit on fruit trees need to be thinned?
Should I insulate my compost heap?
Onion seeds v. onion sets
What plants will deter mosquitoes?
What woods shouldn&#39;t be used for hugelkultur?
Why is it a problem to use manure as a fertilizing amendment over the long term?
How do I help my kitchen window herb garden thrive?
Do legumes provide nitrogen to their companions?
Nothing will grow where tree was
How long does it take for the compost to ripen?
How can I discourage ragweed from growing?
What actually occurs for manure to become considered &quot;well-rotted&quot;?
What is the name of this weed with red/green leaves and little white flowers?
What do purple tomato leaves mean?
How to keep chipmunks out of my garden?
What kind of plants will survive the heat from an air conditioner?
Will dumping paint destroy a nearby tree?
How can I correct a nutrient excess in soil?
How can I keep my compost wet?
What is a proper container to preserve seeds?
Can I harvest vegetable seeds and store for the next year?
How can I tell if my lawn needs to be dethatched?
Should I remove the dead flower heads from my hydrangea?
Low maintenance plant choices for apartment (indoor) living?
How large a cultivation area to feed one person?
Can weeds be put into compost, or will they grow again when the compost is used?
What are the best conditions for basil?
How do you identify a plant?
Tips on lawn maintenance and weed control
Is it bad to water plants in the evening?
How do I apply spent coffee grounds as a fertilizer?
What factors affect the spiciness of jalape&#241;os?
How do you know if you are watering a plant too much vs. too little?
How long before poisons like Round-up become inert?
Crop rotation theory v. practice
How hot can my compost get?
How do I encourage lawn seeds to germinate successfully?
How often do you need to turn the compost heap?
Does unused compost keep on getting better and better?
How do you safely and effectively stop a cat from pooping in your yard?
How often should you mow a growing lawn?
How do I know when and how much to aerate my lawn?
How should I speed up the decomposition of sickly sweet smelling giant compost heap?
My lettuce is flowering - does that mean it has bolted?
What is an effective organic pesticide to use against aphids or cabbage loopers?
Is it possible to kill a large area of weeds organically/naturally?
Making a yard that&#39;s settled more level?
How do I work with soil that has a high clay content?
When should I pile more dirt onto a growing potato plant?
Can aloe be grown indoors with artificial light?
Is it safe to grow food plants near the road?
What is a good grass replacement plant?
What are some natural ways of killing ground ivy (creeping charlie)?
What are the (essential) Tools that every gardener should own?
Any benefit to watering whole plant (leaves and all) instead of just the soil/roots?
Why do people paint some tree trunks white at the bottom?
How do you prune a rose bush?
What are the criteria for picking out vegetables to grow together in &quot;Three Sisters&quot; garden?
How to prevent avocado from drying out indoors?
How do I grow a usable vegetable garden indoors?
Is it wise to reuse potting soil?
What is the best way to prevent animals from eating my garden without a fence?
What&#39;s an organic way to discourage crabgrass from a large &quot;lawn&quot;?
Why do my upside-down tomato plants curve up and break?
How can I revive a tree that&#39;s been stripped of bark?
How do I grow root vegetables in pots/grow-bags?
How do you discourage cilantro/coriander from bolting too quickly?
How should I prune my vine tomatoes?
What&#39;s the best mulch material for a vegetable garden?
What is an easy vegetable to grow in a hot, dry summer / cool, wet winter climate?
Ants in my garden: good or bad?
Is it OK to grow plants in clear (transparent) pots?
How do I get rid of white flies on my basil?
How do I compost a large pile of branches and heavy shrub clippings?
Ant colony in my compost bin: are they beneficial?
Which side of a house will get the most sunlight?
What is a fast-growing deciduous tree for shading house in summer? (Long Island, NY)
What are inexpensive materials for homemade tomato cages?
How can I control thistle in a lawn?
What is &quot;Compost Tea&quot; good for?
What gave my carrots &quot;legs&quot;?
What is the best organic way to defeat slugs?
Is it necessary to purchase seed potatoes?
How can I tell if a plant given to me is patented?
What vegetables can be grown effectively in a small, urban garden?
Does eating fruits and vegetables watered with greywater affect your health?
What plants will keep ladybugs happy?
How efficient are stump removal chemicals?
Why are pots typically wider at the top than at the bottom?
How do I keep an indoor plant hydrated while I&#39;m away?
How should I properly prepare a raised bed vegetable garden?
What food crops grow well in a hot/dry desert climate?
How does one determine when to pick corn?
My second year garlic has flowers. Is it safe to eat?
Is rain water better than tap water for plants?
How is an Avocado plant started?
Can my lawn be saved or is it time to dig it up and re-sod?
Which leaves should I  harvest in a mint plant?
What is a good alternative to pressure treated wood for raised beds?
Harvesting rhubarb
Does fruit on fruit trees need to be thinned?
Should I insulate my compost heap?
Onion seeds v. onion sets
What plants will deter mosquitoes?
What woods shouldn&#39;t be used for hugelkultur?
Why is it a problem to use manure as a fertilizing amendment over the long term?
How do I help my kitchen window herb garden thrive?
Do legumes provide nitrogen to their companions?
Nothing will grow where tree was
How long does it take for the compost to ripen?
How can I discourage ragweed from growing?
What actually occurs for manure to become considered &quot;well-rotted&quot;?
What is the name of this weed with red/green leaves and little white flowers?
What do purple tomato leaves mean?
How to keep chipmunks out of my garden?
What kind of plants will survive the heat from an air conditioner?
Will dumping paint destroy a nearby tree?
How can I correct a nutrient excess in soil?
How can I keep my compost wet?
What is a proper container to preserve seeds?
Can I harvest vegetable seeds and store for the next year?
How can I tell if my lawn needs to be dethatched?
Should I remove the dead flower heads from my hydrangea?
Low maintenance plant choices for apartment (indoor) living?
How large a cultivation area to feed one person?
Why did my jalape&#241;os turn black?
Is staking young trees helpful or harmful?
What are these hard white/brown spots growing on my houseplant?
How do I go about planning the layout of a sprinkler network for my lawn?
Why has my mint plant gone all woody/sparse/stringy?
Why won&#39;t my venus fly trap eat?
Should I stop adding fruit and vegetable seeds to my compost
How often should I fertilize my lawn?
What kind of a grow lamp can I use in my apartment?
Steps to renovating a lawn completely?
How much should blackberries grow in their first year?
How is  crabgrass removed from lawns?
How healthy are seedlings sent by mail?
How should I prune lemon trees?
What are some herbs and spices that are easy to grow indoors?
What is the right watering schedule for the different areas of my front lawn?
Is a little watering still better than no watering, when plants are thirsty?
How do I keep mosquitos out of my fountain?
Garden Hoses: how safe are they?
How can I prevent squirrels (or other small mammals) from eating my tomatoes?
Suggestion for houseplants that can clean the air?
Can I cut off exposed tree roots without harming the tree?
Does water temperature affect vegetable plant growth?
Do peppers change color when left on the plant?
How can I naturally encourage birds into my garden?
How do I remove dandelions without damaging my lawn?
Why are my apples rotting on the tree?
Is it really important to give blueberry plants acidic soil?
What is this vine-like weed and how do I kill it?
What conditions are necessary to make a potted aloe vera bloom?
Starting tomato from seed
How can we grow grass in our heavy clay yard?
How to plant a new lawn on a hillside?
How do I grow chilis in limited light?
Can I fix a garden tilled too early?
Rats have transferred poison into my compost. Is the compost usable on vegetables?
How can I identify and eradicate poison ivy, poison oak, and poison sumac from my yard?
How can I get rid of gophers in a non-lethal way?
Is there any way to prevent vole lawn-destruction during snow-cover?
How should I till topsoil into thick clay in small garden beds?
Why don&#39;t my radishes swell up?
What happens if you plant lettuce in hot weather?
Should I knock over the tops of onions when they get to a certain height?
How can I control/remove unwanted grass in flower beds?
What is the functional difference between cow manure and sheep manure?
What happens to a broccoli plant after it has been decapitated?
Why hasn&#39;t my strawberry plant produced any fruit?
Is it okay to pile compost on to the base of a tomato plant?
What is my citrus deficiency, based on leaf appearance? And how to treat?
What are some sustainable alternatives to peat for potting compost?
What&#39;s growing on my tomatoes?
Should I be concerned about mushrooms in my lawn?
I reseeded my lawn but the results are patchy. Do I apply further seed, or start again?
What vegetables will grow well in limited sunlight?
How to fill low spots over existing grass in my yard?
Is there any reason not to add commercially produced flowers to compost?
Should I remove the tree roots coming from the neighbouring garden?
What is the right way to pick peppers so the plant keeps producing?
What are good shade-loving consumable plants for a high-rise windowsill?
How do I start an oak tree from an acorn?
How do I know when to harvest my potatoes?
Does anyone know of a somewhat comprehensive plant database available online?
What kind of plant/mushroom is this?
Are there benefits to changing the direction you mow a lawn?
Is there anything wrong with allowing moss to grow around herbs?
Is triple digging worth the backache in temperate biomes?
How do I encourage my Florence fennel to produce fat bulbs?
What is the point of a greenhouse?
What are the primary nutrients utilized by plants beyond NPK?
What are the ideal soil conditions for planting giant sequoia saplings?
What are these red cocoons in my trees leaves?
How do I keep red wiggler worms alive overwinter in the Northeastern USA?
Why are we instructed not to use manure before planting carrots?
How do I prevent the seeds on my Japanese Maple from falling off?
How much mulch should I put in my vegetable gardens?
How do I get rid of insects on fruit trees?
What are some fast-growing, voluminous vines that are suitable to be grown in containers?
What is in seed starting soil that justifies wearing gloves while handling?
Wormery failure in mass worm die-off ... any advice?
What are the features that you should look for when buying a hydroponic system?
What difference does rooting hormone make when propagating plants from cuttings?
Why would healthy potatoes come out tasting dry and crumbly?
What is the proper way to prune a Fig Tree?
What can you do with oak leaves within a garden? Are they compostable?
How can I effectively grow strawberries in my borders without weeds suffocating them?
Why does my grass have bright green patches?
What are these cracks on the bottom sides of my tomatoes?
tomato plant rotting from the inside -- what&#39;s going on?
Can  jalape&#241;os be grown from pickled jalape&#241;o seeds?
Should I add water to my compost heap?
How do I grow bamboo plants indoors?
Why is an indoor pepper plant flowering but not producing fruit?
How to get rid of insects on basil while leaving the leaves safe to eat?
Can I save my damaged Aloe vera plant?
How do I get rid of the large cracks in my lawn due to the lack of rain?
Do I need to put landscape fabric under ground cover plant to prevent weeds growing?
What is this large flat leafed plant with yellow flowers (central Missouri)
My garden soil is devoid of nutrients, how should I improve it this winter?
How should I store my chili seeds for planting next year?
Fast-propagating, inexpensive ground cover / border
Will a cedar tree grow new limbs?
What household wastes can you use to fertilize without composting?
How do I care for potted apple seedlings over the winter?
Why didn&#39;t my forsythia cuttings root?
Is there an easier way to aerate my compost besides turning it?
Should peanut shells be composted?
How should a lemon tree with yellowing leaves, peeling bark, and small fruit be saved?
How often should I harvest herbs?
How to safely remove poison ivy
How do I remove weeds and prevent them growing between the bricks in a paved area?
Can salt be used to control weeds permanently?
How do I grow better Tabasco-type (C.frutescens) peppers?
How long does chemically fertilized grass remain poisonous?
Best help for a tree with stunted growth?
How are weeds controlled in a butterfly garden?
Strawberry plants brown &amp; brittle - is it disease, climate conditions, or bugs?
How can I do permaculture in a city garden?
How should I treat a frangipani?
Why does one of my onion varieties (Red Baron) invariably bolt?
Why have my tomato leaves started yellowing at the base?
How is short grass like those at miniature parks maintained?
What should I do to a homemade paper pot before planting it?
What is a good method for  extracting the earliest-viable seeds from young pumpkins?
How is manure tea made without E. coli?
Heeding &quot;use by&quot; dates on seed packets?
What is the best method for trellising green beans?
What is eating my vegetable seedlings?
How often should soft fruit plants be replaced?
Can we take out the whole root of Aloe Vera and replant it during transplant?
How do I actually &quot;pinch out&quot; a pepper plant?
What&#39;s the best way to cut leaf lettuces?
What does it mean if my tomato leaves are curling?
Are &quot;minerals&quot; and &quot;nutrients&quot; the same thing?
How do I manage different water flows with a drip irrigation system in my vegetable garden?
Which herbs can be grown as perennials?
How do I know if a fertilizer treatment is burning my trees?
Should I replant same year onion sets?
What are some tips on planting large plants?
What sort of feeding schedule should I use for pepper plants?
Can dahlias be grown as perennials?
What is the maximum number of trusses for a tomato plant?
Is there anything special I can do to promote fruiting in a tomato cutting?
Does cauliflower produce secondary growth after the main harvest?
What is the risk of soil contamination via leaf mulch/compost?
Is spent cat litter an appropriate source of nitrogen for compost?
Composting Bins - DIY vs Bought
How should I prune an overgrown peach tree?
How do I quickly remove crabgrass without too much manual labour?
What is a good ground cover for street frontage instead of lawn?
What type of potting soil is most suitable for indoor herbs?
What are some good plants to hold the edge of a cliff?
What should I do with my Cherry trees?
How do I grow rhubarb in hot weather
How far (on average) do tree roots extend out from the base of the tree?
What is a good watering routine for a bonsai?
How do I bake weeds out of my landscaping?
How can I identify an apple variety?
When will my tomatoes be ready to harvest?
Why did my orange bell pepper smell of ammonia?
How do I deal with millipedes eating my vegetable seedlings?
Should I remove fruits afflicted with blossom end rot?
Are millipedes  good or bad for the garden?
How frequently should I prune a tomato plant?
When should sunflower seeds be harvested?
Can kitchen waste be used as manure?
Why are my tomatoes tasteless?
What are some good plants to put in a guild built around plums/stone fruit?
Should I separate and transplant basil seedlings?
Is it worth keeping indoor pepper plants alive over the winter?
Is there a fast-growing, inexpensive privacy plant that can be started in winter?
Are the seed pods of giant sunflowers normally empty?
Which techniques and tools should I use to build a raised vegetable garden from bricks?
What is this shrub and has it come back from the dead?
What is a good choice for an edible fruit producing plant given a space of 20 ft x 3 ft?
How to automatically vent a cold frame during the Winter?
How do you water tiny seedlings?
Can I put coffee filters into my compost?
How many coffee grounds are too many coffee grounds for composting?
What is the proper way to winterize a lawnmower?
Does controlling night-time light for house plants improve their health?
Does aspirin really help tomatoes grow?
How often/long should I water my lawn with new turf?
How is a lumpy lawn flattened out?
Are these tiny tomato seedlings going to be too crowded?
What is the best shade tree to shade the front of my house?
Can I grow a pistachio tree from seed?
Chlorine vs Chloramine: Both harmful?
How do I control weeds and moss on a brick walkway and driveway?
How do I prevent parrots from snacking on my fruit trees?
A website for keeping track of my houseplants
Some of my ferns have brown spots on the tips of their leaves. What causes that?
How do I prevent critters from chewing my sprinkler system?
How are  dahlia tubers overwintered?
Should I paint old garden tools?
Will it kill my potted tree if I use tree fertilizer spikes?
My orchid has one yellowing leaf. What&#39;s gone wrong?
How can I get rid of rabbits in my yard?
What&#39;s attacking one Lupin but not its neighbor?
How are Japanese Maple Trees cultivated?
How to keep fescue grass from taking over my rye grass?
How would I go about grafting Japanese Maples?
What are some good companion veggies/flowers/herbs to scare off beetles?
Which plants/trees will benefit from using urine as a fertilizer?
How to get rid of Japanese knotweed (hogweed?)
Can snail pellets be safely used in a vegetable garden? If not, any safer alternatives?
What&#39;s the best way to increase the carbon content of compost heap in a grassy garden?
What do I do about the whitish powdery mold on my peonies?
Is there a weedkiller I can use at the foot of hedges?
Should I mix chicken manure in with my bonsai soil mix?
How many bean plants will corn / sunflower support?
What are the differences between above and below ground irrigation?
Do I need to buy a specialty bark medium to repot my orchid?
Do peat pots slow down the development of seedlings?
How to prevent my Ficus plant from growing new branches low?
How do I compost lots of grass clippings?
8 ft tall Poison Ivy?
Is it possible to indefinitely limit the growth of trees, hedges, and shrubs?
How should I repot these overgrown and delicate plants?
Should I pick my peppers early or wait till they mature (ripen) on the plant?
What are these viny plants? Are they poisonous?
How should a long neglected grape-vine be pruned?
What plants take easily to clay soils?
What is this long-rooted vine in my yard?
What else besides calcium deficiency could be causing tomato blossom end rot?
Is my Schefflera arboricola getting the right amount of light and water?
How do I get rid of this white stuff on my pumpkin leaves?
What should I do about standing water in potted plant?
What is this large leafed plant?
Do brassicas like to be transplanted deeper than the previous pot?
Will scallions grow after using them?
Insect infestation on my pepper plant, what do I do?
How can I get rid of the pennywort that is taking over my dwarf mondo grass?
Why does my cilantro have thin leaves? Why is my parsley not growing? When will they be ready for harvest?
Can I move a self-seeded oak tree into a pot to keep it small?
Encouraging fig or similar into canopy: what to do with site of severed limbs?
How do I evaluate the condition of a used lawn mower?
Saving basil plant after it has been sitting in trash?
Is there any harm in not disentangling the roots from a root-ball when transferring a plant/tree from a pot to the ground?
Why aren&#39;t my fruit/nut trees flowering?
Are all kinds of earthworms good for the soil?
What is the difference between compost tea, manure tea, compost leachate and herbal tea?
What should I do if the soil shrinks and separates from the flowerpot walls?
What is the proper technique to hand pollinate an eggplant?
How can I grow a pineapple plant from a store-bought pineapple?
How to help a Jade plant heal?
Do I need to correct the pH of my newly re-potted citrus tree?
How do I encourage my plum tree to produce fruit?
How do I remove dandelions and bull thistle from my lawn?
What are the teeny tiny white bugs on my tomatoes?
What do the numbers in the names of indoor liquid fertilizers mean?
How much should I mulch my cherry tree?
My composter has developed a sour smell and a lot of bugs. What am I doing wrong?
How do I repair a soaker hose?
How to get the dirt out of the rocks in rock landscaping?
How can I harvest my own grass seed?
What is the best way to grow vegetables without using chemical insecticide?
How can I effectively grow plants from peach, nectarine or plum pits?
Will my avocado tree produce fruits in my non-tropical climate region?
How long will my basil plants live inside?
How can I safely transplant blueberry bushes planted in the spring before the winter hits?
What is a good method for transplanting an established gooseberry bush?
What is the best way to sharpen a lawn mower blade?
How to treat a succulent with holes in its leaves?
What&#39;s the best way to remove 2-6 inches of dirt from my yard?
What procedure should I follow to compost bones, fat, and rotten cooked food?
What are common places to try for alternatives to commercially available seeds?
Placing eggshells on top of potted plants?
Is the fruit of passion vine edible?
Advanced care of an indoor avocado plant
What type of tester works best for measuring soil pH?
What kind of landscaping plants do livestock avoid eating and need minimal attention?
What are good sources for large quantities of &quot;greens&quot; for my compost?
What is the average lifespan of most maple trees?
How do I get rid of ducks from my backyard?
When do I need to protect a fruit tree from cold, and how do I do it?
How should I build a raised garden bed?
Should I burn out my tree stumps?
What can I grow in a sealed office environment with no natural light or airflow?
What causes flowers to fall off of a blueberry bush?
What is happening to my chilli plant? How can I help it?
I have the flowers, but how can I get seeds from my basil?
Tomato plant looks like it has grains of salt - what is it and how do I treat it?
Can I use a clear glass as a container for houseplants?
Hexagonal bush?
Why do my newly planted arborvitae keep dying?
Why do two kalanchoes on one windowsill exhibit different growth habits?
What is a good method for rapidly cloning White Pumpkin plants?
Will a galvanized container leach Zinc and &quot;Trim&quot; the roots? Are there other effects?
How do I grow sweet potatoes in a pot?
Why are my courgettes enormous, and my pumpkins puny?
Moving lemon and satsuma trees?
Is it possible to create lilacs with different colored flowers on different branches?
Why are my squash shrivelling?
How can I control Viburnum Beetle on my Snowball tree?
How do I improve the soil around a plant after it has grown considerably?
How deep to dig for a new flowering pear tree?
How to deal with invasive Ailanthus (Tree of Heaven)
How should I use corrugated cardboard for mulch?
Is there an optimal time of day and/or weather conditions for weeding?
What are some paving options that will not get damaged by de-icing salt?
How do I set up a roof top garden in a tropical climate?
Can I harvest beetroot early as &quot;micro beetroots&quot;?
Is there a way to prune or train my tree to grow more horizontally?
How to prevent Sempervivum tectorum (Common Houseleek)  from growing in length and not width?
Damaged Tree Heather: can it survive?
Should I trim the shoots coming off the root of my grapevines?
Do clovers cause any problems?
What are some tips on growing plants indoors with cats?
How can I keep a jade plant (Crassula ovata) from growing, and keep it healthy?
Why do all my strawberries become moldy?
What&#39;s the best way to thin delicate seedlings?
How do I encourage lemongrass to produce a strong stalk for culinary use?
Paint dumping to kill tree stump, will it affect my nearby arborvitae or raspberries?
Can I still use mint if it has aphids?
What is hardiness zone?
Can cereal boxes be used for mulch?
Is there a good technique for transplanting medium-maturity pumpkin vines?
Can I harvest celery a stalk at a time?
What is a good strategy to fix up a lawn in winter?
How should I improve my extremely clayey soil?
Is there a traditional method/style for pruning a Chocolate Silk tree?
Is July  too late to replant tomatoes in North Georgia, USA?
Is this beetle on my apricot tree a pest?
How dangerous are the roots of brassicas (cabbage, broccoli etc)?
How to &quot;correct&quot; uneven trunk widths in a cherry tree?
What are some good herbs to grow (pair) with tomatoes?
How to prolong Cauliflower growing season, harvest?
How does vacuuming beetles work?
What kind of pepper is this and when will it be &quot;ripe&quot;?
Why are my pumpkins dying? Is it the heat?
Is charcoal good for use as a soil amendment?
What&#39;s the ideal shape for a cucumber trellis/cage?
Japanese box hedge failing to thrive. What to do?
Why is my pepper plant dying?
What are the best lawn dethatching tools?
How can I encourage a jade tree to grow a strong trunk?
What is the best way to support a stake in a potted tomato plant?
Will these Chili plants have enough time to flower and produce chilis?
How can I drain lawn with very little slope?
Why did my basil leaves turn black?
Do techniques to repel slugs also work on snails?
What exactly is an outdoor bonsai?
What causes black spots on my apples?
How do I know when garlic is ready to be harvested?
Are there any drought tolerant plants that will force out weeds in pavement and sidewalk cracks?
How do I change the color of my hydrangea flowers?
Is September too late to plant winter greens in USDA zone 6?
How do I encourage pepper seeds to germinate?
Why are my peach leaves turning orange?
How can I tell if my apples are ready to harvest?
How do I tell if a Green Fig is ripe?
How should I choose which trees to cull?
How do I link a specific garden plant to its native plant community?
Is this plant really holy basil?
Is there a rule of thumb for caring for potted plants in office?
How much time does clover need to establish before winter?
What is the best time and method for planting cauliflowers / broccoli in a southern US climate with frosts?
What are these blemishes on the skin of my bell peppers?
How can I grow my own sweet potato starts?
How should mustard seeds be collected?
What are some tall, narrow perennials suited for dry soils, sun &amp; shade?
What is this anomalous growth on my oak leaf?
What herbs/vegetables/greens can be grown in a balcony garden with limited sunlight?
How do I kill mile-a-minute weed?
What should I do after a pepper plant has partly broken under its own weight?
Can anybody identify these small, red insects?
What are some quick growing, flowering, climbing/vine plants that  can be grown from a container garden (USDA zone 6)? What is a good time to start?
Is it too late to pinch back my avocado plant?
How long do you water after planting grass?
How do I use tree roots as a landscaping feature?
What is a general rule of thumb for when to prune plants and trees?
What is this potential lawn replacement plant?
What are some good landscape design planning softwares?
What causes spruce branches to drop their needles?
Will leveling uneven lawns with extra sand kill future lawns?
Why does my lime tree drop its fruit early?
Why are there kinks in my aloe vera leaves?
What is this fast growing plant with blue/black berries?
How can I propagate mint?
Why are my squash&#39;s leaves drooping?
How can a green leaved canna&#39;s flower color be found when not in bloom?
Why is there concrete buried across my entire backyard?
What is this pink flower with dark green leaves?
Will leaving fallen leaves on the lawn during winter damage the grass?
How do I prevent raccoons from eating my corn?
Hardy edible perennials that are easy to propagate?
What should I do with geraniums during the winter?
What is this low-growing evergreen?
What is the fastest way to multiply snowdrops?
What is the proper technique for using a flame weeder?
When is the earliest that I can safely add worms to my garden?
Sprinkler/irrigation system for new yard: DIY or hire a professional?
How long does it take to start sweet potato slips?
Can these non-food items be composted?
What is this weedy grass and how can I control it?
How do I get rid of pill bugs in my vegetable garden (or is it even the problem)?
Does urinating at the base of a tree help it grow?
What kind of plant is this growing in my friend&#39;s shower, and how can I grow one?
Will the effectiveness of soaker hoses degrade too much if I connect multiple ones together?
Why is my spinach flowering and how can I prevent it?
How can I clean yard equipment that has come into contact with poison ivy?
Is there any way to get rid of bamboo?
Help with Pepper Yield
How should I harvest Basil leaves as to be least harmful to the plant?
Brown Spots on peppers
What are these swirly green growths inside my bell peppers?
How much lighting do I need for growing lettuce using indoor hydroponics?
How to protect strawberries from &quot;predators&quot;
How to get rid of bindweed (Convolvulus arvensis) once and for all?
How can I drain water from a low spot in my garden when I have no lower spot to drain to?
How can I ensure a crop of potato seeds?
How do I select garlic which will continue to produce large heads in future replantings?
Is it possible to recycle a Jack-o&#39;-lantern into compost?
What is this itch-inducing twig I found in my cilantro?
Will diatomaceous earth hurt the earthworms in my garden
What can cause the leaves of a rose bush to turn black and fall off?
Is condensation on my seed tray an issue?
Is it possible to grow a mango plant in the Phoenix climate?
What can be planted on a shady, damp slope to help remove weeds?
What is this white growth on my cactus?
Forcing rhubarb - alternatives to fancy forcing jars?
&quot;Forcing rhubarb&quot; - what does that mean?
What kind of black and yellow insect has a zebra like pattern?
Can I separate this spider plant (Chlorophytum comosum)?
How should I prune my pomegranate trees?
What size of plant pot should I be using for young chili plants?
Keeping creeping thyme, or other ground cover, weed free (aka thyme vs. clover)
My lawn is full of wild strawberries. What else can thrive in my soil?
Is it worth spreading ash on the vegetable plot?
How do I split hostas?
Does a pomegranate tree need propping up?
Is this plant some kind of Poppy?
Should I pinch off flowers that form on chives?
Why won&#39;t my pepper grow?
What&#39;s causing my potatoes to wilt?
Why has my peach tree stopped producing fruit?
Is there any way to tell if a tomato is determinate or indeterminate before it starts to bear fruit?
How can I speed up germination of habanero chili pepper?
What are the disadvantages of having creepers or normal plants indoors?
How to deal with suckers on a Bradford Pear Tree?
How to prevent regrowth of elm saplings from concrete foundation?
What is this Vine-type plant growing on my Jacaranda tree?
What can I use to quickly and inexpensively create metal plant labels?
How to stop small black worms from eating my strawberries?
Should I stop runner beans climbing too high?
What kinds of gloves are best for handling thorny rose bushes?
What&#39;s the fastest-growing variety of cherry tree?
How and when to plant young grafted fruit tree?
Where do Asiatic Garden Beetles spend their days?
Can I thin grapes/vines in July?
How can I best get an alert if overnight frost is predicted?  
Will my lime tree recover from cold shock?
Good soil mix for bonsai?
How can I grow maple trees from seeds?
How to stop my courgettes (zucchini) rotting?
How can I remove a bush whose roots are breaking concrete?
What animal is eating my cherry tomatoes and strawberries?
What is this plant found in the UK with green and white leaves with purple flowers?
What is this large furry leafed plant with purple stalks, found in the UK?
Which types of broccoli are cut-and-come-again?
French beans (Green beans): Dwarf v. Climbing
How much coffee grounds should I add to my compost (and how frequently)?
How can I discourage wasps?
How do I encourage morning glories to bloom?
What is this brown, shell-like thing growing on the stalk of my avocado plant?
Is it safe to eat fruits and vegetables planted in a pet cemetery?
How do I know when winter rye seed is ready to harvest?
Harvesting beans to prolong cropping - but how thorough do I need to be?
How do I maintain a Raspberry plant?
Is there a way to discourage plum trees from fruiting so heavily?
How do I prevent my berry leaves from getting scorched in the sun?
My broccoli has started to head up. Anything I should know?
How do I grow moss indoors?
How and for how long can home-grown onions be stored?
What do I use to fill in low spots in my yard?
How do I provide support to a growing sunflower?
Will an unevenly coloured (green) pumpkin ripen to a nice even orange?
What kind of chili turns brown and shrivels when ripening on the plant?
Is there a way to discourage a tomato plant from growing too tall?
Can I eradicate blackspot on roses with a winter pruning?
Should I lift my onion crop?
How can we keep high air humidity with simple setup?
Best practice to prevent aphids and spider mites?
Is it safe to change the entire soil surrounding the roots?
How should I choose the correct N-P-K fertilizer values for my plant?
Are goldenrod cultivars manageable or troublesome?
How much should I water my cherry tree sapling?
Cherry sapling has orange dots on its leaves and the tips are wilting. What could be wrong?
How do I get tender green beans?
What is considered a &quot;cool climate&quot; for cool climate plants? Can these plants better survive temporary frost?
How do you save an aloe plant whose stem is weak and appears to be rotting?
Should I earth up my radishes to prevent them from being eaten or should I pull them out?
Why does my pepper plant have yellowing, drying and curling leaves?
Should turf be laid above, below or flush with existing ground level?
What kind of mower should I get for a &#190;-acre lawn?
Can I cross pollinate basil and chili peppers?
What kind of lawn grass doesn&#39;t spread and is exceptionally shade tolerant?
Is an olive tree frost resistant?
Why isn&#39;t my lemon tree growing?
How much human interference is required to help daffodils spread?
What is this plant with red, green and yellow colored leaves and little white flowers?
Good winter vegetables in hardiness zone 8B?
Family pool on lawn all summer - what can I do to help the grass underneath recover?
What are some edible plants (vegetable or fruit) that can produce roots in water?
What techniques can be used to manually sieve stones from the soil efficiently?
Efficacy of &quot;willow water&quot; for improving propagation of cuttings
My basil had a shock after transplanting. What did I do wrong?
Can I trim knockout rosebushes in winter?
How do I prune the roots of a rootbound plant?
Are the yellow leaves on my Massangeana due to root rot?
Why are my persimmons black beneath the hull?
Is there a fruiting plant that can grow in an office environment?
What is this plant with long sharp leaves? Is it a weed?
When should Broccoli seeds be sown indoors for spring planting in Minnesota?
How does pH affect plant growth?
How do I grow root vegetables hydroponically?
Can plants have too much light, or do they need night/rest?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using soil blocks?
Where should I get my garden soil tested?
Should I return dead houseplant leaves to the pot?
Advice for overwhelmed beginner
Why is it bad to mix layers of soil if you do it once at the start?
How should vegetable seeds be sown evenly?
Do chemicals leach from the sides of raised beds?
What is a good companion for asparagus?
What is this bluish-grey bug on my lettuce, and how do I treat it?
Dandelions taking over the lawn
&quot;sterilizing&quot; a flower bed
Cucumber plants wilting in greenhouse, but fine indoors?
How can I get rid of mint?
How can I fix a lawn which has become patchy?
Compost Bin Full - Turning vs. Layer of Browns on Top
How do I make plant labels for outdoors?
Building natural stone steps
Removing weeds from brick patio
What type of squash is growing out of my compost pile?
Can I water plants with spoiled wine?
Can anyone identify this abnormality that is on my dwarf citrus?
Alpine strawberries growing conditions
When is the best time of year to transplant established strawberries?
PC controlled irrigation system
Rake or leave lawn clippings?
When to harvest chilis? What happens if I don&#39;t? How can I store them?
What&#39;s the best C:N ratio when vermicomposting?
What are the best plants to attract Ladybugs and Praying Mantis, from your experience?
If it&#39;s possible to overwater a plant, then how do plants grow hydroponically?
How can I grow edible plants for a reptile in the reptile&#39;s tank?
Grapevine leaking water and white mucus
What type of lawn damage is this, and what do I do about it?
Is it possible to grow the corn kernels from commercial popcorn?
What plants can I use to reduce soil humidity?
Leaving tomato roots in the ground
How can I temporarily grow grass on concrete?
Why are the blooms dropping off my zucchini without fruiting?
How can I prevent stones from rising to the soil surface each year?
What are some good vegetables for a beginner, and how do I find quality seeds?
What is this woody plant with spicy, citrus flavored twigs?
Is this an ant colony on this fig tree?
What are these brown, cap-shaped mushrooms on my birch tree?
Can I force a dormant forsythia branch to bloom by bringing it inside?
Is it bad practice to leave dead roots in soil?
Will african violet fertilizer diffuse through clay pots?
How effective are row covers in preventing insects?
How and When to prune a Montmorency Cherry Tree?
How do I get rid of houttuynia (heartleaf/lizard tail)?
Is this a normal amount of sap from an apricot tree after pruning?
How do I tell which direction a gourd is going to grow?
Why did the stem suddenly weaken in my oriental poppy?
Can I grow a fruit bearing pistachio tree?
Should the aerial roots be trimmed on my ficus tree?
How to prune roses with tall branches?
Is it better to lay out a drip system before mulching the yard?
How many squares should I use for small pumpkins and watermelon?
How can I grow air plants in an arid climate?
Can I grow fava beans as a fall crop in New Jersey (USDA Zone 7A)?
Can I save an old, weak peony?
Why did my tulips die?
What&#39;s a good water system for my cactus plant during holidays?
How much water is lost in watering your lawn during the day?
How can I kill or remove insects from cut flowers that I bring inside?
What is this grass that supports all weather types, doesn&#39;t invade and prevents bad plants from sprouting?
If I fix some drainage for my waterlogged pumpkin, will they revive?
What is a good source for nursery pots?
Is it really necessary to rotate runner beans?
Why is my phalaenopsis&#39; keiki (orchid) not thriving?
What&#39;s a hardy plum tree for prunes?
How are peppers and mulch used in a desert environment?
Should I remove the small leaves growing out of the bottom of my pepper plants?
What is a good resource for identification of useful weeds that grow in North Central USA?
What insect eats petals and what can I do to kill it?
How do I prune a cherry tree to keep it short?
Xeriscaping and noxious weeds
How can we protect a fig tree&#39;s fruit from birds?
How do I identify and eradicate the pest that is destroying the plants in my flowerbox?
What are the proper conditions and watering habits for rosemary?
What to do with the spent flower spike of foxgloves (digitalis)?
How regularly should I fertilise my bonsai plants?
What is a good frugal method for providing shade to fruit-bearing vines?
Is my lemon tree dying?
Late-sown Carrots: any particular problems?
Should you trim off half yellowed leaves on an indoor plant?
What is the best type of soil for growing an indoor avocado plant?
What qualities should I look for in gardening tools so that they&#39;re long lasting?
Should I bag lawn clippings from a crabgrass-infested lawn?
What is the effect of streetlights on plants?
What is this weed in my lawn and how do I control it?
What are some resources for region-dependent planting schedule/calender?
How do I prune a cork-screw willow?
What are the factors for lawn health?
Why should I leave my coriander seeds on the plant to dry before harvesting?
Is there a dwarf nectarine tree that would be suitable for indoor/outdoor life?
Does it matter if my cabbage forms its heart some way off the ground?
Is this deciduous shrub with leathery green leaves in Northern England, some sort of cotoneaster?
How do I choose a good tiller (cultivator) for a 1000 sq. ft. garden?
What should I do with the flowering bulbs I didn&#39;t plant this spring?
What special steps should I take to prepare my garden for fall planting?
Why are my honey-locust tree leaves turning yellow in mid-summer?
What are some good tree suggestions for providing some shade for the house (Seattle, WA)?
Are chilis an annual plant?
Is it too late for my under-sized leeks to fatten up?
Why do my tomato leaves look powdery?
How do I set up a vertical garden in my backyard?
How can I help a sunburned jade tree recover?
Is there any cure or treatment for a queen palm tree diagnosed with fusarium decline?
When to lay turf in the UK?
What is this weed and how do I get rid of it?
When should I plant out a peach sapling?
How much heat can a cherry chili pepper withstand?
When is the best/acceptable time to perform a fall core aeration and seeding on a lawn?
Is there such a thing as a specifically indoor only orange/citrus tree?
What&#39;s a fast growing hedge suitable for Western Australia?
Using carpet to stop weeds
What are good plants to use in a container-based winter garden?
Managing weeds around fruit trees
Where can I find credible information about companion planting/intercropping
How can I mow a moist lawn?
What are some small deciduous shrubs that can grow in USDA zone 4?
Why are the leaves of my pea plant (little marvel) drying up and turning brown?
How do I treat rhubarb rust?
What are the best deciduous shade trees for Phoenix, Arizona?
Miniature Rose Wintering
What could be the cause of death for my carnivorous plants?
When to plant chili seeds in the UK?
How to start a bulb bed so that it doesn&#39;t need weeding?
How should I prune this overgrown pear tree?
How to tell a nectarine tree from a peach tree?
How do I get rid of wild blackberry?
What type of miniature clover is growing with yellow flowers in my short Australian lawn?
What varieties of plum tree produce small green plums?
Does Rebutia grow better when grafted onto an Echinopsis?
How do I improve drainage vertically through clayey soil?
How do I reduce the amount of fruit my pear tree produces?
Is early November too late in the season to overseed, repair a cool-season lawn?
Can an aloe plant that&#39;s completely rotten at the base be cured?
Storing apples - how do I improve my success rate?
How often should I fertilize vegetables?
Can a dwarf fruit tree grow well with just morning sun?
What light cycle should I use to grow herbs indoors?
Are acorns, or oak nuts, edible?
How long do amaryllis bulbs live?
How long does a Norway spruce tree live after being cut down?
What features should I look for in a fertilizer spreader?
What maintenance does a lawnmower need?
How to manipulate a cactus with thick long spines?
How should I protect a buried fountain reservoir from freezing?
What is the problem/disease that causes bobbly peach tree leaves?
How do you deal with disposing of bougainvillea branches?
Should my spruce tree roots be covered?
How low (and for how long) does the temperature need to be before I need to worry about covering my outdoor vegetable garden?
How should I select the proper location for my garden?
How can I determine which trees are unsafe in strong winds?
What are these white bugs that leave white stains on my cars and driveway?
What is the most effective way to kill weeds that does not involve me digging or killing other plants?
Indoor Garden Built - Now Little Flies!
Is it time to repot my desk plant?
What are my options for renting small amounts of land for outdoor gardening in an urban setting?
What are the advantages of hydroponics?
What stops sprinkler heads from retracting?
Can I grow a dwarf avocado tree in my climate?
What are the optimal growing conditions for chives?
What is the best way to automatically water my garden?
Choosing and finding a good wine grape rootstock
How can I love a Silver Maple?
Jade: Can I repot and/or take cuttings?
How can I stop my herbs growing too tall?
How do I flatten out the four inch high bumps in my lawn?
Are there any tips for helping unhealthy trees?
What type of fertilizer should be used on garlic?
What are these white bugs all over my lettuce?
Why are the tops of my Brussels Sprouts turning purple?
Why is my pear tree dying around the blossoms?
How can I remove the moss growing on my lawn?
Transplanting indoor vegetable starts outside
What is the right time to water my lawn?
How do I know when to harvest my popcorn?
Lawn problem - seasonal grass, thatch, or something else?
Peppermint seeds? Isn&#39;t peppermint sterile?
Is it normal for Pak Choi (Bok Choy) seedlings to come up so varied in colour and leaf shape?
What to do when an animal dies inside a hollow tree?
What is this tree with green spherical fruit?
Ants and aphids - which should I fight first
Please shed light on argument about weeding
Mushrooms sprouting for the first time, should I gather them or let them be?
Identification of this branched bush with tiny blue flowers
Can this peace lily be saved?
I need to mow a lawn filled with Rocks galore
Care of red currant bushes
Does bonemeal promote bigger and stronger plants through root growth?
Can anyone identify this mystery plant growing in my vegetable garden?
Can I salvage an over-watered tomato plant?
Composting Equine Pine and Rabbit Manure
What should I do with leaves skimmed out of a pool?
What to look for in a robotic lawnmower?
What is this plant that resembles tomato and has small dark fruit?
Understanding the flowering of strawberries
Why do plants root when placed in water, but die in standing water
What are the solid chunks in the top my carrots?
How do I grow roses from seed?
How do you tell when pumpkins are ready to harvest?
Are household LED bulbs suitable as supplemental light for plants?
How do I cultivate ginger from a piece of root?
transplanting seedlings, why? why not put straight in ground?
Is this plant Giant Hogweed?
How viable will 5 year old or 25 year old bush bean seeds be?
Is there evidence that a deeply watered lawn will develop deeper roots?
Compost pile and bugs (2 questions)
Sudden Outbreak of Yellow Leaves on Tomato (and Other) Plants
How to safely protect my raspberries from pests
City wants to remove our White Pines - how should we respond?
Is mulch or topsoil better for new lawn in clay soil?
What is this wetland plant with small white flowers in a spiral around the stalk?
Why use potting mix instead of natural soil?
How do I pump my bath water to my garden for watering?
What can I do to grow larger green onions?
Are old raspberry canes required to be chopped off?
Is rust from steel rainwater barrel harmful?
How many mint seeds should you plant?
What is this tiny strawberry-like fruit found in a Southern Illinois lawn?
What are the pros/cons of different mulches?
Should I prune a Venus Flytrap to prevent it from digesting itself?
Do any plants add nutrients back into the soil as they grow?
How can I identify the &quot;type&quot; of a rose if I don&#39;t already know what it is?
What is a sucker and how does it differ from a water sprout or branch?
Is it OK to plant Daffodils on a forest floor?
Should I use Potting Soil with Mold?
How are wind flattened plants realigned?
What is a good strategy for laying patio pavers?
Do opuntia (prickly pear) cacti readily form hybrids in the wild?
When should I transfer from pod to pot or ground?
Why did my pepper plants suddenly shrivel?
Are fire ants on okra plants a concern?
How far does a gallon of fish fertilizer go?
How can I maintain a permanent shade lawn?
Should I be concerned that my pepper plants all &quot;face&quot; the window?
Is it possible to keep peonies standing upright?
What is a recipe for a long-lasting, fast draining container soil mix with good aeration?
Asparagus Growing: Any Tips?
Should raspberries &amp; boysenberries be pruned in early summer?
Do I need to manage my tomato cage?
Are stinging nettles commonly used for security?
How should I calculate row spacing with different varieties?
Are there any annuals I can sow this late in the year (end of June)?
What is this yellow flower?
Cut lupines to the ground, will they grow back next year?
What is pulling up tufts of grass all over my lawn?
How can I revive wilted water basil plants?
How should young honey locust trees be pruned?
What could be causing rot to appear on the skin of my bell peppers?
A few leaves on my peppers are showing multiple small holes, should I be worried?
Duration of harvest season from Bush Bean plants?
Are there any bad effects in using nematodes in pest control?
How can I stop cane borers in my rose bush?
Why does the water in my rain barrel evaporate quickly?
Damaged Bay Laurel: are the leaves safe to use?
My flat leaf parsley has stunted growth and pale red leaves. What could be wrong?
Which inks which can safely be added to vermicompost bins?
What steps can I use to encourage pollination?
What are some alternatives to under gravel filters for a 3000 gallon pond?
My indoor plant has an orange mold-like substance growing on it and has tiny white bugs. How can I remove it?
Why were my parsnips fat with a woody core?
Translucent worms are growing on my moss, will they move onto other plants?
Vine-like, deep-rooted very aggressive weed - what is it and how do I get rid of it?
How does one make compost tea?
Why does purple basil turn green?
Is it okay to leave peat moss out from a soil-less mix recipe?
What&#39;s the best way to utilise chicken manure?
Is it possible to get a plant that is just a genetic dud?
Are bananas male/female and which ones will contain seed?
How do I use linseed oil to maintain my tools?
Is it harmful to prune summer bearing raspberries in early autumn?
What is the effect of  watering on the temperature of the garden?
What are the mini-white moths on my tomato plant?
How to protect broccoli seedlings from high winds?
Is September a good time to sow chili pepper seeds in Hong Kong?
How can I clean up soil mixed with spruce needles?
How can I get rid of a large hornet nest in my hollow tree?
Where can I find a fruits and vegetables planting schedule for Southern Oregon?
Why does my sinningia have yellow spots?
Can we use sprayers to water plants?
What flowering bulbs grow well in an air conditioned office environment?
Resloping Around Foundation With Mulch Bed
What is the name of this plant with 5-petaled pink flowers?
What to call this latex material used to tie trees?
What is this discolouration of the skin of my pepper?
How to stop grass growing through landscape pebbles?
What sort of tomato has two layers of seeds?
What options do I have for placing/installing a backflow preventer?
How to prepare urea for orchard composting?
Can I encourage my roses to produce more flowers and fewer long stems?
What&#39;s the best way to remove Junipers?
Should I cull June-bearing strawberries for fall bearing?
How do I care for grapefruit seedlings?
What is this screening tree, growing in South Australia?
How to dispose of sand, concrete rubble and field stones?
What are methods of increasing the protein content of garden vegetables?
How much watering does aloe require?
How do professionals save hybrid seeds?
Can I make my Schlumbergera truncata (Thanksgiving cactus) produce seeds?
What is the best way to identify a Saintpaulia (African violet)?
How do I prepare and sow a lawn organically?
What sort of hose nozzle should I look for such that it won&#39;t spring a leak after just one frosty night?
Why can&#39;t I compost dog &amp; cat faeces?
What are these woodlouse-like bugs and how do I kill them?
What&#39;s the name of this plant that has large, broad leaves with white spots?
What is the right type of rake for oak leaves, twigs, acorns on a Zoysia lawn?
Building a DIY greenhouse  - where to start?
Do wattles have the same ability to fix nitrogen from air as other legumes?
How do I get rid of box rust in December? Will fungicide work?
What problems can come from a tree with its graft union 5 inches above the soil line?
How do I prepare my hyacinths for planting out?
Can multiple arborvitaes be made to grow uniformly to the same height?
What fruit tree grows well in an area with variable sunlight in San Jose, CA?
Is it OK to skip watering outdoor plants in the winter in California?
Adding horse manure that has a lot of wood shavings to my compost?
Why is the soil shrinking in my backyard?
How can I handle a cricket problem without using pesticides?
Is morning, afternoon or in-between sun the best for fruit trees?
How do you transition a guava from a yard in Florida to a pot in Boston?
Is the &quot;Paris Market&quot; carrot a good variety for clay-rich soil?
How much soil do I need on top of my hugelkultur beds?
What are the benefits of veg / fruit plants with grafted rootstocks?
How is compost made in the kitchen?
Does ginger grow well indoors?
Would an old refrigerated food display case make a good greenhouse?
Has anybody had any success using 5 gallon buckets as planters?
How do I determine the proper way to drain a yard?
Do seeds require light indoors to germinate?
How much compost should I add to a clay soil for roses?
Options for an edible privacy &quot;fence&quot;?
Do dead bamboo limbs run the risk of seeding a garden bed?
Do homemade paper pots for seedlings really work well?
Should I plant my garden early this year?
What can I grow in a very damp, shaded part of the garden?
How many spears can I expect from an average asparagus plant ready for harvest?
How can I prevent my Nepenthes pitchers from drying out?
How can I tell if frost damage has happened?
How should I prune weeping willow?
How can I keep earwigs from eating my basil?
What is the best way to keep deer away?
How do I make a wooden container fit for growing stuff in it?
Strawberries only half red
How much space can I leave between soaker hoses in my garden?
What should I do with some volunteer potatoes growing in my compost pile?
Is this a desirable plant or a weed?
Is there any way to prevent maple seeds from developing?
What can I plant in dandelion graves?
Is it possible to do my own extensive soil/organic matter testing?
Cement Blocks for Raised Bed?
What variety is this curvy courgette / zucchini with a bulge at the flower end?
Impact of mealworms in a garden
Why are the leaves on my chilli plant turning &#39;silver&#39;?
Top Dressing: When and How
Non mechanical plant watering systems?
Raised bed around tree. Do I need to protect the trunk?
Tilling soil around a tree for a raised bed. How much is safe for tree?
Utility lines blocking off areas of my designed sprinkler system entirely, what to do?
What is this (allegedly) mosquito-repellent trailing plant with dark green heart-shaped leaves?
Soil-less raised garden bed with straw
How do you figure out if you have Rhizobia bacteria in your soil?
Does it matter when I supplement light?
I have mislabelled a herb (thought it was chives), can anyone recognize what this is?
What edible mushrooms can be grown in full sun?
How do I keep my balcony flowers hydrated while I&#39;m away?
Will peach leaf curl affect my fruit?
Are my orange tree&#39;s yellowing leaves a sign of underwatering?
What is the best way to put bonemeal into the soil?
Ground cover for large sloped area
What is causing diseased leaves on my French beans?
What are these seeds in papery pink casing?
Is something wrong with my zucchini plant?
What are those red dots on the leaf stems of my cherry trees?
How to sell seeds
Keeping goats from eating my plants
Proper Lawn care for warm weather.
How much of a kale plant must be left when harvesting outer leaves?
What&#39;s the best way to kill cucumber beetles after I&#39;ve started harvesting?
How is &#39;gardening soil&#39; made?
Compost has larva or maggots?
Is there a way I can make transparent soil for plants at home?
What did people whack weeds with before weed-whackers?
How deep does a raised bed need to be for a veggie patch?
mail order raspberry plants, now what
Can blueberries and raspberries be planted near each other?
What&#39;s eating my Peaches?
Is painting a lawn/garden border a good idea?
cultivating a cactus from cutting
what care should I give my lemon and orange tree after 8 months neglect?
soil testing, what tools would you suggest
What to guild with Asparagus
Is there a correct moment to start forcing rhubarb?
What&#39;s in eggshells that makes a good fertilizer?
How can I stop mold from growing on the surface of the soil around my potted plants?
Hardy plants for wind break in the Rocky Mountain West?
How much ash can I use on a lawn?
Does Dawn dishwashing detergent kill plants (shrubs &amp; flowers)?
Is drainage important in Greenhouse beds?
Does seed from F1 hybrid tomato fruits grow?
How can I amend clay soil with soil, without digging?
Are teabags okay in a compost bin?
Does a compost heap benefit from being on clear soil vs solid ground?
Should I compost bindweed leaves?
How to improve coral atoll &quot;soils&quot;
Should I clear my plants of cobwebs?
Should I use aluminum sulfate (sulphate) to acidify my soil?
What is happening to the leaves of my avocado?
Can pak choi be re-grown?
When and how should I harvest galangal?
What should I do to rescue grass from a petrol spill?
Is it okay to top a redwood tree?
Do strawberry runners start from age zero?
How can I discourage venomous snakes from living in my property?
What is this 3ft high, stalky plant, with mid sized narrow leaves?
What plants or gardening additives might cause the specific neurotoxin symptom &#39;Descending Paralysis&#39;?
What is this weed and how can I eliminate it?
Should containerized plants be periodically rotated relative to the sun?
What type of plant is this? It looks like Chamomile
What to do about carrots that don&#39;t seem to be growing?
How do you tell if a tree is male or female?
Beginner Starting from Scratch: Weedlot to Enjoyable Garden
How long does mulch last?
Does a pine needle mulch make your soil acidic?
Is it okay to use left-over pasta water to water plants, including edibles?
Does commercial (bagged) soil eventually expire/die?
Are there any methods of fixing transplant shock?
How do I save lilac seeds?
Can I grow Basil indoors this winter?
How to Keep Compost &quot;Hot&quot; in Winter?
Renovating mature pear trees
Bonsai shedding leaves 1 week after purchase
What&#39;s destroying my recently laid Kikuya lawn?
What plant is this and how do I save it?
Identification of garden insect with a red-edged green body and white spots
Are these maggots and are they okay in the soil around the roots of a fruit tree?
Identify small, white, &quot;ant-like&quot; bug found in chips near tree
What are the pros and cons of bagged mulch versus city mulch?
Which side of a dead branch should you prune?
How I can persuade an olive tree to flower?
How are root vegetables grown in hot climates?
Why do my gardenias turn yellow before they bloom?
What about covering lettuces during hot periods?
Why is my flowering crab stunted?
Is it too late for row cover to help with insects?
What&#39;s a good selective herbicide?
Any leafy plant which can be grown &quot;inside&quot; the house and doesn&#39;t need much moving around for sunlight?
Will over spray from Ortho Weed-B-Gon Max kill my flowers?
What is this weed, found in UK,  with serrated leaves and a small green flowers?
What is a good variety of pomegranate to grow in Pennsylvania (US Hardiness Zone 6b/7a)?
What is a good Plum tree that is self-fertile, disease-resistant and a heavy cropper?
What should I do with a leaf that was almost torn in half?
How poisonous is Oleander?
Tilled under buckwheat, how long to wait before replanting?
Any special steps which should be taken when transplanting a potato bush?
What are these little green bugs on the roots of indoor plants?
Natural herbicide to kill weeds in a hard landscape environment?
Holes on bottom side of tomato
What is this plant and how can I remove it from the ground?
One of my indoor pepper plants seems to drink less water than its peers. Should I be concerned?
Are both of these patches crabgrass?
How do I protect the roots and adjust watering levels in a non-draining indoor pot?
How can I grow barley grass indoors?
How to replant bamboo/water based plants
Is it safe to handle soil with our bare hands?
What is this house plant with bright pink flowers and dark green leaves? How should I take care of it?
Why are my carrots white in the center?
Slim 6ft high evergreen hedge for a UK garden?
What variety of tomato grows no taller than about 10 cm?
What are these red spots on the leaves of my boysenberry plant?
How do I use sassafras?
How do I keep oak trees from sprouting?
Why does my sweet potato have stunted growth with wide, flattened stems and dense leaves?
When should I start worrying about holes and leaf damage in my brassicas?
Why didn&#39;t my maple leaves change color in the fall after transplanting?
How do I stop dog urine from killing grass?
How can I control erosion on a steep trail?
What are the most fragrant non-double peonies?
How do I care for a young fig tree?
How do I prune my mop-head hydrangea?
How do I setup my drip irrigation head assembly if my hose bibb is too low to the ground?
How long does it take a mock-orange bush to flower?
Is there an edible plant that is hardy and can be mowed?
How high should I cut fescue grass?
What is this plant, which has a spreading root system and purple, crinkled petunia-like flowers?
Is it possible to graft fruit/flowering trees onto a well established jacaranda tree?
Should I cut back my yucca after flowering?
What&#39;s this plant with long pink hanging blossoms?
What is this broad-leaved weed in my lawn and how do I kill it?
Why can&#39;t I  get reticulation to work in spring?
Are there any ways to cut back sea buckthorn, other than brute force?
Is my woody old sage plant finished?
Why are my basil seedlings failing to thrive?
A mower that&#39;s also capable of pushing snow
Are &#39;winter&#39; varieties important when sowing beans &amp; peas in late autumn/fall?
Why does my blueberry bush have brown/scorched leaves?
What products can I use to hang herbs under a fluorescent light?
Can bulbs be stored in the fridge for over 60 days?
Why has our lucky bamboo turned yellow?
How do I contain the roots of a ficus tree to prevent damage to plumbing?
What is the best sunflower for seed production in Pennsylvania zone 6b?
What varieties of sweet corn are best for freezing?
What vine would be best for my arbor under a tree in dry soil?
How to get rid of spider mites on roses?
How to create a living driveway resistant to heavy Canadian winters?
Can I use crushed stone instead of pea gravel for drainage?
Why do my pumpkins develop rotting black dots after harvesting?
How do I control blight in lantanas?
When dealing with soil mixture and compost ratios, are you supposed to go by volume or weight?
Source for cheap large plastic tubs?
How are lilac cuttings taken?
Do Bloomerang and Josee lilacs rebloom as well as advertised?
How can I get the most produce out of my allotment with limited time each week?
What does PVP mean?
Is Zephirine Drouhin rose completely thornless?
Is it practical to breed new cultivars at home?
What sort of planting layout should I follow to cover a fence with a hedge?
Can I compost peanut butter (pros and cons)?
Why are my daffodils putting out flower buds in January?
Is Cotoneaster an appropriate plant to fill an empty space along my fence?
Has my USDA hardiness zone changed?
How do I prepare a chili plant for a second year&#39;s growth?
How can I tell what animal is eating my plants?
How long should a garden tractor battery last?
Can I plant peas, green beans and lettuce this early?
Is there a way to compost these spruce needles?
What can I plant to attract butterflies and other pollinators in Minnesota?
Is it safe to use vegetables which have experienced several frosts?
How can I keep gravel from moving out of my driveway during winter?
How do I restore my lawn without having to re-sod the property?
What Should I look (out) for when purchasing a hydrangea plant?
How are fire ants removed without endangering vegetation nearby?
What are some tips on growing strawberries from seed?
What is this Australian weed with red flowers and green leaves?
How much fertilizer do I need for my vegetable garden?
What should not be put in compost tea?
How can I grow  herbs in my kitchen?
What creepers can be grown to cover an entire wall in a southern Californian climate?
Orchid - Second plant growing from stem of main plant?
Safe to use Chicken Manure in my compost?
What is the difference between a melon and a squash?
What is the best species of grass to grow around a black walnut tree
How can mushrooms be used to enhance a vegetable garden?
Zucchini leaves yellowing - but not powdery mildew
What are the best soil amendments for container grown blueberries?
Can I make my own seed raising mix?
What are the steps to prepare an overgrown, grassy area for gardening?
Is it possible to grow vegetables indoors?
Are tar based products really useful in treating tree wounds?
Should I fertilize my tulips in the spring?
How can I grow cold weather crops in a hot climate?
Is this a fungus?
What is the relation between number of fish and number of plants in aquaponics
Will a winter-damaged hosta self repair?
What is the best way to hide daffodil leaves after the flowers die?
How do I kill couch grass organically prior to sowing a lawn?
Is it important to keep greenhouse glass thoroughly clean?
Can you grow raspberries in a pot/growbag?
When transplanting asparagus seedlings should part of the stem be buried?
Is it okay to have bonfires on my dormant garden bed?
How much water should I give my veggies every day?
What is this fungus or weed growing in my flower bed?
What keeps digging up my veggies?
How much topsoil can I put over grass before needing to re-seed?
How can I deal with the beetles eating my grapevine?
What is this mark that appears on my small green plums?
Basil: cold or disease?
What is this Michigan garden insect with a striped body and reddish head?
Why are these white dots appearing on my citrus and avocado trees and the leaves getting pale?
How should I avoid pests in an open compost bin
Does Arugula/rocket flowering mean the plant&#39;s crop season is over?
Is this shrub a rhododendron, and how can I help it to flourish?
Am I overwatering this unidentified (jade) plant?
Identifying Broad-Leaf Plant/Weed
How do I repel tree squirrels that are digging holes in my lawn?
How to take care of an avocado plant in the chihuahuan desert?
What herbaceous plants like acid soil, blueberries and white pine mulch?
Why are there wasps in my garden?
How to care for a large redwood?
What&#39;s the best way to control squash bugs
Which style of weeding tool for small, densely planted flower beds and raised gardens?
How to prevent rotten end of tomatoes
Are volunteer gooseberry bushes worth saving?
What features should I look for in a low pressure water timer?
Taming the jungle, power heads vs old fashioned &quot;weed eater&quot;
What is this low growing square-stemmed plant in my lawn?
When to cut roses?
Is there a difference between weed eater and trimmer?
How can I propagate raspberry plants from cuttings?
Tomato plants got black stems and the leaves dry out
Can anyone identify this plant?
What is the best time of year to plant trees?
How can I get rid of this vine-like weed with small rounded leaves?
What is the difference between compost and soil?
How do I tell when an eggplant is ready to be picked?
How to improve container gardening on a concrete surface
Identify this spiny seed from Northern California
What are these brown patches on my acanthocereus tetragonus (fairy castle cactus)?
Identify a doughnut-shaped free-spinning mower part
What are some non-sweet white corn varieties?
Why is my cactus purple?
Indoor house plant identification
What preventative action should I take against Fruit Flies?
Is shovel made of spring steel really worth it?
Will cutting grass help it spread?
Water soluble fertilizer
Identification of houseplant and diagnosis of its discontent
What&#39;s the best way to sharpen the blades of a reel mower?
Potted sweet peas have shot up quicker then expected
Is there anything I can put on my lawn to prevent my dog from digging?
Pruning a mimosa
Plants to grow over and cover up an ugly wall?
How do I control the broadleaf weeds taking over my centipedegrass lawn?
End of the Season Mint
Timeline for first organic garden in New England (Massachusetts)?
Is it safe to make a vegetable garden where there may have been lawn chemicals?
How do I kill a butterfly bush so it stays dead?
Chainsaw 18&quot; that actually starts
Should a compost bin have a roof?
Combine Two or More fruit Trees!
Turn existing asparagus bed into raised bed
Is there a way to save this half-dead evergreen tree?
How to flatten chicken wire?
How do I get rid of lawn grubs?
Can I save frost damaged tomatoes?
Raising soil level around tree
What nutrient solution is best for hydroponic basil?
Is it safe to use bleach around the yard?
When should I replant Home depot (Bonnie) tomato plants
How to get rid of Smilax aspera
Can someone help identify these two groundcover plants?
do &quot;real&quot; vegetable gardeners buy plants, or use seeds
Are there any fungal or plant counters to Juglone (walnut allelopathy)?
Help me identify and how to manage, this shrub in my new house yard
Is there a grassy plant that&#39;s unattractive to livestock without being poisonous?
Can I trim this shrub into a spiral shape?
Removing concrete border around stone patio
Will cutting a bolted lettuce plant allow it to regrow?
Do I need to line my wooden compost bin?
Am I doing the right thing with my chilli plants?
Why are the leaves on my bell pepper plant starting to turn yellow?
Forcing a clover takeover of my lawn
Effectiveness of Using Wood Chips (a la &quot;Back to Eden&quot;) as a garden mulch/covering?
Should I prune my Autumn-fruiting raspberries?
Venus Flytrap Won&#39;t Close on Flies......?
Desalinating plants (the botanical kind) which create fresh water
What is this white grub I found in my soil in southern England?
Is a 3 foot wide raised bed versatile enough?
Why are my tomato fruits developing black, mushy spots before they can ripen?
Is there anything I should avoid putting in compost that I am going to use for blueberries?
What can I use sawdust for in a garden?
How to grow Trailing Rosemary as a ground cover in very heavy clay?
Hard potatoes harvested
Common causes of burnt tips on herbs
Are my peppers underripe or just a different variety?
Can garlic grow without soil?
Identify this seed pod
Does anybody know this plant&#39;s Latin name?
Please identify and give suggestions on how to get rid of it
Where&#39;d the worms go?
What could be causing my blueberries to have a funny taste?
Municipality compost frozen
Should I compost my leaves separate from my vegetable kitchen waste?
Is a full spectrum 380-840nm white phosphor LED suitable for growing plants?
What ingredients in milk make it a good fertilizer?
Can a plant be too mature to transplant?
When should I hang my mason bee house?
How can I pump water from a rain barrel to my balcony?
What is the effectiveness of using companion plants for pest control?
Lemon tree leaf deformation
How Far Back To Prune Frost-Damaged Gardenias?
What to do about grubs in vegetable garden and potted tree?
What kind of flowering tree is this?
What is this small white flower, sprouting out of a single large leaf?
Planting to deter cats
I do not want to mow the lawn, how can I have a lawn without having to mow?
Why has the stem of my chili plant split?
Venus flytrap/Dionaea muscipula doesn&#39;t grow traps anymore
How close should a maple tree sapling be to marked utilities?
Can a lemon tree become an orange tree?
Tree ID question from Los Angeles County, California
Does soil need sunlight?
Why is my Swiss chard suddenly wilting?
Should I replace the soil every year in a raised bed that&#39;s on top of concrete?
How long does Spinach produce?
Should blueberry suckers be removed?
Do nutrients always flow downward in soil?
How can I prevent nettles creeping through my fence?
Smallest practical garden pond
Do bolting vegetables produce a toxin?
Is it safe to eat dandelions previously treated with a selective iron herbicide?
Ginger plant too tall for its own good
How can I prevent my banana tree from drying out?
What is this plant with no leaves and a thick red stalk?
How can I rescue my tree?
What is causing the leaves to develop brownish patches between the veins on my tomato plant?
Can I save this basil?
How do I kill this salt cedar?
What is the difference between pure horse manure and bedding manure?
Any suggestions on how to control clover and grass in a flowerbed?
Can anyone identify this seed/fruit and what tree it has come from?
What is this dead light brown patch on my lawn, and how do I get rid of it?
What is this tree with ovate-elliptical, serrate leaves, and racemes of small berries?
Is there a rule of thumb for what size of a pot you need to keep a plant in?
What is a perched water table?
If I plant strawberry plants in the fall, would I still need to pinch the flowers for the first year?
Why is the bark falling off the base of my Corkscrew Willow&#39;s trunk?
I planted seedlings with mint by accident... what do I do to save them?
Is there a way I can keep my plant off of my desk?
Why Hasn&#39;t my Cactus Grown Deadly Spines?
What is this 3 cm brown seed?
What is this tall plant with large leaves and long bunches of soft pink flowers?
Do pine beetles kill healthy pitch pines, or is it safe to plant seedlings to replace trees killed by them?
What is this little insect larvae on my cucumbers?
Why is my cactus droopy?
What can I do with unripe tomatoes when prepping a bed for winter?
How can I eradicate skunk cabbage from my yard?
Is this an Oak Tree?
What is this pink flowering alpine shrub?
What is this plant with white flowers found in the German Alps?
How do I treat and care for trees infested with borers?
Can I graft a branch of a sweet orange onto a sour orange tree to get sweet fruit?
Are cockroaches pests in the compost heap?
Can I successfully over-seed a lawn in the Spring in Colorado?
Identify this tree with two different types of leaves?
What to do against my Catalpa rooting in the neighbour&#39;s garden?
What is Etiolation?
How often can I harvest coppiced black-locusts?
How do I determine what the soil conditions are where I live?
Which of These Bonsais Are The Most Appropriate For My Climate?
Are aquarium-water nematodes harmful to plants?
How can I deal with broken glass spread out in my yard?
Garlic scapes drooping during a cold winter without much snow. Will they survive?
Can I measure chemical elements in soil myself?
What does &#39;standard&#39; mean when referring to shrubs and vines?
What is wrong with my ponytail palm?
Is peat moss nutritious enough for tomato seedlings?
How important is it to do irrigation system with new build?
Replanting out of control raspberries
Have a grafted fruit tree. Want to have less of one of the fruits
Will a 1/2&quot; tap hole injure a maple tree?
What is this weed, and how to remove it?
Starting seeds in egg cartons
What is this vine with large heart-shaped leaves found in western New York state?
How do I make my aloe plant beautiful again?
Should I use a mycorrhizal inoculant when transplanting 4.5&quot; caliper white oaks?
How to &#39;clean&#39; topsoil of weeds &amp; pests before giving it to a friend
Could a spider be causing my orchids and cactus to die?
My live berry plants have been here a week. When do I put them in the ground?
What fluorescent bulb is best for my tomato seedlings?
Why is my apple seedling shriveling up after like 15 min, every time I remove the plastic dome?
Is there actually such a thing as a ripe green pepper?
How to remember planting depth and spacing in the vegetable garden?
What is the usage of French Lavender ( lavandula dentata )?
What is &quot;parts&quot; in this potting soil recipe?
How can I keep mockingbirds off potted plants (ornamental peppers)?
What are the odds of getting a shea tree to grow in South Carolina, USA?
How can I organically prevent green caterpillars from eating up my kale plants?
Are slugs beneficial or detrimental?
How can I ensure my panda plant has enough light indoors?
What is the cause of the dead spots in my lilac bush?
How do I get rid of moles and mice humanely?
How to prevent mold growth on moss ( kept in a closed jar )?
Why is my hosta shrinking?
How do I remove Bermuda grass without destroying my cool-season lawn?
Cherry sapling has wilted leaves, dried trunk; is it dying?
Cold weather protection - fleece, mesh, polythene?
What time of year to mulch/feed trees?
What kind of lily is this?
Can I cover an evergreen shrub in winter?
What is this pink or blue colored flower with a white ring in the center?
What&#39;s digging holes in my indoor potted plants?
How can I get my Wandering Jew to flower?
How can I stop paperwhite bulbs from developing mold when forcing them inside?
How do I get rid of broad-leaved dock in my strawberry bed?
Why do ants appear around my panda plant?
Can I get rid of sap stains on my mulberry tree?
Can portulacas be overwintered indoors?
Can I force Sedum spectabile &#39;Neon&#39; to rebloom?
When is the best time to plant Knockout Roses in North Georgia?
How do I collect annual Dahlia seeds?
Should I start digging out a hill in the backyard in preparation for a retaining wall/patio?
Are Lady slipper orchids self fertile, and how can you pollinate them?
Is it worth paying the extra for F1 hybrid seeds?
What is this tree with dark, broad leaves?
What is the best way to over-winter bananas?
How old does English ivy (Hedera helix var.) have to be in order to flower?
In which part of the fridge should muscaris (grape hyacinths) be stored?
Looking for plant recommendations for newly landscaped front yard
Can any cacti be used as a scion on a non cactus succulent rootstock?
Are woodlice eating my carrots?
How old do night flowering cereus get before they bloom?
How can I pack my potted plants for moving (across the US)?
What insect/disease causes lemons to look like a Cthulhu and how can this be prevented?
Are there any varieties of Elephant Ear that are hardy enough to withstand a zone 6b winter?
Could I grow a Sochi tea plant (Camellia sinensis) in zone 6b?
Should my compost bin be on or off the ground?
Do wild asters cross with domestic ones?
Is it possible to grow an indoor tea plant?
Are lichens healthy for trees?
Do rye or oats make a better winter cover for a poor soil vegetable garden?
How can I grow moss on our fireplace?
What are these Jordanian plants?
Is this chili plant dead?
Is there a way to recycle old potting soil?
Is High-Intensity Discharge (HID) lighting better overall than Compact Fluoresent Lighting (CFL)?
How do I start tree seeds?
Are these tomato plants ready to be replanted in to my bigger pots?
Keeping my ground cover planting free of unwanted vines and weeds
How should flowers be used as a companion in a vegetable plot?
How much additional fertilizer should I add to a vegetable garden?
What is this white-flowered ground cover plant?
Mushrooms in mulch: that&#39;s OK, right?
What ground cover would be best for my old stone driveway?
Should I use Roundup in irrigation ditches?
Is it a good idea to make a brick patio on my septic tank?
Should I be using pre-emergent or post-emergent herbicide? 
Should I just trim the leaves when I harvest my herbs?
Is Poke Milkweed nice or nasty?
Are there any common allelopathic plants suitable as a pre-lawn winter cover crop?
Does anyone have experience with a lemon tree as an indoor bonsai?
Does spraying water on fruit trees after a frost help?
Where can I find a large shrub to replace one that died in a hedge? (See details)
Can I plant bulbs (e.g. tulips) under a lemon tree?
Is there any kind of plant or vine that can grow so thick as to replace the need for sheetrock?
Can I put a compost pile under a tree?
What is this woody plant?
What is this furry, prickly leafed plant, found in the UK?
Do I need an extra filter for aquaponics
How do I get rid of wild grape vines?
Why are my eggplant seedlings not thriving?
How late in the spring can I still plant a citrus tree in Phoenix, Arizona?
Will peanut seeds grow if they are missing their papers and/or split in half?
How do I manage roots in a multi-plant planter?
roses: re-plant or salvage?
Does fish emulsion (or another foliar feed) work as a foliar fertilizer on needle leaved evergreens?
How often should I water my vegetable garden in Arizona in the summer
What are the green shoots coming out from under my tree?
Is a vertical, soil vegetable garden a bad idea?
How to protect vegetable garden from pests (possibly squirrels or possums)?
Is there any reason not to build super-tall raised beds?
Are large strawberries supposed to be fan-shaped?
What is this purple flowering ground cover?
Personal Health: Garden Labor and back injury
What is this tall tree with needle-like leaves?
When can a tomato plant come back from the &quot;dead&quot;?
Are these lilacs/something else?
What kind of bug is this and do I need to get rid of it?
How can I encourage moss to grow on my lawn?
What is the medium-leaved, thick-stemmed plant?
What is causing the bark on my crabapple to crack and peel off?
Are cordless electric string trimmers &quot;good enough&quot; for a medium sized yard?
Which US states restrict rain water harvesting?
Mycorrhizae Innoculant. When/where/on what do I use this?
How to replace the grass in a yard?
What tools do I need to build stone steps?
How do I work safely with stone?
Orange mold-like substance seems to be killing my bedding plants
How steep can a landscaped path/ramp be to qualify as accessible?
Do I have to line the bottom of my vegetable garden with a wire mesh
How to recover a stressed hemlock?
Is there any replacement for the privacy that the thick undergrowth in woods provide?
Are my autumn blaze maple trees dying?
Is rock dust a non-renewable resource?
What kind of light is needed for moss and ferns?
How can I keep spiders out of the shed?
What are these critters in my guava tree and do I need to get rid of them?
Trimming back a Meyer Lemon tree
How &amp; when should I prune a Weigela bush?
How far apart should bush beans be when planted in blocks instead of rows?
What type of plant is this?
Do I need to/should I till up lawn before putting raised beds on top?
How can I safely prune a melon vine?
How much should I be watering my peach, pear and plum trees?
White stuff on roots
My tree has root damage: how can I save it?
Is there a plant which can withstand heat up to 40 degree Celsius?
Why are my lemons cracking?
How can I stop vine borers from killing my squash?
What is this insect with rough brown shell on potatoes?
What is this disease on the growing tips of my peppers, and how can I control it?
Best practices to grow haskap bush: Lonicera caerulea edulis
When are ground cherries ripe?
Is there a way to encourage needle re-growth in fir trees?
What are good plants for sandy soil?
Can I graft a Navel or Valencia orange tree onto an established citrus tree?
What&#39;s causing these yellow veins on my Okra leaves?
Ideas for a good green mulch for a shady area?
How do you remove weeds from a weed mat?
What is growing in my garden that is pale yellow and pill shaped?
I want to grow bonsai from seeds. What are some of the easiest tree species to start with?
Will brickwork affect the water quality of a pond?
Grafting compatibility
Pumpkins in Florida
How can I control weeds in asparagus
What is this tall, fast growing plant?
Pineapple or Date Palm?
Landscaping to Reduce Visual Size of Home
Why does my pumpkin patch have only male blossoms?
Squash or gourd? Monster plant growing from mulch put on empty bed
When removing a tree branch, should I paint the exposed part of the tree?
Colorado Plant/Weed Identification Thistle thing with purple flowers
Growing Cape Gooseberries in Brisbane, Australia
Plants to dry out a soggy lawn
Does oxygenated watering benefit deep clay?
How do I get rid of nettles in an organic way?
Why does a corn cob turn black?
What chemicals react with greenhouse plastic and cause it to turn white?
Can anyone identify this weed with jagged leaves and tiny white flowers?
Identify Common Lawn Varieties
How can I protect my citrus tree leaves from being eaten?
Please help me ID this apple or apple-like bush/tree in my yard - Small green apple with no stem and thorns
Second opinion: Arborist says tree needs to go
What is this grub-like bug that&#39;s eating my eggplant leaves?
My tree is a wasp magnet, what can I do to get rid of them?
Can you help identify this fragrant tree?
Can someone identify this plant with a strangely shaped leaf?
How to prepare a small vege garden for Toronto&#39;s winter?
Is my tree too close to my house?
Glyphosate (Roundup) effectiveness and rain
Keeping lawn out of garden beds
are yellow ladybugs a threat to tomato plants?
How do I repair my lawn this late in the year?
Should I prune Rudbeckia for winter?
How do I recover from an over fertilized yard
Improving the quality of the soil after newspapers laying
I&#39;m trying to identify this succulent
Is it normal for an Aloe vera to become spidery after blooming?
New construction, rough top soil spread, how to flatten it?
When would I prefer a shovel with a rounded blade over one with a pointed blade?
Leafiest Tropical Tree
What is the best light spectrum for growing chili peppers?
When does a queen palm need trimming?
Can someone identify this Bonsai tree?
how far will pine tree roots spread?
What is the risk of using 4% 2T mixture in a chainsaw that needs 2% 2T?
When to transplant spruce tree sprout from a small bucket
can I graft without pruning?
Plant recommendations for tropical food forest shrub layer
How do you grow a Lotus flower from seed?
What to look for in a good electric chainsaw?
Plant coming up under creeping junipers and in other parts of perennial gardens
Transplanting into seedling starter?
An evolution in grafting
How to best care for mature trees?
Why don&#39;t my Roma tomatoes reach full size?
What is the right way to prune a mulberry tree?
How do I prune an apple tree so it will grow short?
Low maintenance evergreen shade-tolerant container climbers for UK
What kind of palm tree is this and how do I care for it?
What care does yucca need outdoors in New Hampshire?
Will dead-headed dandelions flowers germinate in lawn?
Glass vs plastic greenhouse covering: pros and cons
Composting large amount of loose tea
How do I fix the worst lawn on the street?
How do I water my full grown cherry tree?
What is this white mold infesting my tomato plants?
Little white stones appearing in the soil of my plants
What is this 4&quot; to 5&quot; long, light red chili?
Why have my lemon seedlings stopped growing and turned yellow?
Why is my chili plant drying out when the soil is moist?
How can I dispose of gravel?
Small tomato plants have purplish stems
How do I avoid overfilling raised beds if I&#39;m adding substantial manure annually?
Ash OR Composting?
When is it ok to prune an overgrown apple tree?
Plants like chimney sprouting in Iran - what are they?
What is this succulent weed?
When should I plant my grape?
Could rain barrels be considered suitable substitutes for rain gardens?
What is this vine (with purple flowers), and can I transplant/spread it?
What are these red &quot;quills&quot; on my willow tree?
What are the alternatives to AeroGarden
Is there a tree database or tree suggestion engine out there?
Drought-tolerant grass for sunny, wet Texas clay
How can I determine when to pick a cucumber that is spiny?
Do I need to leave space at the base of a plant so that air can get into the soil?
Why won&#39;t my mulberry tree set fruit?
What should I do with these young tomato plants in the middle of august?
What products should I fill raised garden beds with?
Can blueberries be grown in a raised garden bed?
How do I keep my compost bin from breeding bugs?
Propagate an apple tree
Identifying the type of mint
What is this weed and how can I kill it?
Painting concrete pots to help conserve water
Mystery in Pennsylvania garden
Which end is up when planting a mango seed?
Do porch lights affect how grass grows?
Can you propagate a bamboo plant from cuttings?
Cedar Hedge drying from the inside
Shaping my new bonsai
Can I use ragwort tansy as an alternative pest control?
Does mixing ash with your potting soil make a difference?
Can my DIY grey water bio filter system be improved?
What to do with Autumn sown peas now they&#39;re showing?
What are the best components for producing compost which supply maximum nutrients?
Is this mint fungus, or over/under watering my plant?
Is it better to plant many seeds in one hole or few?
How to grow wax apple / jambu (Syzygium samarangense)?
How to strengthen a leggy pomegranate sapling?
Identity of this plant (yellow snap-dragon looking flower)
What happens if you don&#39;t use a trellis for berries?
Root system of an evergreen tree
What is the name of this bamboo looking plant?
What is this 3 metre tall shrub whose bottom comes from lots of thick stems?
Transfering a plant to a larger pot
What is this thorny leafless tree with lumpy yellow fruit?
How do electric tillers compare with gas powered ones?
Depth of containers for indoor gardens
Mango seed growing, but not producing leaves
Nutritional value of home-compostable plastic?
What is a good shrub for privacy for the Pacific Northwest USA?
What kind of disease does my orange tree have?
Apple trees for an urban backyard
What is this purple dried flower?
How to save my 1-meter-high Aloe Vera plant which broke off at the stem?
Looking for basic info/resources for drip irrigation
What to do about squiggly white lines on artichoke leaves?
Does anyone know what this wildflower is?
Replacing a strimmer&#39;s nylon fibre line?
Oak tree - arborist says needs to be removed?
Two-dimensional plant spacing
How should I stabilize a tree with a malformed root ball?
How can I water the plants on my balcony without dripping water on my downstairs neighbor?
What color should a greenhouse be?
What should I do to improve a lawn growing on a new construction lot?
Can I use sweet potato leaves as a dynamic accumulator?
Identity of this northern California perennial
What would be a low- or no-irrigation lawn replacement for USDA zone 8B?
What kind of trees can be kept in an apartment?
Planting shrubs on a gently sloped landscape.
What is this spiky-leaved, white-flowered plant that grows from a bulb?
Is it possible for a transplanted baby Maple to grow into a Bonsai tree?
What is short litter and how is it made?
What plant is this? It&#39;s definitely not a cactus
After picking strawberries, how should I prune the fruiting stems?
Preparation for a new lawn to prevent weeds and encourage growth
What insects killed this red cabbage?
Should I remove what remains of a seed from the top of a sprout?
How much space do watermelon plants need? What do I need to know to transplant seedlings?
Does it matter if I cull the flower or fruit for higher fruit quality?
What is this bushy plant with serrated leaves and small yellow flowers?
What is the name of this tree and is it dangerous for our daughter?
What is this native North American ground cover?
Slug, Fungus, or other?
What&#39;s affecting this tomato plant?
What is the best mowing direction on a hill?
How can I repair an apple espalier that broke off above the first lateral tier?
What is this 2&#39; high plant with curved spikes of white flowers, growing in eastern Massachusetts?
Can I use the output from a house boiler to heat a greenhouse?
What is this plant with white bracts around the inflorescence?
Should I still continue to plant a potato that turned green?
What is causing the rotting/brown spots on my plum fruit?
Can I graft an orange tree to a hardier northern root stock?
Is there a way I can deter geese from visiting my yard and pond?
Identify this grass and provide hints on removal
Ground cover for 2000 sq.ft (half full sun / half partial shade) with 60&#186; slope
How can I remove locust eggs from the soil, and prevent future infestations?
What is this pink/lavender flowering shrub?
What is the name of this plant with purplish-brown and scented flower?
Can I still use the mint leaves after the plant has flowered?
Scale infestation (Euonymus scale)
What do people mean when they talk about soil going sour?
What is the name of symmetrical, orange/red flower?
Do coffee grounds in gardens deter cats?
Is it okay to locate a garden on top of a septic drain field?
How would you trellis a melon plant?
What&#39;s this seed? Maple? Sycamore?
What can I replace my garden with?
What causes cucumber leaves to turn yellow, brown, wilt, die, and the plants to stop producing?
What are some heat tolerant nutritious greens I could plant for a tortoise?
What unclean water can I give to my plants?
What is this white-and-purple, five-petaled flower?
Is there an enzyme/compound I can use to quickly rot fallen fruit?
What are the uptake and decay rates for Spectracide&#174; Weed Stop&#174; for Lawns?
Should I plant a Common Hackberry tree in my front yard for shade?
What is this large plant with spikes of hot pink bracts and lavender, trumpet shaped flowers, that&#39;s growing in South Africa?
Can the castor oil plant (Ricinus communis) build up toxicity in my soils?
How long can a bell pepper plant thrive while maintained indoors?
Is it possible to have an odorless/near odorless indoor vermicompost?
Is it beneficial to drop earthworms or red wrigglers into container plants?
How can I control mint rust?
How effective are praying mantis in keeping a garden clear of pests?
How fast does human manure turn into compost?
Measuring height difference over 200 meters without clear line of sight?
How do I get ready for a stump grinding, and how long afterwards should I wait to replant?
Do I need to change the irrigation for my Shamel Ash trees?
What are these trees in the front of the picture?
Are low double deer fences effective in keeping deer out?
How far down do I need to dig when sifting out rocks from a garden?
What is killing my moss?
Can I plant tulip or daffodil bulbs in 6&quot; of soil, over a concrete foundation?
What is this flower that smells like a skunk?
What are the consequences of espalier on a non dwarf tree?
How can I get weed seeds out of a gravel bed?
Does a Japanese maple require special care when a post-hole is dug in the root system?
How do you collect and keep cucumber seeds for planting the next year?
How far apart should I space Thuja &#39;Green Giant&#39;?
Can I save the berries from a Big Blue Liriope (Liriope muscari) and plant them next spring?
How can I save seeds from strawberries?
How do I grow strawberries from seed?
What is this disease on my lime plant?
Can I overwinter runner bean seedlings for cropping the next season?
How does one harvest aloe vera leaves?
Is this plant an indoor palm of some kind?
Do cloned tomatillos pollinate each other?
Can I grow mint from cuttings indefinitely?
Is it possible to turn a tumbler compost too frequently?
Is it possible for an almond tree to grow in a tropical country?
Why is my Majesty palm getting dried out, when the soil is moist and I&#39;m misting the foliage daily?
What happened? - Chilli plants are developing spots on leaves and the edges are curling
How should I prune a common fig for best productivity?
What is this cactus with flat pads and spines growing in small patches?
What is the name of this tree found in Switzerland?
What is the name of this tree? - currently a bonsai
Can I water indoor fruit trees with aquarium water?
What kind of bamboo is this?
How fast do banana plants grow?
What is the name of this plant and how to make it grow horizontal branches?
How do I get rid of mice without hurting the birds that might feed on them?
What is this large, woody plant with compound leaves, found in zone 6a?
Is there any merit to my wacky idea to grow a Purslane lawn?
What is this weed with tiny yellow flowers found in eastern Australia?
Should I rotate border vegetables, or plant a perimeter of onions/scallions each year?
Basil &amp; Catnip Fail to Germinate
What LED light should I choose for a specific PAR watt need?
How can I help my young mulberry tree grow a thicker stem?
Aerate, de-thatch &amp; overseed. Is this really the correct order?
Can I add commercial roses to my compost pile?
How does the &quot;Ketchup &#39;n&#39; Fries&quot; plant produce both tomatoes and potatoes? Is it safe?
Tulip bulbs, plant them late or keep them until next year
What will speed the decomposition of a tree stump?
At what point do seedlings start to need nutrients?
white material on roots of apple tree?
What kind of mulch should I avoid for vegetable garden paths?
Do Pawpaws do well in common landscape settings in hardiness zones 6B?
Why do small fruit fall off chilli plants?
Can I cover a tree stump to prevent mushrooms from growing from it? ‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍
What&#39;s causing the edges of my blueberry leaves to burn?
How can I predict the best time to put a hummingbird feeder outside in the spring?
What is this flower with five mottled green petals that are fused together?
Are bird&#39;s nest ferns deeply rooted?
What is this climbing plant with blue flowers?
Is bottom heat important for successful germination of flower seeds?
Should I remove dead grass/weeds from my raised beds before planting?
How can I save Yew bush branches severely bent by snow and ice?
What are the practical differences between cucurbits grown from seed and cuttings?
How should I grow Moneymaker tomato plants in indoor containers?
How to fix a broken cactus
Adenium Boehmianum branches
What is this cactus with paper-looking spindles sticking out all around?
Can I eat carrots with wormholes in them?
Rue with white dots and some 3mm white bugs
How to best care for redcurrants that were transplanted last autumn?
Is total darkness acceptable for tomatoes to recover from transplant shock?
How do I remove moss from patio?
Can you use plastic mulch in the vegetable garden without drip irrigation?
Identify ant-like pests under rock
Why should I prune roots of bare root blackberries before planting?
What are some good cheap self-watering containers?
Why aren&#39;t my gooseberries thriving?
Using clothesline in the garden - what needs the most support?
Soybean oil as insect repellent?
Controlling Coriander/Cilantro 
Does my garden brickwork need mortar?
Is it safe to compost junk mail?
How can I limit my Norway Spruce to one top (trunk)?
How should I transition my Thanksgiving Cactus to artificial indoor light?
What to do about fungus in lawn?
What is causing a white rash to appear on the leaves of Pedilanthus tithymaloides?
What are some oxygen producing plants for a small room?
How can I grow Norway Spruce from seed?
What is the best way to keep a tree growing straight?
How is a Sugarcane Jujube different from a regular Jujube?
What are the red berry-like structures at the base of my gardenia&#39;s flowers?
What are some succulent plants that are suitable to be planted indoors?
Should I water less in Autumn and Winter in Hong Kong?
How do I take care of a Port Jackson fig bonsai?
Will a snowball viburnum thrive in the San Francisco bay area (Fremont)?
How do I save a dying fern?
 Is it a good idea to build a paver patio near a large established tree?
Why does my holiday cactus have a three cornered stem segment?
Why is the ground  moving around my tree?
How should I care for the rhizome of a small canna seedling?
What is the ideal onion spacing/layout?
How do I control fire ants in the mulch around my tree?
What is the typical &quot;mileage&quot; for a gasoline chainsaw?
How should I replant  this daffodil?
Can a large-ish Elaeagnus be transplanted?
How do you overwinter a container plant?
How do I landscape a sloping and flood-susceptible yard?
How do I figure out where the dead-end is in a sprinkler system?
Is there any way to estimate the gallons per minute that a sprinkler system would use?
What&#39;s a good successor crop to snow peas in a narrow bed against a West-facing wall?
What kinds of miniature fruit shrubs/trees can be grown in a reasonably sized container?
How should I grow calla lilies?
What is this houseplant?
Stevia Plant, aka. Sweetleaf, Sugarleaf, Sweet Herb - where to get seeds?
What is a suitable slope for a lawn to drain water away from a house?
What flowers and shrubs will grow without outside help?
What is the name of this plant?
How do I harden tomato plant seedlings?
How do I start sweet potatoes off?
How to prevent heirloom varieties from weakening?
Is it possible to connect a funny pipe to a polyethylene tube?
Deer ate lily buds last year: will the bulbs survive this year?
How can I determine if I have sufficient light for kohleria?
What is the root span of Dwarf Southern Magnolia &#39;Little Gem&#39;?
Why did the samaras on my maple suddenly turn pink?
How should I care for my  Calendula?
Are some varieties of Paulownia sterile?
Protect flowering fruit trees from frost
What&#39;s this hard, brown bug with lots of legs and will it harm my veggies?
What&#39;s the difference between a redwood and a sequoia?
What are these black spots on white splotches appearing on my tomato seedling?
How can I attach three oscillating sprinklers to one hose?
Perpetually unhealthy tree. Suggestions? [Pics]
How should I care for my Dutch Iris plants?
Letting basil loose. Will it die?
Can I kill dandelions and bull thistle with darkness?
What is this small, daisy-like wildflower found in open woods?
What vegetables/seeds/fruits at the grocery store can be viably replanted?
What is this leaf miner / tenter in my small bush/tree?
What is this little narrow leaved rosette forming plant?
Is a weed whacker able to whack weeds?
Why aren&#39;t my morning glories sprouting this year?
How should I dethatch zoysia without harming it?
Is my dwarf orange tree too young to bear fruit?
Why can&#39;t you get organic fertilizers in powder form?
Is it OK to use a trimmer when my reel mower does not work?
What are some recommendations for a potted orange tree?
Will dandelion spray made with iron supplements work?
How can I verify the total extraction of dandelion roots?
How do I stop palm trees from sprouting from the side?
How should I be fertilizing my container tomatoes?
What is the proper method for repairing the holes left behind after pulling dandelions?
What can I do about this fern?
What is this flying insect?
What is this tropical-style houseplant?
Are there trees with edible fruit from the family Mimosaceae?
Can I make my Jade plant grow faster?
Is this parsley plant too advanced to be salvaged for use with cooking
Advice on planting potatoes with long sprouts
What do I need to know to build stone steps?
How is natural stone sold and what should I know?
What problems should I expect to encounter when building stone steps?
What would be a good &quot;cat grass&quot; for the central Texas heat?
Cleaning up leaves in a rock landscaped garden
What kind of broad-leaved tree is this?
How to make a fake scare owl, and do different animals respond to different abstractions?
How to safely control a fire after clearing woods
Are blackberries hard to control?
How do I increase the chance of growing a garlic plant from a clove?
Are these yellow spots due to heat?
Can someone identify this vine for me?
Meshed-hole Direct Composting design - please comment, suggest changes, advise
Can I espalier a regular black cherry tree starting with 1&quot; trunk, 6&#39; tall?
Can I cover the roots of my cherry tree?
Orange tree has pest or blight
Looking for recommendations for houseplants to freshen up air that do not grow much
For fruit trees, is it better to plant a single multigrafted tree, or multiple trees in one hole?
Can I save a jade from root rot?
Would this citrus fertilizer be suitable for chili peppers?
How can I control growth on a steep hill?
Pruning leaves from bell pepper plants
Negative effects of water pooling in garden
My lawn got no water for a week. Is there hope?
How do I remove the weeds and lay the lawn
Is spinach which has bolted as unusable as bolted lettuce?
When building a cinder block wall, how do I attach/level the stacked blocks?
What is this small annual with white trumpet-shaped flowers?
Leaves at the tip on new branches of my cherry-trees are wrinkled
Holes in our landscaping
Buying citrus trees online in Arizona
Restoring overwatered rosemary
How to care for cilantro indoors
How do I pick the right type of grass for my lawn?
Bag worm infestation on small pine trees
Why do some of my zucchini shrivel and turn yellow at the blossom end?
What is this small plant with tiny white flowers and tiny saw-teethed leaves?
UK: Transfer Blueberry from pot to ground?
What best practices should I follow when using a manual reel lawn mower?
Why are holes and divots typically filled with a sand mix?
Is there an almond that grows inside a peach?
How to have constant supply of dill throughout summer?
Can I use red clay bricks for an organic veggie raised bed? What about mortar?
Is it safe to add compostable plastics to my compost pile?
Are new caterpillar eggs added daily to a brassica that&#39;s already under attack?
Why do all my chilli plants stop growing?
Where can I go to get a maintenance plan for my existing landscaping?
Are spreading spider plants a problem?
How do you attract and keep worms in your garden?
Is my tree bleeding to death?
Can I grow coffee outside of tropical climate zones?
How do you mark lawn sprinkler heads?
Is painting grass green for the sake of making it green for real?
What could be wrong with this leaf blower?
Identify this sprawling vine with five-lobed leaves with serrated edges
Need to identify this plant please?
Wintering Carnivorous Plants
Ants and white/gray/brown spores all over my gardenia
Help identifying South Florida tree with large pink flowers that appear annually for a short time in the fall
How tall will my Dracaena fragrans grow?
Why are my Freesias sprouting in the fall?
Will onion sets overwinter in USDA zone 4?
An unexpected brown-violet mushroom in my garden
Lawn-mowing: when to mulch and when to bag?
Difference between Espalier and Topiary
Making poinsettia leafs red
When to use grass seed vs. &quot;weed and feed&quot;
When to Plant Avocado
Building a concrete divider for a lawn/garden bed
How to grow new leaves on rubber plant after they fall off
I just planted a Paperwhite bulb and I broke the roots. Will it still grow?
How long do Nepenthes leaves last without traps
Which kinds of herbs can be grown in flower pots?
What&#39;s killing this succulent?
Is it possible to grow bulb onions in a container garden?
How can I control erosion and weeds on a rock retaining wall?
Can I replace my lawn mower&#39;s blade with any brand blade?
Can anybody identify this house plant?
Why do plants require or prefer their specific type of soil? Is it fine if the same type of soil is used for all of them?
How do I prevent growth of fungus on outer wall of ceramic pots?
How much light is enough for indoor plants?
What is this little leaved plant?
Best Resources for a new DIY&#39;er Getting Started?
&quot;Saving&quot; an unattended yard?
help me identify this plant, has this special fruit
What is this late-summer red flower?
How to grow Rosemary indoors over the winter?
Is it really an Orchid plant? If yes, then which variety of it?
Pine Borer Beetle Infestation
How can I get lemon trees to bear fruit?
Is eye-level coppicing of trees unique to Turkey, and what species are typically involved?
How should I care for a potted apple seedling?
Is it safe to use pressure-treated wood for raised beds that have been lined with plastic?
What plant is this and what do I do with it?
Are antibiotics helpful when propagating a plant
What is this bush/tree and can it be heavily pruned?
What are some reasons why a blueberry bush&#39;s leaves turn yellow?
Would a forsythia at edge of kitchen garden cause problems?
How can I get rid of ticks in my garden?
Squirrel and crows eating rose buds and leaves of plants
Is corn a fruit or a vegetable or a nut?
When and how should I pot on propagated plants?
What is this opening on the bottom of my tomato plant&#39;s stem?
Why are my cucumber leaves turning yellow?
Is there a particular term for &#39;large bonsai&#39;?
What is this plant with green leaves and white marks?
Composting in Madison, WI : Sun or Shade
Keeping mulch from washing off of banks and steep inclines
Is this normal for a push reel mower?
Care for young Raspberry plants
How to replace my gas hedge trimmer rope starter
Is throwing grass seed without dirt enough?
How can I weed trim without damaging a fence?
Watering of tomato plants with plastic bottles
Why are my hydroponic peas wilting right after planting?
My first strawberries of the season are not very flavorful
What is this plant and does it require a lot of sunshine?
Effective weed elimination along paved driveway
Will indoor-grown strawberries flower multiple times, if grown all year long?
Why do I have standing water in the saucer after repotting my rubber plant?
Is it a problem that the stems of my mint cuttings are curling?
Adding dirt/soil to a compost bin?
Why are my raspberry&#39;s leaves curling up?
Small orange blobs on surface of compost
Is this colored (brown, red, yellow) and hairy caterpillar dangerous for my strawberries?
Killing weeds with vinegar/soap solution
Is Imidan and/or Captan on fruit trees resilient to rain?
What bamboo species for a container-bound green wall?
What is the disease or organism that is causing this issue with my raspberry plants?
How often can you produce cuttings from mint?
How do I deter a pesky groundhog from eating my vegetables?
What&#39;s the most hardy red fleshed apple for the Pacific Northwest?
Increasing Olive Pollination
Bonsai identification and pruning tips
Did this saucer magnolia likely suffer a mortal wound?
How much water does a grape vine need?
What is this plant with long thin leaves with serrated edges and spikes of pink flowers?
What are these weird lumps on this spruce tree?
Can I build a raised bed from cinder blocks without using mortar?
How to recover a weeping silver birch that&#39;s growing straight
What combination of herbs are good to plant in the same window box?
What should I do with unharvested berries on my loganberry plant?
Which tomato variety is this?
Should eggplants be caged?
What are these white bugs on my tomatoes?
Is it possible to cultivate grape in rainy weather?
Weeds, Grass, Soil: What to fix first?
How Do I Determine The Best Watering Schedule For My Lawn?
Do I always use the thickest possible line in grass trimmer?
Does grass absorb juglone from black walnut trees?
A fire burnt my Leylandii hedge, what should I do?
Closed bin compost collecting water at the bottom
Need some help identifying a plum tree
Help identifying a tree in Southwest Florida
What should I do with yarrow once it has stopped blooming?
How should I do about dry patches in my Leylandii hedge?
Clearing composted matter from weed seeds by using heat
What&#39;s eating this Weigela Shrub?
Do I need to disinfect my trellis?
Why are my plants doing badly for the 2nd year in a row?
Is there a creeping plant that will absorb pollen, dust and pollutants?
What is the name of the purple flower that opens in the morning and closes in the evening?
Are chemical fertilizers poisonous to people or animals?
Tree growing back after being cut down
Should a citrus tree growing very close to the house be killed?
What thickness of twinwall polycarbonate should I use for my greenhouse?
Why doesn&#39;t my fig tree produce fruit?
What is this succulent?
What is this plant that closes its leaves when you touch it?
Can you help me identify this plant?
caterpillar identification and eradication
identify the type of cactus
What is this flowering shrub from Algonquin Park?
What is wrong with my lemon tree?
How to handle this chili plant?
Remove beautiful Weeping Willow or grind the roots?
What are these 3-foot tall plants in southwest Florida?
Tomato blight clear-up
How does Guano improve plant life?
What exactly happens to potting soil if it is stored for a long period of time?
Can you grow plant roots in fish tank?
Neem oil: how toxic is it (seeking proof)?
What is this large houseplant with long oval leaves?
Winter Watering time of day? At what temperature do I cover any of the plants with plastic tarp?
Can you have too much drainage in a garden?
What are the rocks called they use in hydroponic / aquaponic growing containers?
Is there a clean alternative to top soil as lawn topdressing?
Pruning of apple tree
Can I grow coffee plants in my garden?
Lawn border to stop grass growth
How can I remove moles from my lawn?
Where can I find a &quot;bee melon&quot;?
What type of wax plant is this?
Getting tomatoes to grow
Tomato Disease treatment
Can I grow spider plants in coffee?
How do I eliminate tomato cracking?
Getting a grapefruit tree to bear fruit in Phoenix, AZ?
How do I deal with &#39;compostable&#39; bags?
What should I do to encourage my Hyacinth to flower again?
Peas as green manure
Please help identify weird tree?
How do I prevent my soil from compacting?
How to keep my roses fresh?
When should I see growth on my Morning Glory?
Why didn&#39;t my amaryllis send up a flower stalk? Will it ever?
Can I drill drainage holes on the side of the container?
How can I tell if my chilli plant is perennial?
Comparison of efficiency of different light colors / spectrums
How can I really get rid of henbit?
Is there fertilizer management web site available?
How long can aloe last without water?
Benefits of dethaching your lawn
Watering clover seeds
Does pruning the tree slow root growth?
Is there a model out there for companion planting
How to identify real holy basil?
How should I care for newly planted saplings on a slope?
How can I make indoor composting a success?
Can anyone identify this plant found in a rooftop garden?
Small aloe vera in small pot - will it get too big?
root cut off from large tree
What is this plant with spiky leaves found on a beach in Indonesia?
Can I plant this mango seed
Harvested cane with new growth?
Why has my cactus has turned red/ beige at its base?
Blocking Wind on a Rooftop Garden
What are the pros and cons of rubber vs wood mulches?
Why are the lower leaves of my tropical Guava yellowing and dropping?
How do I fix an area of grass that was ruined using a vinegar/salt treatment of dandelions?
What is this small plant with 3 inch long leaves?
How do I determine what vegetables I can grow on a hot arid island in June?
Is this poison oak?
Advice for late tomato/pepper starts
What is this spiky-leaved plant with short lived yellow flowers?
What are these white streaks on my tomato plant?
What grass types will survive in areas of standing water that last for up to a week?
Why does my mint have dry, brown or black leaves and stems that are falling over?
How should I save a palm I repotted too high?
When is the best time to trim cedar hedges?
Applied moss killer but changed my mind - how to undo?
What landscaping and erosion control ideas can I use on a hillside with sandy soil?
What is the minimum hydroponic pot size?
Is this a horseweed?
What kind of grass is this?
What is this shrub with fan shaped toothed leaves and small white blooms, and what are these small bugs?
What is this saw tooth leaved plant, and will it flower and attract bees?
Should I use tap water for my Aloe and Lucky Bamboo?
What conditions cause trunk sprouts on oak trees?
How Can I Get a Watertight Seal on my Drip System?
What should I do to make my strawberry a perennial?
Why are my zucchini flowers closed?
What is this low growing plant with trifoliate leaves?
How should I prune a half-dead bush of rosemary?
Why do the leaves of my avocado tree have brown edges and spots?
What are these growths on my winter hardy Opuntia?
Is inosculating trees for shape practical for the home garden?
How to prevent raspberries from shriveling before they&#39;ve matured?
Plant Identification (greece, attica)
Can white pines be sheared or trimmed?
Should I re-plant my unbalanced indoor lucky bamboo plant, or will something else work?
Why is my Australian Tree Fern&#39;s leaves curling up at the ends and looking kind of burnt?
Are my tomato plants damaged by a chemical or a disease?
Is it possible to grow nepenthes without a terrarium?
Pumpkin sprout and pepper plants have holes in leaves
How large can potted patio trees grow in the US northeast?
What is this fast growing plant and should I rip it out?
What is this plant growing in my backyard?
How can I support oranges as they grow?
What is this succulent plant bought from a botanical garden?
How do I remove oak seedlings which sprouted in my garden?
How do I get rid of root suckers in my yard from my neighbor&#39;s big tree?
How should I deadhead a Hydrangea?
Are my Emerald Arborvitaes recoverable?
Will I run into trouble if I water houseplants with carbonated water?
Starting growing herbs inside, is there anything I should worry about?
Why is my new Acer tree dying?
Why are strawberries cooled before planting, and what is a term for this procedure?
What is the advantage of a raised bed over clay soil vs just amending the clay soil?
What are these 3&#39; to 5&#39; tall plants from my new back yard, and how should I remove them?
What should I do when a courgette-plant&#39;s stem has split open?
What is this lawn weed with cut-edged leaves and five petaled pink-purple flowers, found in Belgium?
I want to lower the pH of my soil around my blueberries without changing the pH of the entire bed
How to cut optimally the basil on my balcony?
What are these insects laying eggs on the underside of this butterfly flower leaf?
What houseplants will best filter the air for a retirement home?
What is causing yellow spots with &#39;hair growth&#39; on the underside of the leaves on my tree?
What is a good distance to keep grapevines from the house when using them for shading?
What kind of shrub or bush is this, black berries, elongated leaves?
What is this tree with alternate leaves, and large green fruits?
White, fur like strands and spots on underside of chilli plant leaves
Why are my lilacs dying and what can I do about it?
Bouquet of pink roses not blooming
Dry brown patches on cayenne chilli plant leaves, leaves starting to curl, tiny black spots
What is this vigorous plant
Why should I prune my avocado plant already when only two weeks old?
Are clear or opaque tarps better for solarization?
Is testing the pH of soil with cabbage juice accurate?
Why is my drip line spraying, not dripping?
Would it be better for me to set up my garden in the fall, or wait until spring?
What are these lines on tomato leaves?
What are these small yellow bugs that are attacking my eggplant, and how can I stop them?
Why does my garden centre say these plants are annuals?
Should I seal the wounds where limbs were removed on a crape myrtle?
What is this double pink/purple flower growing from a small potted plant?
What&#39;s wrong with my dwarf cherry tree&#39;s leaves?
What&#39;s causing my cucumber &amp; melon vines to wither away?
Does it make sense to plant a cover crop in raised beds?
What&#39;s a good ground cover to cover a rock wall in heavy shade in Massachusetts?
How may I quell the fungus among-us?
Is there a way to discourage blackbirds, but not other birds, from visiting my yard?
Can I cover mature tree roots with fresh wood chips?
Requirements for successful Blueberry bush planting
When should I harvest my carrots?
Which grass is best suited as an indoor perennial?
What are all the methods to control powdery mildew?
How can I get a Morning Glory that was cut back to flower before the season&#39;s end?
Can excess NPK fertilizer damage my container-grown plants?
Why Do Trees In Swampy or Wet Areas Change Color Earlier?
What is this vine with heart-shaped leaves found in Northern California?
What are these mushrooms growing in the shade in Houston, Texas?
What are these small black things appearing on my cucumber leaves, and are they harmful?
Is it possible to add too much compost?
What should I look for when selecting lights for indoor cacti?
How does one go about growing a cactus in a terrarium?
What is this plant with small red flowers and palmate leaves with 11 leaflets?
What is this large orange mushroom found in lodgepole pine forest in Oregon&#39;s high desert?
Will wisteria clippings take root in a compost pile?
What is this white flowered tree?
Is it too late to plant potatoes in Dorset, UK in Mid -september?
Best way to combat Rosemary Mites?
Did cement mix damage my grass?
When should I first use fertilizer on new plants?
Should I wait for twigs in compost to fully decompose before adding it to the soil?
Why do I need special microgreen seeds?
What is this small shrub with small red berries, and lanceolate, alternate entire leaves?
Is there a way to harvest my chilli peppers for the best possible heat?
What are these mushrooms growing in the mulch around my orange tree
What are the basics to collect seed from the vegetable garden?
Should my plant be shedding leaves when it&#39;s flowering?
How to distinguish between Elaeagnus umbellata and E. multiflora?
May have planted my tree wrong... is it too late to dig it up and replant it?
Why are my blackberry leaves tasting like sulfur?
Can I use tap water as an alternative to rain water on my Venus fly trap?
What is this South African plant with broad, waxy leaves and shiny berries that ripen to red?
What are good organic phosphorus sources for fruiting plants, other than rock phosphate or animal products?
Is this a good organic soil/fertilizer setup for container carrots?
Is it OK to use human waste or spent cat litter for fertilizing edibles?
Does a luxmeter provide an accurate measurement of usable light?
How effective are non-chemical controls for non-biting midges?
Should I remove the suckers from the base of my new tree?
Compost bins: how deep is too deep?
How do I breed Black eyed Susans?
Blueberry leaves that curl and then brown
Is early October too late to plant a Pussy Willow in southern Ontario?
How should I care for this houseplant to prevent wilting?
What plants can grow in bathroom humidity with no direct sunlight?
How much water does lucky bamboo need?
Chilli sprouts are too close together. Should I start culling them?
What&#39;s wrong with my mango plant?
Can someone identify this honeysuckle plant by the flowers?
Can someone identify this white flowering plant?
Is it unhealthy to rotate houseplants?
How much should I water an avocado plant guided by a moisture meter?
Help me to identify these two trees in my back yard?
What is the name of this houseplant, and how can I prevent it from drying out?
What happens when a chainsaw chain meets a nail or piece of steel wire when cutting through wood?
Is asparagus deer resistant?
How can I check quality of sprinkler blowouts?
Stone Degree Cut for Fire Pit
What is this pest on my hydroponic basil and how can I remove it?
What is this tiny plant with multiple leaves and small white tubercles scattered over its leaves?
What is apical dominance?
What is the term for this pruning technique that causes stubby, clublike branches?
Can I save the seeds of Maiden Grass?
Are these orchids dying? They are flowering but the leaves are turning yellow
What&#39;s the Minimum Space I Can Leave Between Flower Bulbs That I Want to Plant in a Planter Box?
How can we salvage a poorly pruned mature pear tree?
Can this tree be an eucalyptus tree growing in Central Europe?
What to do with a this tree which has become to big for its current position?
Is this powdery mildew?
Can I treat supermarket &quot;living lettuce&quot; as lettuce seedlings?
Bay Leaf Tree (Laurus Nobilis) with severe scale
What is this plant called?
What is the proper soil type for Aloe?
How to conceal anti-siphon irrigation valves?
What is wrong with my Philodendrons&#39; stems and roots?
Why are blackberry plants typically named for Native American tribes?
How do you get rid of root flies organically?
Butternut Squash Cross Pollinate?
How do I control suckers on pear trees?
What went wrong with my tomatillos?
I&#39;ve caught unknown insects in my sticky trap. Do I need to take any action?
How can I prevent Schlumbergera from dropping buds?
Source for apple variety information
Why are my basil seeds instantly covered with a white goo after planting?
What cacti can grow without cold protection in USDA zone 6b in Pennsylvania?
How should I treat a badly aphid infested shedding Hoya?
Can we root prickly pear pads that are sold in grocery stores as a vegetable?
Will garlic cloves that are broken off the root &#39;plate&#39; still grow?
What are the white bugs on my Aeonium and how do I get rid of them?
What is best watering schedule for a bonsai juniper tree?
How do I get rid of these insects that are in all of my planters?
Will prickly pear thrive under the eaves on the west side of my house?
Can I use rainwater captured in Los Angeles to grow plants?
Will it be too late to plant Daffodil bulbs after Christmas in Long Island, New York?
What is an accurate method to measure the C:N ratio of Bokashi pickled/composted kitchen waste?
Why are cut roses doing so much better in a ceramic vase than a crystal vase?
What are these red spots on my guava leaves?
What purpose do these towers serve in drip irrigation?
Am I pruning the my pepper plants optimally?
Why aren&#39;t my new echinaceas true perennials?
Trying to Identify this Flowering Shrub
How do I take care of my very small Kaffir lime tree?
Is this young plant a rosemary?
What is a shade tolerant, low ground-cover that can tolerate foot traffic for between bluestone pavers?
How do I prune boxwoods to control for boxwood leaf miner?
What is this plant from a package of mixed flower seeds?
Does cypress produce any smell or allergens when planted indoors?
What is this bug with a hundred feet that I found in my garden?
Why do chilli and cilantro seedlings look the same?
Can strawberries be grown year-round indoors?
Why are my avocado&#39;s leaves drying out from the edges?
What is happening to my Snake plant?
Should I remove brown, cap-shaped Birch Polypore mushrooms from my tree?
What is this almost spherical red flower with thin, hair-like, petals?
What is this bush called and can it be pruned this time of year?
What is this small potted plant with a thick trunk and palmate clusters of 5 leaves?
What columnar cactus species I should select as a rootstock for a Rhipsalis standard?
Houseplant with clustered red berries at the bottom part of the plant?
How to check if a tropical tree has survived a subtropic winter?
What is this cactus and how should I care for it?
What does Mesquite Tree sap have that possibly makes it a good fertilizer for dragon fruit?
Will green, algae-like blooms in the side of a clear pot cause any damage to the plant and its roots, and if so, how can I get rid of these?
What makes a plant deer resistant?
Once the fava bean pods are formed, does the plant need a lot of sunshine to grow?
How do I change this to a butterfly garden?
How should I add spent coffee grounds to Azaleas?
Competitions and lectures for garden designers
Can I allow a pine tree to share root space with a group of birch trees? If not, which should I cut down?
Is this compost bin rodent-proof?
My long stemmed rose is growing new leaves
Why are the leaves of my Peace Lily wilted and black?
How can I find out what&#39;s eating my chilli plants?
What is the proper way to prune a pear tree?
How should I prune a damaged Rhododendron?
What is this tree/shrub in my Florida yard?
How do I safely eradicate mold without hurting cactus seedlings?
How do I grow a basil plant tall?
Is a skylight enough light for tomato seedlings?
What happens when you take a cutting from a mature determinate tomato plant?
Does moss sprout leaves?
Why are the leaves of my ginger plant drying out?
Can I give sugar (or something similar) to flowering plants?
Indoor pesticide for edible plants
Is it possible to reuse rockwool cubes?
When planting is it good to use one pot for each plant or one large common pot?
What are the best vegetables to grow in containers?
Can this plant be transplanted or is it too mature?
Can trees be propagated from cuttings without roots or leaves?
Get rid of weeds from my raised garden bed - without pesticides
Growing trees from seed &amp; cuttings
Can I save this crop of broccoli that bolted early?
Should I prune lavender on a cold/wet day in Spring?
Should I clean pruning shears with hot water, alcohol, or similar?
Spring Cleanup: How to preserve beneficial insects
When and how do I trim these bushes?
I need to remove a ton of prickles
Why build a worm bin? Why can&#39;t you have a worm heap?
Should I cut off severely bent stems (folded on darker line or spot) on my Peace Lily?
Will sunflower seeds that have been left out all winter germinate?
What are the Coldest Spring Temperatures to Overseed a Lawn?
Is this compost appropriate for transplanting/repotting tomatoes?
How do I stop rabbits from defecating and eating everything in my yard?
Should I Repot a Tall and Spindly Jade Plant?
How can I waterproof garden walls which have bad damage to the rendering?
How long do chemicals persist in a pile of grass clippings?
Have I planted my tomato seedlings too close together?
What is this shrub/tree with small green drupes in southern Texas?
How can I save my Venus Fly Trap after being watered with tap water?
Are 3601 trays big enough to transplant vegetables to?
How do I divide an overgrown Mammillaria cactus?
Where, when, and how can I plant magnolia trees?
What is this weed and should I get rid of it?
What kind of tulip is this with pink flowers which resemble water lilies?
What ate the leaves of my bell pepper plant?
Shrub with white flowers and lemon-jasmine scent
How do I go about identifying all the plants in my backyard?
Why does my English walnut lose its leaves early?
What is the traditional approach to planting bulbs?
What types of fruit are most likely to be eaten by vertebrate pests?
Can fake hawks be used to control mice, squirrels, and other rodents in a garden or backyard? 
Why did my grape hyacinths put out leaves in the fall?
Can I propagate my Agave victoriae-reginae?
How do I get rid of tar spots appearing on my maple&#39;s leaves?
How can I dissolve the gunked up fertilizer in a Scotts Turfbuilder drop spreader?
How often should I water a Skimmia japonica &#39;Rubella&#39;?
How long after a lily scale is planted should I expect a flowering size bulb?
How should I care for a dozen bulbs of Lycoris squamigera?
What rose would be best for hip production?
How many flowers can a single muscari plant grow?
Can I plant Morning Glory at any time (in USDA Zone 10)?
Why are there small flies on my Fatalii pepper plant?
Why is my Dracaena Fragrans wrinkling?
How are Frangipani (Plumeria) cuttings taken successfully?
How to protect against my neighbour&#39;s trees
Is there any truth behind planting by phases of the moon?
How should budding off be prevented on Gardenias?
Is it a bad idea to put seedlings in a cold frame?
What heirloom varieties are easiest to work with for a &#39;heirloom beginier&#39;?
What plants are complementary to these plants in a crop rotation?
Zone 4b: When should I start planting vegetable garden seedlings?
What is this parasitic vine on my trees?
How can I remediate a lawn that has been attacked by moss?
How can I turn my gravel driveway into a green driveway?
Which organic fertilizer should I use to encourage flower growth?
Can we save the haworthia?
What should I do before applying organic fertilizer to ensure no bugs or smell?
What&#39;s a suitable depth for a planter for sage and tarragon?
When is the best time of year to plant grass seed?
What is the proper way to harvest Chamomile flowers?
How can I tell when my broccoli seeds are ready to harvest?
What is the Identification of this robust bulb-plant?
Is it okay to grow English ivy on the base of a tree trunk?
Protect apricot blossoms from frost
What is this clover-like plant with a thick woody root system?
What are some low-maintenance vegetables and annuals that take no extra care beyond watering?
What are these little plants with round leaves, growing in my potting soil?
What could be preventing tomato seedling germination?
Is there anything I can do to promote spreading in my Lily of the Valley?
Daisies planted last year are not flowering
Philodendrons: keeping algae at bay but keeping the plant healthy
Suggestions for a ground cover or plant for direct and reflected sunlight
How to replace zoysia when it&#39;s also in my neighbor&#39;s yard?
Could I have prevented an Emerald Ash Borer infestation?
Can Thuja trees live in a &quot;square foot garden&quot; style container?
How can I make lines on the grass in a field?
Mower with oily fouled spark plug
Will vegetables grown where tobacco stems were chopped into the soil have any traces of nicotine?
What is this disease on my Basil?
