How to create a solid color background for a brush drawing?
Should graphic artists be scared at all about anyone stealing their artworks?
Why does the paint brush style revert back to the old setting the moment I start painting?
Pixel Art in Gimp
How do I send a file I&#39;ve created in InDesign to someone else, so they can open it up in InDesign and work with the file too?
How to create/draw this text box shape in Photoshop?
Saving a GIF File with no background
How can I best achieve this &quot;Victorian&quot; style?
How do I create a multi paged pdf from Illustrator with different layers lighted on each page?
Does Photoshop CS6 Lens Correction need to be done before other edits?
How to select an edge in Photoshop CS6 that is not quite horizontal or vertical?
clipping paths GIMP
InDesign: Do grouped objects maintain individual hyperlinking properties?
(Illustrator) Why do the colors change when I &quot;Save for Web&quot; by using an action?
How to put coppied text from anywhere in the same form, without being in one line in photoshop?
What programs can be used to make animations?
Converting CMYK PDF to RGB
Photoshop: Optimally arranging pictures of various sizes&amp;aspects ratios into a new rectangular canvas
How do I submit EPS to printers if my file has JPEGs?
Is it better to illustrate on matte paper or glossy paper?
Can you design print material with the intent to use LC and LM?
Photoshop/ Illustrator Printing help?
Photoshop CS6 white around transparent image
What shading technique/effect was used in this calligraphy?
Evaluate a Good Web Design
Scripting In photoshop and Illustrator
Photo Clarity When Printing at Home Using Indesign
How to cut some portion of shapes in Sketch 3?
Things to consider when creating realistic highlights and dark reflections on metallic surfaces
How to reflect objects on one artboard onto another in Sketch?
Photoshop: can I move the anchor location for a Canvas Resize using only the keyboard?
What does it mean to be an illustrator?
Matching a Digital Image&#39;s Color to a Scan
How do I please use a given resolution to design under Photoshop?
I need to resize ppi in Illustrator. Is this possible?
Export layers to files sized according to content of layer
Illustrator CC &gt; Save for Web &gt; Convert to sRGB... checked &amp; greyed out!
Force indesign to backup / autosave / keep backup copy
Inkscape: how to cut a group?
InDesign CC: Text not filling all of text boxes
Analyzing photos for scientific research
Editing some pages in a PDF document of more than 200 pages
Illustrator Artboard dimensions for mobile ui design?
Does anybody know the name of this font??
Vertical aligning Powerpoint bullets
Image has background when i print but not on the screen
Gimp change the opacity of layer
What techniques can be used to create a proper hierarchy of design elements?
Scripting Photoshop: path has too many points to be converted to selection?
Does using Dreamweaver help to produce better aesthetic designs than hardcoding HTML and CSS?
Two logos on a website header
Photoshop 3D object looks high quality only when moving it
How Do I vary The Stroke Of A Line In Illustrator?
How can I create a vector long shadow in Illustrator?
Saving all visible content over and over with ascending names in Photoshop
Create vector icons and export them later as PNG without antialiasing
What program makes clean plain SVG files from Inkscape?
Why is the asset I make in Sketch 3 slightly blurred?
How to mask a layer with shapes in photoshop?
How can I preview with audio in After Effects (but be able to pause and resume)?
Managing Design Assets and Modular Templates for an App
How to attribute, give credit to creative commons/copyleft/public domain content for web/print?
How to find out true dimesion, dpi of picture inside a powerpoint slide without it original JPEG file?
How can I edit smart vector object in Photoshop?
How to reset Illustrator CS6 rectangle tool to zero degree?
scale raster image to meet defined ppi in Illustrator
Tool to draw line and mark distance (in pixel) between layers
Derive color palette from given set of colors
Is it possible to do basic math in Photoshop fields?
Problems with PDF quality on Photoshop or Illustrator
Should I charge less for being a freelance entry level graphic designer?
Saving PSD to PNG with layer transparencies loses layer effects
How do I add a semi-transparent color over an image in gimp?
What characteristics are common to well-designed and well-formatted textbooks?
Adobe photoshop CC 3d rendering issue
Can I reduce the file size of an SVG to be closer to its JPEG equivalent?
Essential Steps for Long Document Project in InDesign
Best way to outline a geology map in Inkscape
How do I make &quot;realistic&quot; long shadows (flat design)
Methods for improving color choice and combinations?
Problem with InDesign paragraph numbering
Is the coordinate system for most image processing systems still called “Cartesian coordinate system”?
Large Format Printing viewed fairly close- suggestions?
What&#39;s the best technique for stacking the same multiplied object?
Illustrator CC resets artboard preset from Desktop to Fire HD
Is there a way to make all these polygons symmetrical?
Illustrator Graph Larger than Artboard
How do I resize my text box in Photoshop without distorting the actual text?
Symmetry in Cut &amp; angled corners?
For High resolution Wall Mural Design
Global Search and Replace in Photoshop
How do I reduce noise in a normal map with Photoshop?
How to make frame to a transparent background image in photoshop?
Text deleting after &#39;Create Shapes from Vector Layer&#39;
How to change the roundness and size of a brush in Adobe Illustrator?
Is there a way to click and drag, bulk direct select in the shape of a circle in Illustrator?
Wall-Sized Canvas Print
Smoother animation in Photoshop?
Can you upscale small photos for retina displays?
Erase contents of only one layer in Flash CS6
How to create a solid color background for a brush drawing?
Should graphic artists be scared at all about anyone stealing their artworks?
Why does the paint brush style revert back to the old setting the moment I start painting?
Pixel Art in Gimp
How do I send a file I&#39;ve created in InDesign to someone else, so they can open it up in InDesign and work with the file too?
How to create/draw this text box shape in Photoshop?
Saving a GIF File with no background
How can I best achieve this &quot;Victorian&quot; style?
How do I create a multi paged pdf from Illustrator with different layers lighted on each page?
Does Photoshop CS6 Lens Correction need to be done before other edits?
How to select an edge in Photoshop CS6 that is not quite horizontal or vertical?
clipping paths GIMP
InDesign: Do grouped objects maintain individual hyperlinking properties?
(Illustrator) Why do the colors change when I &quot;Save for Web&quot; by using an action?
How to put coppied text from anywhere in the same form, without being in one line in photoshop?
What programs can be used to make animations?
Converting CMYK PDF to RGB
Photoshop: Optimally arranging pictures of various sizes&amp;aspects ratios into a new rectangular canvas
How do I submit EPS to printers if my file has JPEGs?
Is it better to illustrate on matte paper or glossy paper?
Can you design print material with the intent to use LC and LM?
Photoshop/ Illustrator Printing help?
Photoshop CS6 white around transparent image
What shading technique/effect was used in this calligraphy?
Evaluate a Good Web Design
Scripting In photoshop and Illustrator
Photo Clarity When Printing at Home Using Indesign
How to cut some portion of shapes in Sketch 3?
Things to consider when creating realistic highlights and dark reflections on metallic surfaces
How to reflect objects on one artboard onto another in Sketch?
Photoshop: can I move the anchor location for a Canvas Resize using only the keyboard?
What does it mean to be an illustrator?
Matching a Digital Image&#39;s Color to a Scan
How do I please use a given resolution to design under Photoshop?
I need to resize ppi in Illustrator. Is this possible?
Export layers to files sized according to content of layer
Illustrator CC &gt; Save for Web &gt; Convert to sRGB... checked &amp; greyed out!
Force indesign to backup / autosave / keep backup copy
Inkscape: how to cut a group?
InDesign CC: Text not filling all of text boxes
Analyzing photos for scientific research
Editing some pages in a PDF document of more than 200 pages
Illustrator Artboard dimensions for mobile ui design?
Does anybody know the name of this font??
Vertical aligning Powerpoint bullets
Image has background when i print but not on the screen
Gimp change the opacity of layer
What techniques can be used to create a proper hierarchy of design elements?
Scripting Photoshop: path has too many points to be converted to selection?
Does using Dreamweaver help to produce better aesthetic designs than hardcoding HTML and CSS?
Two logos on a website header
Photoshop 3D object looks high quality only when moving it
How Do I vary The Stroke Of A Line In Illustrator?
How can I create a vector long shadow in Illustrator?
Saving all visible content over and over with ascending names in Photoshop
Create vector icons and export them later as PNG without antialiasing
What program makes clean plain SVG files from Inkscape?
Why is the asset I make in Sketch 3 slightly blurred?
How to mask a layer with shapes in photoshop?
How can I preview with audio in After Effects (but be able to pause and resume)?
Managing Design Assets and Modular Templates for an App
How to attribute, give credit to creative commons/copyleft/public domain content for web/print?
How to find out true dimesion, dpi of picture inside a powerpoint slide without it original JPEG file?
How can I edit smart vector object in Photoshop?
How to reset Illustrator CS6 rectangle tool to zero degree?
scale raster image to meet defined ppi in Illustrator
Tool to draw line and mark distance (in pixel) between layers
Derive color palette from given set of colors
Is it possible to do basic math in Photoshop fields?
Problems with PDF quality on Photoshop or Illustrator
Should I charge less for being a freelance entry level graphic designer?
Saving PSD to PNG with layer transparencies loses layer effects
How do I add a semi-transparent color over an image in gimp?
What characteristics are common to well-designed and well-formatted textbooks?
Adobe photoshop CC 3d rendering issue
Can I reduce the file size of an SVG to be closer to its JPEG equivalent?
Essential Steps for Long Document Project in InDesign
Best way to outline a geology map in Inkscape
How do I make &quot;realistic&quot; long shadows (flat design)
Methods for improving color choice and combinations?
Problem with InDesign paragraph numbering
Is the coordinate system for most image processing systems still called “Cartesian coordinate system”?
Large Format Printing viewed fairly close- suggestions?
What&#39;s the best technique for stacking the same multiplied object?
Illustrator CC resets artboard preset from Desktop to Fire HD
Is there a way to make all these polygons symmetrical?
Illustrator Graph Larger than Artboard
How do I resize my text box in Photoshop without distorting the actual text?
Symmetry in Cut &amp; angled corners?
For High resolution Wall Mural Design
Global Search and Replace in Photoshop
How do I reduce noise in a normal map with Photoshop?
How to make frame to a transparent background image in photoshop?
Text deleting after &#39;Create Shapes from Vector Layer&#39;
How to change the roundness and size of a brush in Adobe Illustrator?
Is there a way to click and drag, bulk direct select in the shape of a circle in Illustrator?
Wall-Sized Canvas Print
Smoother animation in Photoshop?
Can you upscale small photos for retina displays?
Erase contents of only one layer in Flash CS6
JPEG in InDesign Problems
What is the difference between DPI (dots per inch) and PPI (pixels per inch)?
How to draw arcs of arbitrary angle, or defined by tangents in Visio?
Calligraphic font
Is there a trim command for lines/paths in Inkscape?
Deciding a nice color palette/font for a landing page
Convert Pdf from RGB to CMYK, keeping font color 100% K in Illustrator
Place psd file into Illustrator without losing quality
Re-create a molecular / bubbles effect
Help with laptop?
Removing One Part Of A Stroke On A Rectangle In Illustrator CS5
Yosemite translucent menu-bar replica?
Adobe InDesign 6 not printing booklets to edges of paper, InDesign 5.5 did
How to switch to the clipped symbol?
I cannot get the appearance of the body to be shiny in photoviewer 360
Is it possible to output to animated png (.apng) in after effects?
Retouch an image pattern so it may be used as a repeating background
How to Stop PS6 Vanishing Point Tool Pixelating Images
How do I export a sliced psd file as a single jpeg image optimized for web?
Match eraser settings to brush settings
Is there a way in photoshop to convert k values to alpha values?
How do I clip parts of my Inkscape diagram such that its corners are perfectly rectangular?
What is differents between mock up and phototype
How can i reproduce this striated effect using Photoshop or Illustrator?
How to export blender material files to Unity
I need some advice on the process of designing window banners for a newsagents
On dynamic identities
Inkscape drawn image looks great in MS Word, badly pixelated in PDF. Why?
In what cases should I pay attention to my design&#39;s colour scheme when presenting it? When I do, what is a good way to do so?
How to distribute objects with smaller outer borders?
I&#39;ve designed few tee&#39;s so I wanna print them
how to set PhotoShop CS5 to Free Transform images by default
What methods can I use to create balance and consistency between a group of differing logos?
Illustrator script - create objects, rotated and centred with a selected object
InDesign: Text Won&#39;t Go to Top to Text Box
Is there a way to split an image without changing its final size?
Drawing Area turned white
Which Monospace fonts pair well with Seravek ExtraLight?
How to handle multiple page design projects in Photoshop
Does importing photos in Lightroom duplicate the files on your hard drive?
Why can&#39;t I ImageTrace an image in my pattern?
What is an &quot;alpha value of black&quot;?
Help w/ simple SVG with CSS Animations
Why does the clipped objects position reset when applying eyedropper color to a mask in InDesign CC?
How can I add a border around a paragraph style after xml import in InDesign?
How can I create a soft line in Adobe Illustrator?
How to set guides at exact positions / coordinates in Photoshop?
How to make a smooth PMS gradient transition in Illustrator
iPhone 5s, 6, 6 Plus design confusions around dimensions, resolutions and densities
Creating a Spiral shape for text on a path
How to number half of a booklet with Roman numerals, and the other half with normal numbers in Word?
Photoshop CS4 line tool problem
XML in Indesign - how to use attributes to assign formating
Critique: How to make a better visual distinction between content and options in a post?
Photoshop path operation problem
where to get web-design critiques and suggestions?
How do I modify this colored Mesh in Illustrator?
Is there similar tool in Illustrator that can perform this action?
Image as background for magazine cover in InDesign
Fill a grid cells based on a picture
after adding images in home page, magento site is not responsive
How to repeat section number without incrementing it in Adobe InDesign?
How can I convert an eps file to cdr format?
Anyone know how to edit the banner in WHMCS
Overlapping Text Appears Fuzzy in PDF
Adobe Illustrator vs. Inkscape: Smaller than &quot;Smallest file size&quot;
Looking for Windows 95/98 Error Message Vector/PSD
Photoshop to illustrator drag and drop
To resize image without recompression?
how to create folded brochure like in photoshop
Batch convert svg to psd
How do I get the live paint bucket not to modify my brush line?
Gimp export layer mask as png
After Effects precomposing and text issue (what is the # icon?)
Automatically resize an object by a percentage when a particular object style is applied to it
What benefits are there to workflows using Images at 32-bits per channel?
Use Matlab 2014b figures (via Inkscape) in pdfTeX
Is it possible to change the style (font size, font type, etc) for multiple tables in a powerpoint presentation?
Color picker in InDesign
When making a Gradient Ramp can the Start/Stop be relative to the object?
Help me find this font please!
Shapes and text in Photoshop will randomly resize a fraction
Average rendering time for 3D export from Sketchup + VRay
how to quickly create many arrowheads on a path using illustrator?
Change color preserve transparency?
automatically adding a sequence of characters
How do I choose a good cover photo for my website?
What size pixels do I use for an 8.5x11 document for print?
How can I make more consistent icons by controlling the ratio of icon using grid?
What is this leaf / organic style font used in the Rosa M&#237;stica logo?
What is this square, italic brush font?
How to add an image to a path in Illustrator?
Why can I only unlock some elements in my master template in Adobe InDesign?
Old PSD saving as PDF only shows outline of product
How to paste Chinese text into Illustrator?
How to remove all color from selected text (resulting in transparent text) perfectly?
How to deselect a layer in gimp specifcially to get rid of marcing ants around layer
Stroke a path in Photoshop CS5
3dsmax - Morphing a Cylinder to a Cube or v.v. the easy way
how to increase the height of a shape in After Effects without also increasing the width?
About illustrator cs6 round corners
How can I keep objects in their original layers after removing overlapping artboard parts?
Copying the position of a slice or slices from one PSD file to another one
Find weight of all lines/drawings
Is it necessary to attribute Creative Commons licensed art?
Transfer Photoshop animation timeline screenshots into After Effects?
Grid is not zeroed in Illustrator
Fill path with average colour from image on a separate layer (Illustrator)
Finding CMYK colors from HEX using Adobe CC
Help in identifying name or designer of chair
Problems with .vsp3d file from Civil 3D to 3D Max
illustrator png image gets pixelated
Why can i see contours through a layer above in Adobe Illustrator CS5?
Is there a tool or service for filling out property release forms?
how can I get the cloud effect the image?
I would like to convert my image into a &#39;transparent mask&#39; with shadows
What 4c process blend best represents a yellow highlighter?
Why does Illustrator add white lines to my pattern when exporting?
Can I access Adobe Photoshop / Illustrator tool icon files?
File Dimension Problems - Saving as JPEG and TIFF vs PDF
Does anyone know this specific font?
how to call .aex file in after effects script?
Acrobat Pro - How to add multiple custom stamps at once
What is the purpose of using a very dark color for text instead of a pure black?
Do we need bleed if the Print output isn&#39;t intended to be cut (as is output)
What is the purpose of embedding a color profile when saving an image?
Photoshop 3D Cube Rounded Corners
I have an indesign file which always freezes when attempting to place a file
Why are the text and boundaries / edges of graphics blurry in this image, and how can I fix it?
How do I select both a shape and its stroke in Photoshop CS5?
Photoshop CS6. Disable pixel grid appearance when selecting pixels
How to view corrupted autocad drawing?
How to change the color of a pattern or texture in Photoshop?
how to make edge of layer round in GIMP?
How can I get the clipping paths to be objects in Adobe Illustrator?
how to rasterize an SVG without anti-aliasing
Inkscape: How to position arrowhead exactly at the end of path?
Envelope distort not working
Transparent mesh has noise when change camera
Sketch 3 - Combining Shapes
Solidworks: Is it possible to export assembly as vector PDF file? (or EPS?)
keyboard shortcut for paste rememebers layers
What is the font of this logo
Need to purchase the font in .TTF format
How do you explain the value of native files to an uneducated client?
How to render objects in smooth mode in Maya
Illustrator - Tiff is exporting in the wrong colours
Moving both handles of a bezier curve simultaneously in Adobe Illustrator?
How to Force Update of All InDesign Links (Even Ones It Thinks Are Current)?
Why are drop shadows so hard to render, and is there an easier alternative for an aging computer?
How to lock the position and size of a text-frame in InDesign CS6?
How to create a uniformly distributed dashed plot in a scatter graph in Adobe Illustrator CS4
Changing the position of outlines in Skech &amp; Toon on Cinema 4d
SVG saved from Illustrator loses the transparency around the image?
Fitting an object to an artboard in Adobe Illustrator
Ideal way to wrap a label around a bottle (3d extrude?)
How do I print the booklet I&#39;ve made in inDesign so it can be perfect-bound?
Where can I find some good low contrast calligraphy and script fonts?
Making a carpet texture
Cover Art for Ebooks - Is it acceptable to use images labeled by google as &quot;for reuse with modifications&quot;
How to make a hanging icicle brush or graphic style in Illustrator CC?
How to apply color layout to an image?
PPI in the Wild: implications of setting or providing a PPI flag in an image file
Is there a Github for Graphic Designers?
how can I align some text in any text area vertically, in illustrator?
Designing for Retina display in PPI or DPI?
Would a minimalist collage still be a collage?
InDesign JavaScript place vector from other file and change his color
Critique: logo about wifi coverage in a city
my ereaser is turned off; how do I turn it back on?
Layer Masking in Photoshop CS6
My icon is appearing choppy and blurred on iPhone, how can I fix it?
Problem with cutting angles using white objects
Making anchor points visible all the time
What Photoshop CS5 Book Describes Making Images From Scratch?
How to convert higher order B&#233;zier curves to piecewise cubic B&#233;zier curves
Text and images are blurry when i upload it to my website
To which extent is the designer responsible of a responsive design?
Find color profile given CMYK values for some Pantone colors
What fonts are similar to Candara, but available on Google Docs?
Looking for Palatino font implementaitons
Images gets blurry when downscaled in a mockup
How can a designer explain their work to non-creative people?
When designing for apparel how should the canvas be addressed?
How can I change artboard number in adobe illustrator CC?
Losing Transparency when placing an item in illustrator
What questions should be included in a design brief?
What software is good and complete useful for drawing anime?
Pattern Text Effect Help?
Mesh Tool in Illustrator software
How to cut a single pdf page in parts and save each part as images
When is Photoshop an inappropriate tool?
Are there any free emoji fonts?
Fonts blurry on png exported from InDesign
Checking through different fonts quickly
Why is black not a natural color?
Free, screen-suited roman font to match Unifraktur Maguntia
Does GIMP support smart objects in .psd files?
Can&#39;t resize layer palette to view layers in Illustrator CC
C&amp;C on a minimal logo that represents my name (&quot;octopod&quot;)
Inkscape: After combining paths, specify which one is inside and outside
How to edit the &quot;Edge 3d&quot; filter output properly with InkScape?
Trebuchet MS web font alternatives
How to create filters in photoshop and export for ios/android?
Possible to have calculated text fields in photoshop like Excel cells?
GIMP, match images based on shared point
One Swatches file or separate swatch files
Inkscape 0.91 re-shaping path by dragging between nodes not working consistently
How can I cut an image along Paths in illustrator
Color Differences between monitors and print
how to fix a illustrator .jpeg file from being blurry?
Align Bullets in a right aligned paragraph
How to add an artboard preset in Illustrator
When designing a latin-based typeface, how are diacritics handled?
How to make linked images work in Adobe illustrator files on a network
How should templates for automated banner creation look like?
How can I locate points on a path that are not smooth in Adobe Illustrator?
Photoshop CC Extract Assets from layer, get individual assets, not entire layer as one single asset/png
How to set object rotation as the new zero rotation
Indesign CS5 No longer displaying section markers in Table of Contents
how can I add an overlapped anchor in both overlapped paths automatically
Inkscape Punch Through Stroke
Tweet a transparent photo
Acrobat: Select/Edit All Text in Entire PDF Document
Best and the quickest way to place variable sized photographs into canvas with no gaps
How can I convert a path to a shape in Inkscape?
PSD logo to SVG file
Adobe Illustrator Save For Web SVG becomes empty
Make a particular colour less bright
how to resize filter applied to the Image in photoshop?
Replacing a character in logo with symbol always works?
Can I define the number of nodes in Coreldraw?
How to print HQ vinyl self-adhesive stickers
Identify this Font?
Change Pantone swatch in Indesign
How to give dotted effect to sides of a photograph?
How can I brighten up the shadows of an image without blowing out the highlights?
Alter text alignement in multiple tables - Indesign
Social Connect Icon
How to copy layers from one Photoshop document to another?
Is there a way to tell InDesign not to break words in a Paragraph? (hyphenation)
Extruding with a slant using Lightwave?
Easiest way to wrap label around an existing bottle / can
What is this style of game art called?
How can I trace the edge of a svg file using inkscape without rasterizing the image and re-vectorizing it?
Photoshop Rotate &amp; Export?
How can I get rid of the content edges when I mask it with smaller container in Illustrator?
What are the differences of the various kinds of black print color?
Creating layers with different sizes from existing PNGS and imported into a PSD
Preserve Gradients while tracing PNG
PowerPoint 2010: Snapping still happening even after turning off
Photoshop CS5: Setting a black background to transparent
Great source to learn Logo and Web Design software skills
How can I start to learn web development?
Icon to designate use/usage
Creating a Photoshop Action that includes Open As Smart Object
Photoshop CC Color Replacement Substitution issue
The Select Tool doesn&#39;t seem to be shrinking or expanding an object on Illustrator
Efficiently creating animation sprites
How to get rid of these outline artifacts in an Inkscape SVG trace?
How to paste / edit text in a PNG file using Gimp?
How would you rate this logo-concept for a fiber optic Internet company and how can I improve it?
What Icon Can Be Used to Represent &quot;Attributes&quot;?
When/how to stop brainstorming new ideas and move on when there is no clear frontrunner?
Strange grey bordering/outline in Illustrator
Is there a way to swap objects in Photoshop?
How auto-preview as a value changes in Adobe Photoshop CC?
8-bit gray image in gimp
GIMP: find midpoint / arbitrary division between two points
Photoshop 3d video export is not showing lighting
How to make a multline form in pdf that text flows through?
How to analyze patterns in &quot;random&quot; color swirls
Create pdf with external images
CorelDraw range of page numbering
Export Sketch dashboard to PNG...use as smart object in Photoshop
Adobe Illustrator&#39;s Type Tool - Incorrect text height
Colour difference between Ai file print and PDF file print
How can we talk about the “resolution” of a JPEG file?
Import/export clipping path only from Photoshop?
1st time sending PDF book of 48 pages created from InDesign to press
Why are there unwanted white lines appearing in a PDF print proof?
How to edit eps file in Photoshop?
Tracing an S-shaped logo in Illustrator
Illustrator: How to draw circles at control points?
Why do colors slightly change when copying from Illustrator to Photoshop?
Add column break and space to using paragraph using styles
How to make Word 2010 Justified like adobe InDesign?
How to create a button in Adobe Flash CC that reverses to its original state
Why does this line appear in my text?
Adjusting images in Indesign
Who owns copyright to photos of public places? (Editorial Use Only license)
How to get rid of the box in the middle of the art board
How do you indicate visually that a shower is for women?
InDesign XML import -- am I missing something?
Inkscape: Project a rectangle on bent path keeping gradients intact
How to Change Colors of a Company Logo without Using Pen Tool?
How can I export png layers to flash? (GIMP)
Need a short interview with professional for Graph Comm assignment
I want to REMOVE the background, not just make it transparent
snapping anchors in CS5
Illustrator: &quot;the selection contains objects which can&#39;t be distorted&quot;-error
Illustrator CC zoom accuracy
Contour of combined objects in inkscape
Connecting drawn lines from a tablet in Photoshop
Export tiff &amp; png script with custom export setings and custom filename
Is there an automated, configurable way to organize many layers into a sprite sheet grid with exact pixel coordinates in Photoshop?
What are reasonable market expectations for entry-level graphic designers vs. entry-level web designers?
Image looks &#39;foggy&#39; when exported as CMYK jpeg from Photoshop
InDesign: Faster way to resize multiple frames but not images
Quick copy text in Photoshop Text layer
Good color to go with black &amp; white design?
How to present a print project to a client?
Minus a stroked path
Unique serial number on page each time a pdf or indesign doc prints
&#39;Inverting&#39; an intensity variation
iBooks author customize template: change section&#39;s title color
Migrating from PSP9 to photoshop, looking for tutorials
SVG exported to EMF loses precision, but exported as PNG looks fine
Why is color appearing different between pieces designed for print?
Blending two overlapping lines when expanded
Is it possible to retain effects when saving Illustrator files for older versions?
How to change &#39;print&#39; margins using Adobe Illustrator?
How does one search for graphic designers with experience in foreign language formatting?
What are some of the benefits of having a Mac vs a Windows PC in a design environment?
Pixels shifting after applying Transform in Photoshop
Transparent png shadows are filled
Set an XML attribute and value for multiple selected elements
GIMP: Stroke Path along single points
Can we estimate the total number of unique still images that are perceivable?
Double offset path
Why does my master page move when the page shuffles left/right?
When I move my object Adobe Illustrator shows an error: Can&#39;t move the objects
Resizing screenshots
What is the easiest way to have a better quality image from a given image
Font size on iOS7 looks different from Photoshop even though resolution in mockup is same as iPhone dimensions
Delete anchor point in Sketch 3
How can I delete border lines from a 2 frame gif in photoshop?
color shift when duplicating layers in photoshop
Illustrator searches for linked files in pdf
Thinnest vinyl for cutting
PDF file placed in Illustrator
It is possible to detect blurry text?
Adobe Illustrator CS6: Checking &quot;Align To Pixel Grid&quot; Will Not Turn Off Alignment
How do I add a frame to a batch of images using photoshop?
How to check if my logo is a duplicate of another logo?
Using the pen tool in Adobe Illustrator
What should you ask the printer?
What is the name of this element?
Why won&#39;t my video show unless I click the progress bar in PowerPoint 2010
How do I fade in an object which is rotating - Flash
Why can&#39;t I turn off swash?
Photoshop: 9-Slice-Scaling
How to inverse the allocation of Fuzzy Select Tool?
Illustrator is changing width of the path when saving as SVG
Are there any online applications that are compatible with tablets?
Extract clipping path from EPS (without Adobe Suite)
How can I change the color of images in GIMP?
How do I use an SVG &quot;icon font&quot; within Illustrator?
Is there a free &#39;Helvetica Neue&#39; alternative?
How to create a repeating pattern from the previously designed pattern?
Which colors to use besides black &amp; white for colorblind users?
Planning to use different size images across different devices
Extra horizontal line after adding type to image using Pathfinder Unite in Illustrator
PDF Ads Blurry in InDesign
Changing Color Scheme Automatically?
What&#39;s the font(s) used in the App Store badge?
Getting a job in the game design industry
What does &quot;Attribution&quot; mean exactly when using downloaded fonts?
I have 20 vectors, groups of 2 on an .ai artboard, how do I make these into 10 files?
Making annotations in figures of the same font size as main text
RGB and CMYK: Why both?
Master page display on top in InDesign?
Can this licence be applied to non code (art)?
How to convert Adobe Illustrator file (.ai) to Photoshop (.psd) without having Adobe Illustrator installed
Designing icons for devices with different PPI
How to replace color in Photoshop to specific Lab color?
Created a poster to print in CMYK, but when client downloads JPG, on the screen it is neon. Will it print how it looks when I created it in CMYK?
How does a monitor display the CMYK color? Is it actually showing the true CMYK color?
How to make multiple versions of single image?
Embedding fonts in inkscape
GIMP How to slice a shape properly?
(Font identification) Univers-like sans-serif
How do you pixilate a simple image in Photoshop CS6?
Logos critique: Dayton Web Developers meeting
Motion graphic software suggestions
InDesign CS6: &quot;page bleed&quot; with pictures spanning on two pages
How to do a wildcard / GREP / regex find-replace in Illustrator?
Using Illustrator CS6 to create shape out of multiple paths
How to convert paragraph text envelope to clipping mask in Illustrator CS6
In Inkscape, resize both the document and its content at the same time
When using fonts in Bootstrap, is it quicker to use the Google Fonts API or to just install the font file on the server?
How to adjust spacing of underlined text in Illustrator
Icon that represents &#39;Delivered Fully Assembled&#39;
What type of license will allow me to modify a base font with original ligatures and resell it as a commercial icon font?
Methods for using the Golden Ratio in fluid application UI design?
illustrator cc 2014: how to change text behaviour in text box
Import spreadsheet cell values into Scribus
How to create vector graphics In Photoshop CS6
Object won&#39;t align central to artboard in Illustrator
Is there a way to update PSD files in Fireworks?
Applying Paragraph style to InDesign text boxes
Final size in Illustrator CS4 masked images
Filling in gaps in illustrator (by not using gap detection)
Limited pixel values in layer effects and styles (Photoshop)
How do I apply a gradient across multiple objects in Illustrator?
Continuous gradient over multiple shapes
Custom Background Resizing As Needed
How do I create a two-page InDesign document to be printed as a double-sided sheet?
Free Print production alternative of Acrobat Pro?
How to handle client requests to violate copyrights?
Fine Jewelry Editing
Color not transferring from Illustrator to Photoshop
Critique: How to display competitors options alongside your own without confusion?
What can a designer do if a client claims that the work delivered is unacceptable and refuses to pay?
How can I combine two colored textures so that the final image is blended to match a specific lighting setup
Illustrator symbol isolation view pixel grid not aligned to ruler
Using vectors/stock graphics in designs?
How to design a basic banner with GIMP?
Is it possible to correct the aspect ratio of font after resizing in Illustrator?
Are there any serious competitors to the Cintiq Companion 2? (pro mobile tablets)
How do I keep my floating action button from blocking other components?
How to do this with Illustrator?
How to resize a palette that&#39;s dropping off the screen?
Illustrator Gradient Issue
What&#39;s the name of this flat illustration style?
Resolution of the outdoor Hoarding Board
Best way to export a Job application to a client for easy editing
Create foreground/background color pair presets to cycle through
&quot;Multiplying&quot; a white background gives perfect results! how do I save this image?
Importing word document with column breaks into indesign with page breaks
How do I sharpen a bitmap image that has been enlarged from a small size? Is it even possible?
Position copied content within guides using a single PS Action
Online Tool to Find Closest Google Font
waht is the Best way Export pdf in indesign
Proper steps for importing PSD files into flash cs6
Packaging Design, Where to start?
How to draw lotus in sacred geometry
How can I create fruit&#39;s texture?
Best tool or approach to cross reference elements on a illustration
3D border effect help
Need to replicate a split toning (with a colored image)
Illustrator CC 2014 - SVG coordinates keep shifting position
How to delete portion of circle in illustrator using pen tool?
How to change canvas size in fireworks without your work being moved?
Adobe Illustrator / Rhinoceros Custom Object Select
How can I put my name in the lower corner of my pictures using photoshop?
How can I create a spherical perspective grid in Photoshop or Illustrator
convert to paragraph text in Photoshop CS6
Importing XML into InDesign and automatically adjusting content
Shifting hue/saturation/lightness of an image to meet an exact value in Photoshop?
how to resize object with additive styles applied to it, while keeping it&#39;s copies in place?
What software can open older Jasc PSP 9 files?
Batch image trace in Illustrator
How can I Change the color of a bunch of symbols in Illustrator
Removing white segment from a svg image
How to make this border design around the outside of images like these in photoshop?
How can we convert low resolution image made by bitstrips to high resolution which I would like to use for printed t-shirt?
How to &quot;Enter group&quot; without double clicking
How to animate a circle in a rectangle in After Effects?
How can i draw shape with depth in illustrator?
Export MassFX simulation with FBX problem
Is there any typographic mark for chapter?
How to print a double-sided, tiled print from an InDesign file?
Convert shadow to path sketch 3
How to have a &quot;live preview&quot; when changing colors in Illustrator?
InDesign CS6 - Update multiple displayed artboard/pages of linked files without relinking
scripting: create a user input form?
Inkscape - Center Drawing to Page via Command Line/Terminal
How to fit svg drawings to their canvas on the command line?
invert colors on each layer of an animated gif
Cut rectangle using line
Color Picker in Photoshop is wrong
Pantone color doesn&#39;t translate to new document?
How can I draw this picture in PS
When exporting from Illustrator to Photoshop, should I be worried about aspect ratio?
Photoshop Document size for large print
Inkscape &quot;Export Bitmap...&quot; not working
Creating an action or script for pasting thumbnails into canvas
Auto align layers with changing contents but constant shape in Photoshop
Stroke weight in print
Keep one layer always on top of the rest?
What is a Live font?
Preventing adding up of colors for multiple brush strokes
Creating Fill Color in Arrowhead - Illustrator
Transparency lost when placing a Photoshop CS5 image into Illustrator CS5
InDesign: Why are my text frames shifting down slightly when I copy them from a master page and paste in place to other masters and pages?
Exporting .emf file from Illustrator then inserting into PPT without white surround
Overlapping text with InDesign&#39;s data merge
How to work with image sprites in Photoshop?
Create curved lines by font
Designing properly for the web - grids for bootstrap and preparing files in photoshop
How do I convert a Keynote file to a high resolution PSD?
Indesign: Master pages not applying correctly in the right order
Keep Smart Object&#39;s percent resize in Photoshop CS5
Warped distortion effect
In Indesign, how to apply one master page to all first pages of documents?
Scaling image to suit 480dpi Android screen(xxhdpi)
Is there a more configurable alternative to Photoshop&#39;s Extrude filter?
Photoshop: How to make background transparent without affecting image quality?
What&#39;s this printing technique called?
Actually snapping to pixel grid
Photoshop CS6 - Animate / Keyframe Smart Filter
How do I prevent the Arc effect to be undone after I ungroup the objects I used it on?
I know this is mathematical but what is this
How can you export an Inkscape SVG file to a PDF and maintain the integrity of the image?
What&#39;s the best way to find the CMYK and RGB for flex banner design?
How do I export an SVG from Illustrator such that it renders well in small sizes?
When I draw a rectangle in Photoshop, it does not place it on any layer
Adobe Flash - Sliding Expandable Banner AS2
color distortion with illustrator
PS CS6: brush/cursor: Can&#39;t change from crosshair to precise when too small brush size
Changing multiple text layers
Photoshop Easy Color Change For Client
Illustrator space around outline and removing shape
Is it possible to get Inkscape&#39;s bucket fill to entirely fill regions marked by lines?
InDesign CC : Change pixels with decimals to whole numbers
Indesign GREP: find everything before a matching sequence
Using GIMP, how do I fill the canvas with an image?
How to align a single letter within a text object to the edge of the bounding box in Adobe Illustrator?
Does anyone know what font this is or can suggest something similar?
How to tile a pattern in Illustrator?
Make the text center of its frame (above, below, left, right) in Photoshop
How can I justify paragraph text in Corel Draw and make the bottom line aligned right (not left)?
Preserving font type in illustrator SVG file
Remove existing outline of text color on a GIMP 2.8.14 image
How can I measure PX distance between two points on the fly?
Why do pixel dimensions seem different between Photoshop and my OS?
How can I predict how colors will mix when silkscreening?
How to create perspective like this in Photoshop?
My paint bucket tool is pouring patterns instead of a block colors
How to create a Yin Yang in Pixelmator
How to draw a wiggly line in Illustrator
Why are the edges on these images so different?
Painting area of a shape - Illustrator CS5
How to proportionately rescale a 3D model by a specified amount in Maya?
What is an approximate font for the painting used in &quot;The Treachery of Images&quot;?
What does &quot;Create PDF Compatible File&quot; mean in Illustrator?
Calculating Fold Lines Based on Paper Thicknesses?
Illustrator CS5 converts all the missing fonts of an imported PDF into vectors, how do I substitute the fonts so I can edit the text?
Problem in exporting to pdf in photoshop cs6
How to align objects in a constrain angle mode?
How do you paste one object, several times at once on one artboard in illustrator CS6?
Transparent circle in white rectangle using fireworks
How do I make this punched-out text style in Photoshop?
Inkscape: Is it possible to always save as both SVG and PDF
How can I reuse an embedded raster image multiple times in Inkscape?
Apply Ease to Part of Motion Tween
When using the rectangular marquee tool, are there guides to show the center while selecting?
How to rasterize layer blending options in Photoshop without loosing the effect
Emoji typing support in Illustrator or Photoshop?
How do I convert a red color scheme to a green one without making it look &quot;brighter&quot;
What&#39;s the reason of this statement? &quot;Content is usually best served by appearing as far left as reasonably possible&quot;
In Illustrator CS5, why are my colors dull when I export to png?
How to model with &quot;isoline display&quot; in 3DS Max?
PS CC Filter Selections used in Actions
Is there a simple and automatic way to create halos around multiple (existing) arrows in Illustrator?
Can someone explain more about DPI PPI and LPI
Keep background layer when cropping (script)
Copyright over logo if client was present and contributing verbal ideas when I was designing
Making Box Packaging in Illustrator. Symbol are mirror image problem!
Acrobat: Font changes on paste
How come my text looks like it is not dead centered?
What is the easiest way to remove the background from this image in illustrator?
Output knobs from Altium 3DS as &quot;filmstrip&quot; image array
Exporting SVG in mm instead of px in AI
Can we automatically stack images into one tall image with Photoshop?
How to re-link a linked image layer in Photoshop
How to remake this typographic map?
Add multiple pages throughout of an InDesign file?
Creating outline using extendscript distorts text
InDesign RGB to CMYK Problems
Is there a &quot;Fit to Canvas&quot; option in Photoshop like there is in Fireworks?
Making backgrounds of animated GIF files transparent
Getting Transparent Images from Photoshop into Illustrator
Preventing Illustrator CC vector objects distorting when scaled
Maybe icons should represent the action instead of the medium / device?
How to Save .svg in Illustrator so it shows right on Adroid?
Most efficient way to adapt current mockups to different devices and resolutions
Is there anyway to replace &quot;words&quot; on Adobe Illustrator?
How do I divide a circle into equal parts like a pie chart with Adobe Illustrator?
How to pan with the hand tool in Photoshop CS6 when the view is &quot;Fit on screen&quot;?
How is this &#39;one colour&#39; design trend referred to in the design community?
Show users horizontal scroll is available on mobile
How to replicate tissue pattern using swatches in Illustrator?
Relink images in Indesign
Fill a vector path in Photoshop CS5 without pixelated edges
record action to change layer style using foreground color
How to swap two objects?
How to calculate a good background for a small image? (procedural background)
Preventing exit from full screen mode in Adobe Photoshop CS6
CorelDraw: problems converting to curves text with embedded graphics.
How can I make a 30 degree pattern?
Why are my corners &quot;inside-out&quot; in Illustrator?
Y axis&#39; negative direction seems confused in Illustrator. How can I fix it?
Roman numbers in Inkscape?
How to reduce file size of animated GIF?
Sketch3: where is the reflection tool?
Why do my photoshop designs turn neon when I upload them online?
Which RGB profile should I use for my JPG file?
Get rid of tiny space lines in seamless pattern? Illustrator
How create such amazingly smooth grain with gradient like this?
Photoshop - Removing an Object using the Content Aware function
Macro Crop VS Manual Crop, Crop position out of image Size
Is there a shortcut to double image size in Adobe Illustrator?
How to design Open E Ɛɛ and add it to a font?
Text imported from Freehand
Gif animation &quot;Echo&quot; problem
How to save text in illustrator and open it in photoshop without pixellation
.dds File Loses Color When Viewed in Layers
What are strategies for implementing drawing tablet into workflow?
Are graphics tablets worth it?
How to use After Effects Trim Path with an Illustrator Path
how do I get size of preexisting circularly shaped layer in photoshop
How can I decide between the medium sized intuos tablet or the small one?
Different types of EPS in Photoshop
Set transparency of wood print
What color should I choose for an app icon?
Is there a way to convert from Illustrator to Photoshop and maintain things like text, lines, arrows as editable?
How to put a new picture in an iPhone image frame
How to convert existing image to A4 and set page orientation?
Exporting Illustrator Art Boards without bounding box
Access to all glyphs from OTF font in Photoshop CS6 (Mac OS)
How do I &#39;save as&#39; with a placed file&#39;s name in Illustrator?
Exporting a high res logo for web in Illustrator?
How can I resize, rotate part of the path in Illustrator
What density is the 512x512 icon for an Android app?
How to rotate and snap an object into a desired position? [Illustrator]
how do you save layers as separate files in paint tool sai?
Creating a &quot;black mask&quot; file covering all non-transparent pixels in Photoshop image, all layers
How can I export a flash file to a gif format without losing quality?
sand from under car animation
Substract color from all objects to mode alpha
anti-aliasing issues
Illustrator Transparency and Tracing
Apply a brush on a path in Photoshop CS6
Graphical errors when exporting to the web from illustrator
How to design a t shirt in photoshop
Normalize transformed rectangles with photoshop
Help to print book with 8/5x11 pages on 11x17 booklet in reader spread?
Saving an SVG with viewbox 0 0 in Illustrator
Illustrator: How to create a circular arc with rounded edges
How to prevent unification when animating in photoshop?
How to convert the shapes stroke into open or transparent in Illustrator CS5?
BW image - make all black areas blue?
How to achieve layered line art effect?
Replace individual colors in multiple layers
Cut shape out from above paths (automated) in Illustrator
How to remove border from this coffee cup image when Magic Wand in Photoshop can&#39;t?
Export from Sketch - vector to SVG strange output
What&#39;s the best way to find the CMYK and RGB of a HTML color?
How do I type Arabic text in Photoshop CC multilanguage?
Creating good looking hand-drawn logos
Help on sourcing a print run? #gangRun ?
what tools will help my collaboration, version control and work-flow
Seeking advice to improve the design of an app icon
What is the name of this category of videos?
How do I ensure a colour is flat (and not dithered) when exporting it from Flash?
Adobe Indesign automatic deletion of overflow text
How to fill path in Illustrator with average color (like in Ps)?
Photoshop: how I can increase the height of a part of my image?
Photoshop - clear color data from transparent pixels
Ending a PS CC script when no layers are selected
How to fix disproportional scaling across multiple images at the same time in InDesign?
How to make clear the intent of r&#233;sum&#233; status bars?
Can I lock vector art EPS10 files to avoid editing?
How to set Text on Path on outside path in Sketch?
How can I render a 3D crystal object?
Is there a way to switch to a brush preset in Photoshop but keep the current brush size?
How do I get Adobe InDesign CS6 to export high quality PNGs?
Design wordcloud to fit custom shape with common software?
Making Demonstration graphics for web applications
What is the difference between wireframes and mockups?
Correct settings when it&#39;s for both print and screen?
Why does this still image appear to flicker, what is it called?
How can I shrink these areas using gimp?
Difference between RAW file size and Photoshop Image size
how to print an image to a specific physical dimensions on multiple pages
Illustrator PDF save as: File size differs from yesterday to today in 1MB.?
Can we transform pattern in shape by using handle?
Aesthetic rules for sizing items in grid cells
Preselect text color in Illustrator CC
Photoshop CS5 Type Tool frustration!
Line in sketch not true 100px?
Progressive line width increase in corel draw
Can&#39;t Trace Halftone Object
Urgent: how do I efficiently fill/remove in the chevron in this picture?
How to make white stroke show up for a shirt printing
Indesign running-header character style doesnt work if characters are the number in a list
How to reduce screenshot dimensions for putting in a macbook mockup?
Scaling horizontally but not vertically
Flattened PSD documents
What program can I use to view a .gfa file?
Uploaded pdfs are blurry on LinkedIn profile page
I need to create a vectorial Spiral on illustrator
How can I avoid seeing exceptional color stains
Compress png images with Gimp
Adding frames/borders to images in Adobe
How to make an image completely black and white? (force pixel values to #000 or #fff)
Compress large PDF files in Illustrator
Flash CC Export to Sprite Sheet Poor Quality
Rulers and Grids relationships
How to create a responsive sprite sheet animation in css?
How do I create an 8 x 8 square brush in GIMP?
Moving the file name(s) into meta data
Tools for creating and exporting a LOT of icons?
How to convert old scanned documents into black and white
photoshop&#39;s stamp filter alternative for gimp
Exporting from a pdf to an image creates jaggies
Changing the colour space of a website - or some other way of getting vibrant colours
How to change the time format when opening a video with Photoshop CS6?
SVG images showing up blurry in Safari in any size smaller than 20 px
Stroke with gradient across it in Inkscape
My options to link large image into AI file
Create action with &quot;Extract assets&quot; as one of commands
Does ray tracing render time depend linearly on image resolution?
Correct anti-aliasing color when moving to a new background?
Slice an image into pieces and generate images that contain all the prior parts
Generate/Extract for Illustrator?
Changing Company Logo Colors for Resume
Resize to scale multiple layers at once in Illustrator
Need Guidance for Color Profile Settings in Illustrator
Gimp - fast switching to eraser
SVG font-weight changes when rendered in html
Book recommendations: Illustrator and Photoshop
When I export an image from Illustrator, why is it a slightly different color in the exported image?
Free webfont similar to Impressum Std Roman
Script won&#39;t output bleed on PDF export, and stuck on other portion of script
Text that looks like folded fabric
choosing color map for plotting charts (N curves plotted on a graph)
How do I make a photo look like a checkbox?
Save for Web &amp; Devices in Illustrator CS5 Causes Artifacts on Large Files
A perfect blended circle
Need information on .aep files and related stuffs
Is a poorly designed website better than no website for a commercial enterprise?
How to go to layer of currently selected object in Illustrator?
Advice on font for a &quot;Portfolio&quot; website
Why are Apple products so common in mockups?
What system do you use to name your logos?
What workflow should I use for enterprise-level business card creation?
In PS, how does one make two or more layers on the same level?
Can I save an .ai file as a .psd
When designing PSDs for responsive design, how do grids and columns behave?
Looking for a simple tool to annotate screenshots
make a hole in that shape with round corner in illustrator
Is there any way to change coordinate mode of any Huion graphic tablets on a windows computer?
Is it really impossible to have gradient without banding?
Exact same colors in 2 separate Illustrator CS6 objects appear way less saturated in one
Perspective transform on a raster image in Illustrator
How to make diagonal guides in sketch 3?
What is the best way of cutting out objects to create SVG files?
Photoshop: How to merge two anchor points
How do you deal with clients who bash your designs?
Smallest font size for small print?
Easiest way to create animated icons
Is there a programmable vector software
pathfinder problem
Photoshop Actions: Export with exact pixel size, not percentage
How do I match up Adobe&#39;s color profile to Apple&#39;s?
How do I draw inside an object in Inkscape?
What is Adobe Bridge&#39;s keyboard shortcut for Go Back (OSX)?
AE: Parent Element to a point of a path?
Prevent two paragraphs from separating across a page break in Indesign CC
Photoshop Text Layer Merging/Copying
outputing 32 bit pngs to make a video
Segoe UI font licensing
Is it possible to generate seamless &quot;mosaic&quot; tiles algorithmically?
Cooperhewitt (or other) font family loading issue in Illustrator running on windows!
Illustrator Align object with stroke
Number paragraphs at end in Indesign
How do you define different art board sizes for a custom Document Profile in Illustrator CS6 on Mac OSX?
Importing a photoshop file into illustrator without a white background
Editing a logo in A1 format and EPS format
Overlap objects in Illustrator
Fixed size image on screens and paper?
How to save an illustrator file without extra numbers at the end
Photoshop: Create a guide snapped to a point?
Why do paintbrush loops get thicker at the top in Illustrator?
Illustrator CC live corners not all corners available to curve?
How to output multiple image sizes from one design?
How can I add perspective to something using Illustrator?
InDesign CS6 - form with umlauts
Photoshop CC polygon tool with smooth corners
Smart guides &quot;construction guides&quot; feature intermittent in Illustrator CS5
Why is Illustrator adding whitespace around my artboard?
In Photoshop CC: &quot;edit/transform&quot; instead of edit/transform path&quot;
Advice on website flow and feel
How do I handle large paragraphs of centered text?
Illustrator: How to achieve this look?
Get rid of thin white lines between shape &#39;joins&#39;
Perfect circle inside a square
Printing multi-page PDF with different copies of each page in Acrobat
RGB Vs CMYK : Deciphering gradient transitions in different colour modes
Bad profile color (desaturated)
When do you need to put your trademark beside your logo, and when you don&#39;t?
Button Focus effect with inkscape
Website to apply some visual style to a vector image (SVG, etc)
How many times can I open and resave a jpeg until its quality noticeably drops?
How to get MS Office fonts?
Can I save layers as a template in InDesign CS6?
Standard for testing Aesthetic conditions in software
How can I rotate (twist) a particle field in 3D Studio Max?
Photoshop how to crop a picture within a layer (initial bounding rectangle is empty error)
Need help finding this font or something similar
How to set page size for Postscript output file in Adobe InDesign CS5?
Exporting from InDesign to PDF - getting weird issues
What font is used for TeenChat&#39;s logo?
What canvas size should I use to draw pixel art for an 8bit game?
How do I curve a paragraph of text in Fireworks?
How to convert every pixel of raster picture to square objects in Illustrator?
How to prevent the blurring of resized images (png/jpeg) in Illustrator?
5mm bleed with no guide/crop/reg marks.?
Why do gradients appear like this in illustrator?
Aligning Brushes to Edge with Grid (PS)
Apply a text background color in Adobe Illustrator CS6
How to properly use the pathfinder tool in Illustrator?
Are there specific considerations when sending a design to a newspaper?
In InDesign, is it possible to hide the Web Content loading icon?
Rounding numbers automatically in indesign
How to find out whether an Illustrator file or object has been copied from somewhere else, and from?
How can I fix jagged curved with Photoshop&#39;s Gradient Overlay?
How to smooth out lines of rotated smart object in photoshop?
How to connect two objects as union precisely?
How to save PDF so actual size is the same as artboard size?
How to select a selection and fill it with wanted color?
What is this jugendstil / art nouveau typeface called?
Is creating a vector image from a photograph breaking any copyright law?
How can I condense a Source Sans Pro font so the characters almost touch when 30px size?
How do I compress/zip files in Bridge?
What does it mean when you are asked to specify artwork scale?
File format standard for Printing Photo Books/Albums
How do Pantone coated and uncoated colors relate?
how to open mutliple pdf pages in photoshop
Having issue with Image quality in Photoshop
Filling circle with color in Pixelmator
Why does my PSD file contain only one layer after saving a project from Photoshop?
&lt;Indesign 2014 CC&gt; How to save a booklet to PDF
Which color profile is appropriate for images being printed on canvas?
How to convert document Illustrator file to only one color? (eg. Green)
How to determine what quality a JPG was saved as?
What are the differences between PSD and TIFF files saved from Cinema 4D?
Can&#39;t put stroke width or fill on a path
Replacing whiteness with transparency in CS6
How can I fix jerky text panning in Photoshop CS6 video?
replace artwork while retaining(extract) the reflection, specular highlights and texture of a metal surface
Illustrator: Suddenly drawing (inside other shapes) does not work
How to determine a typeface&#39;s origin and whether I have a license?
How do I move my artwork around after dividing it into artboards?
How to convert an array of HTML colours into into a picture?
Tell element to not snap to custom baseline grid
InDesign CS6 - Content conveyor: placing collected objects (links) at their original positions
Measurements in Photoshop do not match 100% print view size
Editable Boole object
Scale illustrator icon to take up the maximum available space
Which font is used in the image
PS CS6: Texture Painting on a 3d model
Can I export from Cinema 4d R16 to a 3D printer?
Which Logo communicates more &quot;professionalism and luxury&quot;?
Choosing a good highlight color for dark background
Placing a PSD Bitmap or Layered Tiff over a spot colour in illustrator or Indesign
What font and characters are used for the &quot;line break&quot; symbol used in Microsoft Word
How to convert a WOFF2 webfont into a TTF desktop font?
How to export/import a Photoshop action from one Windows computer to another?
How to Adjust text of different sizes in single alignment in illustrator?
Body text alignment to baseline grid when using paragraph styles
Pasting a selection in photoshop with a transparent border clips the transparency before snapping to grid
Are Gimp&#39;s template sizes correct?
Create ripple effect gif
Photoshop (CS6) bitmap halftone pixelated
How Do I Set The Width Of Area Type In Illustrator?
Is it possibe to extract coordinates for shapes drawn in any graphics manipulation software?
Copying Sketchbook Pro sketches to computer
converting a colored vector eps to coloring page single line art
The easiest way to simulate how a PDF A4 letter would look like on a desk?
Create a PDF in illustrator with links to pages
How to fit text inside a shape using iDraw
Why does text of the same size appear different in Photoshop than in Word?
Batch cut and paste on a new background
Where can I download social media icons?
Where can I download a dodecahedron Photoshop template?
Where can I find vectors / blueprints of different car models (vinyl design)?
Will increasing the dpi of my image (without re-sampling) hurt print quality?
Launching external program from Adobe Illustrator Actions
Photoshop CC: how to break up subpaths?
Font not showing on Windows (taking space)
Edit options for shapes in Photoshop (cant seem to edit after creation)
how to subtract 2 elements in photshop when they are in two layers
Printing from InDesign has correct margins, but not from Acrobat using exported PDF
Get difference between two images as transparent image in GIMP
Best way to re-create or draw swirl / spiral shapes
How large are the icons on the left and right side of the navigation bar for iOS 7 on iPhone 5?
Exporting hi-res png with small dimensions at exact size
How do I find the inclination of my Horizon line with respect to the paper/board while sketching a 2-point perspective?
How to find colors that clash?
In Adobe InDesign, how to print full duplex (both sides of paper)?
Illustrator paste in place on one artboard
What&#39;s the best free Function Block Diagram Editor
Changing dpi without changing size
How can I beat the browser when it comes to reducing image size?
How to create a patterned image from existing shape in Gimp
AI files need to be sent to Corel Draw, but they come out funny on the other end
Disable snapping to pixel grid
Indesign to word conversion doesn&#39;t look good
Is there any way to set fallback font-families in Illustrator SVG?
Name of drawing with smooth solid high-contrast shapes
Illustrator: How to change stroke weight proportionally without scaling the objects?
How to use photoshop or illustrator or CSS to draw this?
How to pull out the guides from ruler like photoshop in sketch 3?
Tool to create animated SVGs?
How do I correctly add transparency to an antialiased image using Gimp
Copy value from textbox in action
Font Identification for a futuristic tech-looking font
Why are some SVG Filters automatically converted to PNG when creating an SVG in Adobe Illustrator?
How to Reduce the size of a .png with in PS for web
How to prepare a screen (for screen printing)
How to find name of original image name in PowerPoint?
Preparing Print Docs — Recommended Reading
inDesign document becomes &quot;unsaved&quot; after pdf export
How to save slices as separate images without using &quot;Save for Web&quot; in Photoshop cs6
Opening multiple files as layers in a single image in Elements?
I&#39;m working with 4 artboards in .ai, 4 diecut shapes on each board need to line up with the others
Is this plagiarizing of the Food Lion logo?
If the PDF looks different to when I see it in Illustrator will it print that way?
How do I lay out numbered business cards so I can easily print and hand-cut them?
Why does my Photoshop CS6 timeline have a different layout?
Is there any way to convert &#39;AI&#39; and &#39;EPS&#39; to corel draw format (.cdr)?
How do I add an interactive social icon in a word/PDF document?
What ICC profiles does Adobe Illustrator use to convert between RGB and CMYK in its color picker?
Adobe Fireworks: How to make the master appear on all page states
Am I supposed to draw cartoon faces in orthographic or perspective projection?
Erasing a part of circle stroke in illustrator with rounded edges
How to produce this gritty shadow effect?
Photoshop-effect in Illustrator creates non-smooth edges
Not leaving blank pages
Data Merge InDesign CC layout problems
How To Remove Background From An Image In Photoshop?
Should I design business cards in InDesign, Illustrator or Photoshop?
Is there a way to create an action or script to select and embed external file(s) placed in an Illustrator file?
How to get dashed line in Photoshop?
How to create a pattern grid for tiles with Phtooshop
Switching between templates in InDesign
How to create a one pixel pencil brush in Gimp?
Is there a way to mass delete text without deleting the text frames in Indesign?
Is there a name, term, or practice for off-centering things based on volume rather than center of total width?
What font is used for Cherished Lockets&#39; logo?
Any good alternative to LiveSurface (mockup generator for print samples)?
How can I create a shape made up of dried herbs &amp; spices?
How to manage overlapping shadows without using clipping masks in vector illustrations
How to make Photoshop connect Gujarati characters?
Help with typing on a circular line and then stacking
Why should I ever use Unicode’s special characters for Roman numerals?
How do I limit the number of colors in Adobe Illustrator?
Align edges: How to choose which element aligns and which one stays?
Change background color of just one artboard in Illustrator CS5
Column Guides Are Unlocked But I Still Can&#39;t Move Columns In A Text Frame
Substitute for Avenir (Google webfont or Typekit)
Difficulties applying texture in 3ds Max for .obj export
Illustrator basic: 3d grid view
PDF Embedded Fonts - TONS of Duplicates - Why
How to &#39;rasterize&#39; type in Ai: convert the type objects to actual objects?
Exporting individual layers in Photoshop, keeping their sizes
Photoshop Move Tool When Zoomed Out
How to numbering a set of paper
&#39;Snagit like&#39; edit functionality in Photoshop?
Saving batch edited images with filenames based on text content
Catalog Illustrator Work
How do I find a certain brush?
Looking for Suitable Fonts for Page Header and Footer
Saving Illustrator as PDF without the hidden layers
How to get rid of shadow from the old headline when replaced with new one in PDF (Illustrator)
Skew text in Photoshop without transform
Incorrect RGB color used in photoshop
Better way to display three pieces of data on one graph for a website
How to automatically save alternating layers and one set background layer
Logo critique for Hooch &amp; Co
Is it permissible to hire another freelancer to take over my client&#39;s work?
List of Keyboard Shortcuts for Tools and Actions in Inkscape
Dreamweaver import only workflow
Flash Movie Export Color Shift
What is this font
Scale multiple object while keeping text size
How can I import a multipage PDF as a multipage page layer in Adobe Acrobat
Expandable text field in acrobat
How to import a CSV list of names into Illustrator artwork?
How to select multiple anchor points that have a lot of things in between
Logo: improvement, what software to use, general guidelines
States/Layer comps/Frames of a symbol in Illustrator?
Why does my smartObject in photoshop have content outside its Canvas?
Is there a way to get a text value from the user in a Photoshop script?
Can I use company logos in my portfolio?
Is there a (good) mail-client or website to design and send emails?
Merging triangles to make a bigger one
Adobe Automation: Dynamic Text in Template
Matte Painting - What Is &quot;Paint Over&quot;?
How to completely remove the background from an image?
How can I print vinyl stickers without using laminate?
2nd character drop cap?
how to create realistic powder/flour text effect
Text converted in inkscape produces a shaking hand
How can I improve my Inkscape results?
How to reposition an animated smart object with some transform keyframes in Photoshop?
Best way to send client designs
Is buying a tablet worth it if I can&#39;t draw?
How to re-route existing path?
Certain font weights not showing up
Is there a way to export Photoshop Layer to Illustrator in PS Action?
Is it possible to have global color swatches or color styles in Photoshop?
Efficient printing of custom trading card design?
How to get three grayscale images from a RGB photo in PS?
Scanning black &amp; white line drawings
What hapen with this icon?
Are there any Graphic Design e-commerce solutions?
What software should I use to make crisp game graphics for iOS games?
How do I paste into a layer&#39;s mask in Photoshop?
How to tell my boss his webdesign attempts are bad/hopeless?
Using GREP to change to OldStyle figures with Unicode Range
Making different sized prints
Layer to follow edge of a scaling layer
Self Study Graphic Design Help
How to make a font with Adobe Illustrator?
How to create animated GIFs of prototype mockups, like the ones on Dribbble?
How do I build my webdesign portfolio when all sites I&#39;ve designed have been taken offline?
How can I automate the process of cutting intricate shapes out of paper?
How do you scale a vector image to equal a measurement in inches?
What term is used to refer to cut vinyl stickers?
Vinyl cut vectors
Illustrator: Getting solid color values from transparency?
File Size issue when exporting from Word 2013 to PDF
Bug with cutting shapes?
Any way to use an Android tablet as a cheap touch-screen (display + pointer-input-device) for Photoshop?
How to make Hexagone frame a picture in Adobe Photoshop?
How do I find out what the high level differences are between two partially different PSDs?
Connecting dots on Illustrator
Shrink image with text and put into other image
Illustrator Text Bounding Box Resize
Converting Fireworks document into a high-res .pdf
How can I distinguish positive from negative values in a grayscale bubble grid?
Remove transparency in bulk - GIMP
How can I make these overlapped images more realistic?
How to align &quot;text&quot; like groups in photoshop?
Which secondary whitespace character should I use for my seven-segment font?
How to change the size of transparent background in Gimp?
Software to ease the creation of relational illustrations?
Kerning Feedback
How to adjust vertical space between soft returns?
Getting rid of open paths in Illustrator CS5 without overlapping stroked lines?
Styling/Layout advice on an Isotope/Masonry website
What is the GUI style called that is commonly used in sci-fi media?
Page header/footer in sans-serif font; body in serif?
Making the background of an image transparent in Gimp
Connector lines with knee (angle, multiple nodes) in Inkscape?
What font is this? Trying to find a similar, free Western Style Slab Serif font
Stochastic Printing DPI?
Photoshop shows sort of Inner Shadow on Images by Default
What should I do to distinguish an item which has the same color with its background?
Macbook Pro Retina Photoshop Pixelated Results?
Tinting half of my image in Illustrator
Why is Garamond italic all wonky?
Indesign: same color (gradient) looks differently on 2 pages
Outset small rectangle path in Inkscape without round distortion?
creating a guide along the page edges in Scribus
Is it possible to animate a PNG in a website?
How to align hand-held 5 shot bracketing with Photoshop and overwrite each file so that metadata stays correct?
How do I avoid round corners in an text with outline/stroke?
drop shadow only under one side in inskscape
Is there any automated tool for convert PNG to Sprite image?
How do I draw the Cho Ku Rei Symbol in Illustrator
How to split shape in Scribus?
Illustrator CC: Pixel perfect align Symbols and linked Documents
Cut and paste in the same position issue
3D Extude and Bevel effect on Pie charts
How do I extend an out-of focus background in Photoshop?
Problems importing Illustrator files into Flash
How To Unlock Indexed GIFs, then show the layers? (Photoshop CS4)
Sketch app: Is it possible to delete part of border of shape?
Web &amp; Graphic Design Measurable goals
Open Photoshop Smart Object in Illustrator instead of Photoshop
PDF I open in Photoshop and save and PNG is not consistent
Apply Character Style to selection in Scribus
Is there any way to change a color without affecting its brightness in GIMP?
Copy Paste multiple Illustrator layers into Photoshop for individual editing?
Alternative to Adobe Illustrator
How can I make &quot;screens of black for grey&quot; in Illustrator?
How can the &quot;dress&quot; optical illusion be accurately reproduced on other images?
Grainy/Dotty Images Printing
Importing layers from another InDesign doc via script...?
How to compress an animated GIF?
how would you recreate the distorted/noise effect that google uses in their new material design illustrations?
How do I choose secondary branding colors?
How to crop image so object is in center in Adobe PhotoShop
Fireworks States: Does any other layout tool have an equivalent feature?
Responsibilities and requirements graphic design
How to sell a design to a company?
How to make a rounded edged art board in Adobe Illustrator?
Suggestion for Accurate Printer for Proofs?
How can I make my Photoshop text appear like it does on the web?
setting text on an diagonal path
Is there any tool that gives the percentage occupied by an area in an image?
Align an image horizontally relative to a mask
Can you save an image with a grid in Photoshop?
Which is easier on the eyes: dark-on-light or light-on-dark?
Copying Logo image from PDF to word processor
Photoshop crop has blurred/feathered edge
Is there any open-source alternative to Fontlab out there?
What generic icon could be used to symbolize a brand (McDonalds, Apple, etc..)?
What&#39;s the more appropriate way to introduce a &quot;flashback&quot; in a graphic novel, in terms of color, line strokes and panel shape?
Is Marcellus a serif font?
Anamorphic Design Process
Is there a way to group fonts within Illustrator
How do I embed Google Web Fonts into an SVG?
Helvetica Neue Equivalent on Google Fonts?
What font size should be used for a children&#39;s book?
Where do I find backgrounds like this?
how to edit text in an image
Tube Label Gradient Abrupt Cutoff when Printing Help!
How do I edit an existing layer mask in Photoshop?
Tapering spiral text - tried text on path, art brush, and envelope distort
plugin to allow you to run cs6 indesign files in cs5?
How to count over 1,000,000 in After Effects?
I send a PDF to my client and the colour &#39;red&#39; appears &#39;black&#39; on his computer
Alpha Transparency Remove Background Photoshop
IllustratorCS6 - Rounded rectangle stroke is not rounded also
Can&#39;t enter &#39;Filters gallery&#39; in Photoshop
What&#39;s the best way to animate an illustration for the web?
How to achieve parallel hatching tecniques digitally?
I can never settle on an idea- advice needed?
Software used for video animation gif
Best Method to Vectorize Logo
Type specimen generator
Techniques and suggestions for drawing clearly visible lines
Revision Torture -- How to Charge Fairly
How to create a nondestructive gradient mask over an object?
Should web designers make a free mockup?
How to Select by Color WELL?
Origin of the color red in early typography?
GIMP: the closest thing to Photoshop&#39;s smart object?
I need to resize some digital artwork made in PS for print....?
Inkscape - Merging Overlapping Nodes
Fonts similar to Ubuntu Condensed?
Transform + Auto scale to new Document
SVG looking bad in small resolution?
What do you call this type of top down, not really 3D, perspective?
How can I design in sketch for multiple sizes without exporting blurry versions?
How can I make the alpha in a layer proportional to the darkness?
Gimp – blend between layers controlled by a heightmap
Make a character in a font look like multiple characters of the same font
How to Cut a shape inside objects
How to draw isometric vectors?
Which fonts pair well with Aviano?
Using touchscreens with Paintshop Pro
Ragged edges on a logo
Indesign shuffling page
What should I look for when critiquing a design, specifically the design of a website?
Can my cousin copyright his world population cartogram?
Fastest method to identify any font?
Layer not visible when saving for web
Removing a section of a stroked path in Illustrator
Change Background Color of Text Box in Illustrator CS5
How can I get working the script &quot;export photoshop layer to svg&quot; (from HackingUI)?
Is it okay to use Font Awesome&#39;s social media icons?
What does the interlaced option in Photoshop do?
Polygon shape not closing with brush in Illustrator CC
Copying an excel multi line cell into an Indesign table
How would you represent &quot;changes&quot; in an icon?
What the font used for this old warehouse sign?
Make Multiple Circles In Photoshop
Increase the number of Anchor points on a circle in Illustrator?
How to keep printed documents accurate color reproduction
High resolution pictures in Posters made with PowerPoint 2013
Export Resolution in Adobe Illustrator
Is there 0-255 color standard?
Flash won&#39;t export fully transparent gifs?
What sans-serif fonts pair well with Bookman Old Style?
How do I sort colors in the color table in photoshop
Remove background based on color in Inkscape
Resources on producing responsive design wireframes and artwork, for graphics designers
How to deal with vague comments about a design from my clients and boss?
How to join end nodes of different paths in Inkscape?
Illustrator different color stroke
How do I select an object that&#39;s below another object in Inkscape?
Is there a way to turn a photograph into a line-art sketch vector?
Re-creating Illustrator drop shadow in CorelDRAW X5
Adobe Illustrator CC Transparent inside vector
How to create a shadow effect like sketch
Converting .ai files to .pdf and priting through .pdf but the colors don&#39;t match
What is the name of the group of colours resembling the shades of face powder? Powder colours?
How to achieve a &quot;shiny&quot; effect in photoshop?
Structured pattern, random elements in Illustrator
What gadgets are recommended for an icon designer?
Two colors for one graphic
How can I round the corners on multiple InDesign frames?
Merging two anchor points of the same path in Illustrator
OBJECT &gt; EXPAND is disabled!
How to get the stroke&#39;s color same goes with the fill&#39;s
How to quickly turn hundreds of layers into animated sequel in Photoshop?
Remove white grid lines when zoomed in Photoshop
What is the font used by a local restaurant?
How to trim by hand using crop marks?
Determining Gutter Size in Grid Design
How do I set Extras to be off by default when I start up Photoshop 7?
Where do pictures in branding identity design come from?
Examples of &quot;square&quot; fonts
color hex number
Why are fonts more expensive when used in games?
Is this bad kerning, or is there a space missing?
Does this Chinese font fit in with our brand?
Recreate a 3D rotating prism effect in a web browser
Why is Photoshop&#39;s pixel grid smaller than my actual pixels?
How to explain &quot;achieving good Usability&quot;
Adobe InDesign - Batch create &#39;Named Destinations&#39; anchors
What are design ideas or elements that fit between Winter and Spring?
Illustrator: Embedding figure changes colour
How to change document color mode in Illustrator?
How do I use Save For Web in a Photoshop Automate Batch Action?
How to create mockup like this?
Adobe fireworks UI to mobile live preview
Change canvas size without cropping in Photoshop?
Changing &quot;color&quot; of transparency layer in GIF
How to construct &quot;lowercase digits&quot; (i.e. text figures)?
Fit objects into certain size in Illustrator
Does anyone know what this tool is?
How to exclude hidden shapes when saving to SVG
Add text to InDesign with script?
Open Source software for 2D graphic animation like this:
Is there a way to intelligently auto crop photos?
Illustrator: show scaled percentage
How to colorize highlights and shadows of a photo
What is the style of font called that is typically used in newspaper mastheads?
Illustrator to Adobe Acrobat - Maintaining Editing Capabilities
Get a pattern to apply on other shapes
How can I increase the size of a .jpeg without losing quality?
Illustrator: Change the colors of a symbol
Is it possible to &quot;invert&quot; an SVG file? Not the colours, but the actual areas/paths?
What is application/vnd.adobe.photoshop file format?
Placed Image in Photoshop is larger than actual size, regardless of PPI
What software should I use to design infographics?
How can I make a triangle with two rounded corners?
Why is it so customary to put a picture in center of a QR Code in China?
Are zebra stripes on tables more effective than good spacing and visual contrast?
How to create and save images that can be resized on Adobe Photoshop without getting pixelated?
Is it possible to split the view in InDesign?
How can I make crisp icons for Windows Store apps?
Font shows a box with an X through it, instead of correct symbol
Why can&#39;t I fill a selection with color using GIMP?
Can PS&#39;s sharpen filter be applied as an adjustment layer?
How to remove the background color from and animated GIF image?
Color Theory: Is there a measurement of &quot;colorfulness&quot;?
Easy label lines
Making a logo transparent
How to edit existing shape radius in Adobe Photosho CS6
In a sentence ending with a bold or italicised word, does the period need to be bold/italicised too?
How to avoid export pixelation with vector graphics?
Autocad 15 - Print by plot scale (Architect)
Do designers often work in groups on the same task?
show multiple camera perspectives in Google Sketchup
Align circles in diagonal corners
&#39;Cutting&#39; type in InDesign
Reduce file size with HQ Images
A free font replacement for Bliss
Photoshop layers into SVG paths
What resolution do I need for images placed in InDesign?
How manual is this rough paint brushed edge effect?
How to print a pure CMYK colors in a regular inkjet printer?
How can I draw lines in this highly constrained way?
Is there a gesture-like exercise for drawing faces?
How do I draw straight lines tangent or perpendicular to a path?
Coordinates XY points of smart objects
Script that export photoshop layer groups to PNG files?
How to create a rounded slash / diagonal rounded rectangle?
How to export groups to separate PNG files?
Can I choose multiple layers in Photoshop in the same manner as selecting multiple objects in MS Word?
Extract Assets with CUSTOM Size, Format and quality?
What should be done with genuine vehicle registration plates in a photograph?
Export iOS Icon Sizes in Affinity Designer
How do I apply a color gradient to a stroke?
In photoshop, is there a way to inverse the effect of brush pressure opacity?
How to warp text like it&#39;s in a tube?
How to display a grid system on adobe muse for easier design ?
Canvas recording and on Mac
Adjust workspace size
looking for &quot;online book&quot; resources/examples
Graphic Design for developer
Average stroke from a fill
Nearest neighbour interpolation not working in ImageMagick
Adobe Illustrator vs Adobe Indesign for brochures
Trying to give text a gradient effect in Illustrator cs6
Extract controls from screenshots
How to become a graphic designer?
How would I create this &quot;dot shading&quot; effect
Changing Text Inside Logo
Better modern backgrounds for web page elements
How to prove an image has been released under Creative Commons?
How to change textframe creation order in Indesign
replace content of smart object by variables(data sheet)
When saving, I&#39;m not getting all the Photoshop image formats as options
How do I blur an object in Illustrator?
Can you include retina and non-retina images within the same sprite?
The use of punctuation marks on web links
scan/fax with text &amp; numbers in black &amp; white - how to improve/cleanup/enhance using Photoshop/GIMP?
Scaling a text box
Web page animation vs. adding simple sound
Can the end of double spacing after periods be dated?
Lists (similar to &lt;li&gt;) in Sketch 3
What software do I need to shift an image within its frame?
Wanted: photoshop filter for free-hand glyph to simulate anti-aliasing
On Photoshop, how do I export without the effects?
What font is used for Swire&#39;s logo?
I can&#39;t easily select artboards in Illustrator CS6
Which PC hardware specifications should a Graphic Designer focus on?
How to make a donut chart/segmented ring graph
In Indesign when printing doc with transparent logo. The tranparent area is effecting the background colour
First year student: Is $50-100 too low a rate for a logo design?
How to bend a rectangle along a path?
Intersect (Pathfinder) a picture and shape on Illustrator
How to select a specific color in Photoshop CS2?
List of RGB quaternary (and beyond) colors?
How do I expand objects from my live traced drawing?
What is the name of this floral design style?
Which is better for icon design: vector graphics or raster graphics?
How do I handle an increasing lack of faith in my design abilities?
Photoshop CC Generate Ignores &quot;Layer Mask Hide Effects&quot; option
How can I select a specific anchor point that intersects with many others from the same object?
Why is my text looking blurry in Photoshop CS6?
Optimizing a background image for an A0-sized poster
How to cut of rectangle shape to create bracket in Photoshop?
Inkscape or Illustrator for this kind of work?
What causes the effect in the Sonos logo?
Text on path not working as it should be
Adobe Illustrator - how to prevent the &quot;Eraser Tool&quot; from changing the target brushes&#39; size?
Keyboard Shortcut to hide selected layers in Photoshop
Why does grouping or moving textboxes break the script?
Adobe Illustrator doesn&#39;t change units from points (pt) to pixels (px)
Fireworks CS6: easy way to adjust values like in Photoshop?
professor would like a 3d form made from laser cutting , from an illustrator file
Finding open paths in Adobe Illustrator
Indesign - how to set up a page for printing with crop marks
Placing the names of layers in Photoshop into Illustrator as text
How can I represent &quot;fast&quot; or &quot;Fastest&quot; in a logo? Any successful examples?
Why can&#39;t I resize my text box in Illustrator CS6?
Photos to Ascii Art
Can I copy and paste guides in Sketch across different artboards?
What do I do when I quote a price for a design but the client keeps asking for revisions and redesigns?
Green numeral in Illustrator?
How can I get rid of these jagged lines?
Is the first pair of images for Text Protection in Google&#39;s Material Design wrong?
How do I italicize fonts that don&#39;t have an italic variant in Illustrator?
What should be the basic points to know while creating a logo
What is the correct name of this filter?
Many successful web startups have blue branding: is this a reflection of something?
Is it plagiarism if my logo looks similar to an existing one?
Copyright issue with remaking a design from shutterstock?
1 PDF File = x unique codes &gt; How to insert all the unique codes on specific places
Indesign script (Javascript) to return/select words around insertion point
Entering Data for Graphs - Illustrator CC
Inkscape: bitmap pattern filling - 1px line around every tile
Webfont alternatives to Gotham
What Adobe License do I need as an Individual that sells designs?
What&#39;s the point of converting RGB images to CMYK TIF/TIFF before placing them in InDesign?
How to custom hexagon shape in Photoshop
How to create overlapping objects in Illustrator CC
Illustrator: cannot fill transparent areas without compromising strokes using Live Paint
InDesign: How to have a section head to the left of text?
Is there a visual web editor based on bootstrap?
Why do some logos look.. old? How does design age?
Change CS5 Language
InDesign: PDF auto fill-in when clicking on hyperlink
How can I &quot;combine&quot; shapes with a stroke in Illustrator?
Exporting a slice in Sketch with transparent background around
Transforming a layer in Photoshop creates a copy of the layer
Adobe Illustrator CS6 Make a texture fit exacly in a custom shape?
Correct term for stacked / super-justified / variable height text
How to target both Photoshop and Illustrator in one script file?
Designing A Website from Scratch – Illustrator or Photoshop?
How do I turn on animation timeline options in Photoshop CS6?
How to blur everything except fuzzy region of an image in Photoshop?
Indesign script to copy from clipboard to story
How to align text exactly to grid?
Perfectly blending dots along infinity symbol path
Why does Color Dodge produce different results when applied to a group of layers, compared to when applied directly to the layers themselves?
How to Save .AI File so that it matches with any background
Illustrator - combine shapes and keep perimeter as path
How can I create a word using a font with my own pictures in it?
How to reference a sublayer by name in an Illustrator script?
Is this &quot;G&quot; logo too complex for a website logo and mobile phone logo? How to improve color scheme?
Printing poster from inDesign file
Space between 2 paths illustrator
Choose white or black letters over color
How can I manually add outlines to image traced using Image Trace
Photoshop Edge Bleeding
What color swatch preset to use for preparing graphics for print?
How can I find an illustrator who can produce game art in a particular style?
I have cropped part of the image and want to crop another part of another image with the same size and location
Create a gradient overlay on a photo
Set an alternate baseline grid in an InDesign document, different to the rest of the document
Trimming Quadrilateral Into Rectangle Script
Why is a PDF made with AI showing a faint black ghost outline around some shapes?
Saving sprite sheet into separate images
Apple&#39;s U2 ads - light effects and mask
What does the size of the font translate to exactly?
Is it safe to use an image when I&#39;m unable to identify its source?
How can I make a white background area appear raised against a white background?
How to handle a client who only wants to purchase stock images from my design mockup, instead of my design?
Flash CC - Draw letter animation
What is this grey block around my workspace in Illustrator?
Illustrator CS6 Data Variables XML Parser Error
How to replace a blend&#39;s spine with a text outline in Illustrator?
How to handle freelance designers that fail to meet expectations?
Indesign script to add/change text in a paragraph
Is 32-bit color depth enough?
What are the best mac applications for developing pixel art?
Why does InDesign only return the field name when I data merge multiple records on a master page?
How to align the object on every page to the bottom for multiple pages in InDesign?
How to convert a specified colour to transparent for a series of PNGs with ImageMagick?
Is Alembic worth paying attention to?
Critique: Are these text-based logos positioned comfortably, and do they convey elegance?
Is it safe to incorporate a Star Wars Light Saber into a logo without permission?
Align outside border to grid
Looking for vintage exercise stock photography
Can I re-lock an element of a page in InDesign?
Alternate for sketch on windows platform
Determining color palettes for color blind users
Which is more beneficial for a career as a User Interface Designer; an apprenticeship or a university degree?
Distorted shape after using pathfinder (illustrator cc)
How to evaluate the quality of a font before deciding whether to purchase it for commercial purposes?
Painlessly export from Sketchup Pro 2013 to Cinema4D R15 Studio
What are best practices for choosing and pairing fonts?
Why can&#39;t I merge two points?
Keyboard shortcut for making text bold in Indesign CC
convert to timeline isnt giving me one frame to work with anymore?
What does rasterization do to an image?
How to customize / edit the filter presets in Inkscape?
Is there a shortcut for switching between preview modes in Fireworks CS6?
How do I curve Text in Illustrator CS5?
Rapid web development tools and choosing color palettes
Copy and paste from photoshop to illustrator and maintain transparency?
Finding intermediate colours between two xyY colour points
How can I print multiple Illustrator artboards on one page?
Centering text vertically with CSS
Why would a designer want to purchase a typeface instead of using free ones?
How to see an embedded image&#39;s dpi (ppi) in a pdf in Acrobat Pro?
How to shrink vector object without distoring it in Illustrator?
Best choice for replacing old computers for logo printing?
Export Layers as JPEG File (including background) in Photoshop
How to go about creating 54 individual post cards that create a map when all put together?
how do you do text effect like this CMYK offset-effect?
optimizing a website mockup for portfolio
How to cut part of text beneath masked object in Inkscape?
Isolate a Collection of Thin Lines from a Photograph
Printing Different Sized PDF
from RGB to CMYK in InDesign
Indesign paragraph style copy attributes from &quot;based on&quot;
How can I remove text from a background?
Indesign script to apply paragraph style to alternating paragraphs
Is there a good source for ANSI character sets for typography testing in web design?
Illustrator: Lock artboards&#39; content
Text Created in CS6 for use in a website
Why has my Photoshop Colour pallette gone so colourful?
How do I apply a Photoshop filter to fixed parts of an image?
Cannot see fonts in Font Menu Illustrator CS5
InDesign Spread Pagination
Is it legal to use copyrighted fonts without a license for non-profit projects?
Is there a way to add all colors used into the swatches panel?
Using &quot;vector-like&quot; raster images in PDF documents
Minimal color poster generation (Obama Hope style)
What is the natural aspect ratio of a 12 column grid?
GIMP opens JPG file with different colors
why won&#39;t my ai (creativeCloud) file save a thumbnail for quick find in Finder?
Lining numerals in Photoshop?
Layer Comps in Illustrator?
How to reduce the number of nodes in a traced map using inkscape?
How to export .svg file from Adobe Illustrator with shape IDs?
How can the excess be removed from a clipping mask?
How to import SVG icons to Sketch so that they don&#39;t overlap and placed in order?
Does a graphic designer run the risk of losing clients if he/she publishes instructional books and tutorials for non-designers?
Divide a path into equally parts
How to create these pixel effects in Adobe Illustrator?
Stroke doesn&#39;t scale proportionately when entering new size via keyboard
Textbook to learn Adobe Illustrator
How to determine the &quot;native&quot; size of a bitmapped font?
Improving Performance in Edge Animate
What is six-color (6C) process printing?
problem afetr selecting image using pen tool
MS paint 256 color codes
Adobe InDesign 5.5: why when I place some pics they come out with a very lower resolution in the doc?
can&#39;t find Mac CMMI8 fonts for illustrator image create with python (postscript)
How can I slim down all my bloated photoshop files at one time?
How to go about &quot;writing up&quot; a legal contract for clients
Is there a conventional format for an alpha mask?
How to retrieve an image which is gone yet still present in the document?
If someone re-creates an old public domain icon today, do they own it, or is that piece also public domain?
Flip type when its on a path, AI CS5
How do I join a reflected object to the original so there is no stroke running down the middle?
CS2 Upgrade Help
Ideas for designing the logo of a national logic association
What&#39;s the pixel dimensions of a presentation slide for Open Office / Libre Office Impress?
Illustrator: Make a compound path a single path
Making multiple vectors one single vector in Illustrator
Need help determining pricing for designing a very ambitious app
Illustrator Vector Graphics Appearing Pixellated
Repeat client is suddenly demanding intellectual property rights!
Choosing a set of colors to display text on a white background
Streamlining paragraph styles in Photoshop projects
How can I best represent scaling when painting?
Smoothing calligraphy / script lines in Illustrator
How to have full bleed between two facing pages Indesign
How to make this Twisted Strokes Effect
How to make visual interface in photoshop script?
Is it preposterous to have 2 different light sources in a design project?
How to save an action in photoshop?
How do I copy icon designs from Photoshop to Illustrator in order to turn them into .svg?
Is ampersand allowed at the beginning of line?
Photoshop CS6 - Can&#39;t find Show -&gt; Pixel Grid
How to apply the same Distort effect to a batch of Adobe Illustrator files?
Can you identify this blood-like font?
How to differentiate 24 Bit PNG and 32 Bit PNG file?
How do I make an image grid with logos? Photoshop, Illustrator or Indesign
Inkscape - Exclusion/Difference: remove fill but preserve stroke (size)
Changing canvas size in fireworks while having a master page set for multiple pages
Is a 100x100 px image with 100 ppi equal to a 71x71 px with 50ppi?
Is there a Photoshop equivalent to Gimp&#39;s Bump Map filter?
How to remove a portion of objects in Illustrator
Is it possible to edit placed PDF file in InDesign if it was exported to PDF from InDesign
How to design with denisity pixels in Photoshop?
&#39;Effect &gt; Stylize &gt; Rounded corners&#39; not available in Illustrator CS6
Does a gaussian blur applied in illustrator stay vector?
Open source softwares for editing a macromedia flashplayer animation
Design software that allows reuse of common elements, like the DRY principal of programming
going from PC Photoshop CS6 2010 to Element for Mac and vice-versa?
All dots are invisible after repackaging a font, only in Illustrator.
Reset/avoid distorted Illustrator graph text labels after scaling?
How to drop shadow over a layer
Slicing an EPS file using Adobe InDesign
How to make an eye glare effect in Photoshop
How to close areas of this image so I can fill them
Things to consider when designing for flexible materials (+ dimensions of a 2,5 Kg chicken bag?)
How to make patern in photoshop
Specific Section and Page Numbering InDesign
Trying to Export From Photoshop to Illustrator
Is there a way to preserve EXIF data when converting file from JPG to PNG?
Need help changing canvas size in adobe fireworks while having a master page set
Why is InDesign rasterizing my Illustrator placed files?
When and why do I use &quot;s&quot;-shaped quotation marks?
Collating an RTL &quot;book&quot; in InDesign CC
Rotate position with Photoshop animate
Inkscape: How can I access control points of corner/end nodes?
Constrain certain dimensions while resizing groups of objects
Gif keeps overlapping in Photoshop
Loss of quality when cropping smart objects in Photoshop
How to make text effects?
Is there a version of the Everson Mono Bold font that&#39;s suitable for web pages?
How to save logo for web from Illustrator (logo looks pixelated after uploading)
Suggestion for Alternate Font Option?
3d view of design
How to make the .eps file smaller
How to design a powerpoint slide and convert it into web page?
How can graphic designers contribute to Open Source projects?
Photoshop Automation
Can I modify text within Photoshop files programmatically?
Action or script for saving files in Photoshop using text from clipboard as the file name
Critique Request of my leaf logo
How should I trace/vectorize my logo?
Does SVG supports complex logos?
Designing a laser cut cube
Create contact sheet in PaintShop Pro X7?
How to make PNG-quality animations in GIF format?
How would I replicate this long shadow image?
Long Shadow Effect in SVG for Web
How to make a graphic with long shadow?
How to create an adjustment layer that blurs all layers below?
Change the background color of an iDraw file?
How to open a multiple page PDF file as artboards in Illustrator CS6
Default print margins
Indesign - TOC divided in multiple categories
Which free fonts are similar to this sans-serif Handel Gothic font?
What&#39;s the name of this humanist sans-serif font used for the Anthony Chabot Regional Park signage?
Adobe Illustrator PDF Works, but then uploading it changes colors
How can I automatically group each shape with the text inside it for a huge collection of rectangles?
How do I make SVG files more transferable from Inkscape to Illustrator and viewable in Chrome?
Why is Photoshop CS5 making huge gaps between lines when I make a line break with the ENTER key?
How can I contain the outer glow on the elements within my logo in Illustrator?
How are postcards and greeting cards printed?
Add colors to color schemes
What&#39;s the font in this Utopia logo?
Any good reason to study graphic design?
How can I extend an existing font to include punctuation and numbers?
Are softwares like maya, autocad, 3d max, nuke, etc. helpful in anyway to a ui/ux designer
How can one save a 2D part--that is, as connected paths--in Illustrator so that it can be &quot;read&quot; by AutoCAD?
Annotations in Isometric View AutoCAD 2014
AutoCad vs Illustrator for logo design
How to sample actual color of an area in illustrator?
What is the font used in the logo and product names of Robotis Inc.?
What is this &quot;justified&quot; text technique called?
Where is the Live Trace function in Adobe Illustrator CC?
Is there a name or a way to find this kind of images / color palettes?
Faded Colour Code Calculation
Why do I have to use a gamma of 2.2 when using a JPEG picture?
How to draw cement-wall-like transition background in Adobe Illustrator?
How can 120*160mm be a &quot;landscape&quot; format?
How to properly scale-down png assets
Mismatch Color from Adobe Illustration &amp; Photoshop if Saved in Android / Apple Device
View channels and delete alpha channel in PSP X7?
Illustrator - Add Second Anchor Point To Text
How do I convert my .ai file as a .pdf without mystery lines?
Resizing text, not bounding box
A good monospace, condensed and open-source typeface?
How to prepare a design document in Corel for UV printing on glass
Refraction and image emitting surface
Is there a way to assign “Align to Selection”, “Align to Artboard”, etc to a keys or to one key so I can toggle between them?
Can I display CMYK in RGB format easily?
How to begin with UI design
I am not a graphic designer, what do I need to know so I don&#39;t come off as a complete luddite?
Make stroke path tips fading fading on both tips in Photoshop
Group paths into fillable objects/Join open paths in Illustrator?
Pasting strokes into InDesign moves positioning
Removing several anchor points in a path quickly -using a box for example- (Illustrator CC)?
Fading line using gradient tool in Photoshop CS6
How do you create custom Arrowheads in illustrator CC?
I want to use Helvetica Neue in my Android application. Where do I buy the appropriate license?
Critique: Scrollable flyout nav menu
Are CMYK color profiles used when printing PDF files?
How to list the fonts used in an adobe illustrator (AI) file, on linux?
Link corners (draw hypotenuse) of rectangle using pen tool
Create blur behind image in photoshop
Cropping the exact same part of several pictures
Why does rotated (R) shapes, that I copy and duplicate (Cmd+D) around a circle, get disordered?
How Should Adobe Bridge Be Used?
Illustrator: alignt according to points WITHIN object groups (not their uper/lower border or center)?
Missing objects during resizing after copying/pasting from Illustrator to InDesign
From CC InDesign file version to CS6
How to reduce the file size of a PSD image with minimal quality loss?
Shape fill doesn&#39;t line up with it&#39;s bounds... Watch please to understand
With what software I can create 3d expo booth designs?
Rounded corner shape with rounded sides
Resize artboard to content in Sketch
How to convert a video file into an Animated GIF in Photoshop?
Avoid pen tool from modifying another path in After Effects CC?
Reduce 30MB image to less than 50KB without significant loss
Exporting from Illustrator causes a weird path effect
Box with rounded corners and a colored border
How to visualize combinations of data for a gene discovery application?
Alternative to font &quot;x&quot; chart or service?
Free / cheap desktop publishing software for a book with some graphics? (OS X)
Easy way to make smooth connection in Adobe Illustrator CS6
What is website strategy/creative strategy?
Path Segment Reshape
How to create a circular black gradient mask
How do I change the dimensions of a cylinder in PS CS6 for 3D mapping?
PDF viewer with a &#39;View Outline&#39; Function?
Can I make changes to the Facebook &#39;f&#39; square logo like removing the background?
Is there a standard resource for Material Design that I can compare a design against?
How to copy live shape property settings from one shape to another in Photoshop CC?
How to create keyboard shortcuts for Copy &amp; Paste Shape Attributes in Photoshop?
How to apply a brush transparency over itself in Photoshop?
Image size for web - Image Layers
How create rounded corners for a layer or selection in Photoshop
How can I change a die line color?
Is inconsistent leading generally viewed unfavorably?
How to prepare (what all sizes and resolutions) mockups and UI graphics for an Android app in PS
Panel gone too big in workspace
InDesign Gradients Showing a lot of Gray
InDesign and PDF printing boxes instead of shadows - Onscreen looks perfect
How to create a template for UI elements?
Photoshop: Different workspaces in photoshop like Firefox workspaces
How can I prevent layer effects from overwriting when merging layers?
How to create a RGB gradient?
How does Automator (Mac) compares to Photoshop based on reducing images to thumb size?
Isolating red ink with GIMP/Photoshop
Is there a way to copy text style in Photoshop?
Make multiple variations from 1 master file
How do I manually downsample something?
Creating a blur overlay in photoshop?
How to show boundary of every layer in Gimp?
Is Computer Modern a high-quality font?
Fill anomaly ofter joining paths in illustrator
Does anybody use Duik plugin in after effect? I need some help or need a better plugin for rigging
Recommended Body Font Size for Print Magazine?
Resizing images: how to select BOTH the image and its container?
Do I charge my first client before or after the design is complete?
Paint Bucket not filling selection?
Innovative ways to make a flowchart stand out?
Making Flowchart
Low Poly Cinema 4D Graphics
Working on a tri vision display... Do I have to work on a large document?
Do people read paragraphs with font&#39;s size bigger than 18 px
How to use value-based pricing for design projects?
How can I set my document in Illustrator to 700dpi?
Why won&#39;t &quot;Multiexporter&quot; export any artboards? (&quot;Will export 0 of X artboards&quot;)
Why are my Illustrator images blurry when placed in InDesign?
Designing Professionally themed PDFs
How to convince partner that logo shouldn&#39;t be on top of every window
How can I change a multi-coloured logo into a single colour logo in Photoshop?
How to change multiple layers / frames duration at the same time in the Photoshop Video Timeline?
Is having a skills bar chart on a resume a good idea?
What do you call this design that has low poly shapes, but instead of shapes, it&#39;s wires
import pages from photoshop to indesign
Which geometric, rounded, Bauhaus style fonts are similar to this sans-serif &#39;Abeat by Kai&#39;?
Is line height related to the typeface used in css?
How to get all colors used in a photoshop document? any script out there?
Shortcut to hide all guides and stuff (inDesign)
How to squeeze an outlined character?
How to crop the rectangle effect in the appearance panel
How to use Layer Comps in photoshop
inDesign: how to import several images from the same Photoshop document while conserving their relative size?
how to create a brush in photoshop fading from both sides
InDesign: Is there a way to set table cells at different angles to each other?
How to set default layer group in Photoshop cs6 that i can call all the time for new psd files
Applying different margins/slugs to different pages
How to auto fill dates while doing a calendar?
How should I prepare my fonts to support a Chinese version of my website?
How to flip picture at an angle in photoshop?
Does my very ugly website violate any general tenants of graphic design?
Is there a term for this &quot;gripper&quot; UI element?
Keyboard shortcut to switch black/white or foreground/background?
What is the general stance on &quot;jump headlines&quot;?
Critique: Which of these logos best suits a custom rap song website?
Standard logo dimensions and format?
Are @2x images simply larger in terms of height and width or do they actually have a higher PPI (pixel density)?
How to add images to existing PDF file in Photoshop?
Photoshop: Undoing after shift-clicking with brush
Is there way to convert a PSD or Illustrator file to PowerPoint?
How to visually represent a color contrast issue to a person with normal color vision?
Big Sans-Serif From Aaron Draplin&#39;s Presentation
Editing text from Master Page?
How do I straighten a curved line in Illustrator and maintain its length?
Hiding parts of images falling outside the page
Is there a way to batch remove the same background from multiple images?
How to achieve pixel perfect curves with Photoshop CS6?
Is there a way to enlarge the InDesign interface elements?
Changing File Sizes in a PDF
Why are the bleed and slug lines outside my pages?
Arabic website - design for right to left languages
What&#39;s the best way to create custom grid lines in Photoshop?
How to know in which fonts a specific glyph is available?
imagemagick convert: changing color profile
Go to next frame on Photoshop timeline
Is there an alternative way, instead of Adobe DPS, for read an interactive pdf with buttons and slideshow on mobile devices and ipads?
Why does my transparent PNG not look good?
How to avoid 1.23 decimal point uneven unit value in Photoshop?
group ungroup in Office Powerpoint Online?
What is wireframe-esque design style called? Is it made solely with pen tool?
Using GIMP to extract a background from a set of pictures
Apply layer comp in linked smart object only to specific layer comps in root PSD?
Do I need a commercial font license for small clients and derivative works?
How to create this fading shadow effect in photoshop?
Smooth rounded boxes in Illustrator and path end angles
Is there a name for a Wikipedia-like &quot;W&quot;?
Preserve blend mode effect when underneath layers are disabled? (Photoshop)
Website header graphics size and format
Auto updating an image and its thumbnail version in a document
What&#39;s a good replacement font for ITC Avant Garde Std?
What&#39;s more important, baseline font-size or baseline line-height when creating grids based on a modular scale?
Selecting in PSE
Imitating Gaussian Blur with Smart Blur
How to replace color in Photoshop?
How get high clear-cut favicon from illustrator vector logo?
Sketch subtract weird result
Cant Change Font Face in CSS
Sketch: Apply a bitmap mask to a group of vectors
Why can&#39;t I just download a premade color profile from the internet for my monitor?
Glisten shine in illustrator
Please critique my pending website&#39;s home page with these two questions:
Can I assign custom keystrokes in Illustrator CC?
Getting a vector shape from an EPS file into Photoshop CS4
Is there an easier way to distress graphics in illustrator?
Unconventional Crop In Illustrator
What are the rights of the font &quot;Marcelle&quot;?
Methods for designing identity systems beyond the logo
Export photoshop layers to individual PNG files - batch process?
How do I know which images are copyrighted and not?
Numbering pages and subsections
distort curved shape to fit on curved shape
Is there graphical editor for mac supporting non linear distortions (stretch)?
How do I find out what color mode an image is in Illustrator?
Why isn&#39;t color burn working on a layer style in Photoshop?
How to create a page template of solid and dotted lines for handwriting practice?
Object getting displaced while animating - SVG
Gimp 2.6.12: modify alpha channel while preserving color
How do I set a Photoshop document/template for bleeds?
Is there a difference between the actual ruler and InDesign&#39;s inches scale?
How to make different buttons active inside a symbol (website header) in Sketch?
How can I create a polar (radial?) perspective grid in Photoshop CS5?
How to achieve the effect in the background using Photoshop. Tried blur without success
Possible to perfectly centre rotation point to art board in Illustrator CC
Corner-aligned dashes in Photoshop
Can I explode a transformed object in Illustrator?
How to remove an inner section from a path bounded section?
illustrator - fill pattern does not translate with bounding box
Affinity Designer Toggle Snapping
How can I make my sprite for retina display?
Are there performance differences between Intuos2 vs newer non-Cintiq Tablet?
12pt in Photoshop looks totally different in Web
InDesign: How to restore text-frame position/size to be managed by the master page instead of the actual page?
What are the recommended icon sizes for a Smartwatch app launcher?
Has anyone used Blender for prototyping animations of mobile apps?
How would you make this simple stereoscopic gif, with no camera, or video footage in Photoshop, or After Effects CC? Only needs to be 2-6 frames
How do you call font types similar to Bebas?
For mobile apps, what&#39;s the best graphic design software I should use (Mac)?
What technique can I use in Illustrator to get &quot;stamp&quot; effect?(picture attached)
Placed image doesn&#39;t show when saving as PDF
How to draw a specific dimensions circle using ellipse tool in Photoshop?
How do you create this flat cartoon style in photoshop or illustrator
Is there a way in Illustrator to &quot;snap&quot; open paths to a curve or detect when they are not?
How do I create a granite / stone effect using Photoshop?
What is the serif font used in the King&#39;s Hawaiian logo?
PS CC 2014 Toggle rulers
How to create smoother animation in Photoshop?
Joining shapes in Affinity Designer
How to edit a single frame without affecting all frames of animation in Photoshop CS5?
How to Achieve this Effect
How can I smoothen some of the edges in 3DS Max?
Design Problem :: Creating a Guide to Incentives
How to stop Adobe Illustrator&#39;s minus front Pathfinder command from altering sizes?
How do I fix a gap in text in inDesign?
How to make text adapt to its surrounding shape?
How can I modify text/shapes created early and have effects previously built on those elements propagate automatically?
What is the difference between CMYK and RGB? Are there other color spaces I should know?
What comic / cartoon style fonts are suitable for a mobile game?
How to attribute with a mobile app?
how to design visually beautifull websites?
How does one generate a palette similar to the ones in Google&#39;s material design?
Scale drawings in Illustrator, maintain proportions of line weights and effects
Why buttons without icons in Material Design
Illustrator: IImage Trace -Not able to release after editing
Shrinking or expanding object with retaining it&#39;s original shape
Sketch3: how do you draw a fan shape?
How can I improve my color selection skill?
How to make drawable of android app for all density
Colors combinations and and how to pick a color
Illustrator - Large Vector File to Print at A0
Triple joined path - Photoshop
Photoshop and browser: how to get the colors right?
What is so good about Helvetica?
Which features should I look at when choosing typefaces for classical, text-rich publications?
how can I collaborate using GIMP2?
How to find a professional designer
What is the difference between pdf &quot;print ready&quot; and just straight pdf?
Separate each letter of a text to its own layer
Is there a way to convert CorelDraw version 11 files to CorelDraw version X3 files?
Gimp paintbrush blendmodes usage
What are some tips for getting hired without a formal education?
Avenir OS Font use for Web Logo
How to convince a client to have their logo redesigned?
What kind of files, graphics, and information would be in an &quot;identity starter kit?&quot;
Is it okay to attempt to retract pro bono work?
export multiple Inkscape SVG files to multiple PDF files
Brush stroke a path with thin-thick-thin in Photoshop
How to convert circle to ellipse in Photoshop?
Removing guides in Photoshop
Change the blue shades to white shades
How Can I View Applied Filters in Gimp
What is a good high-quality alternative for the Bell MT font?
Handling non-standard fonts in corporate identity
How do I enlarge a small raster logo without losing quality?
How do I scale up an image in Illustrator to a normal size?
OpenType Features - Adaptable typefaces
How to mask in Illustrator then use in After Affects aswell
Illustrator equivalent to Photoshop&#39;s skew tool
Can I covert my cdr files to AI files?
CS5 export layers as files no number sequence
In Photoshop, is there a way to bring things in front or send to back?
Client wants to remove footer on certain pages, should I?
Combine Two Vector Shapes into One, With One Path (in Sketch App)
How can I change the color of this black icon to orange, as shown in this image?
What is the difference between &quot;flat style&quot; and &quot;material design&quot;?
Is cobalt blue a bad choice for text?
How can I easily move multiple artboards in Illustrator?
How to click and drag select objects?
Printing: Opacity color or transparency in Abode Illustrator
What is this design pattern called? &quot;Continuation wave.&quot;
What font does Apple use for its &quot;light&quot; text?
What are these Apple App Store Fonts?
What font is being used for the Apple Watch?
Adobe PDF file too big to upload. What are my options?
Marquee tool in Photoshop
high resolution works in photoshop
InDesign ignores Illustrator artboard?
Copy &amp; Pasting from Photoshop to Illustrator loses transparency
Problem exporting blend materials to fbx
What&#39;s a good way to get into Concept Art?
What properties should a typeface or font for children&#39;s signage have while still being playful?
Have separate page number per master page side spread-sheet in Indesign
Creating a PDF file with variables
Design a &#39;pressed&#39; version of a button image?
Problems with Inkscape&#39;s trace bitmap when converting with multiple colors
How would I know how good of a designer I am?
How to resize an image made up of 2x2 pixel blocks down to corresponding single pixels?
Help with designing a billboard
When trying to achieve the &quot;ideal&quot; letter count per line how do you balance container size and font size?
What group of colors would go well with these colors?
Content as the whole page or just the content area?
Turn image into geometric array of colours
Quick color panel in Illustrator
100% True Black problem in Illustrator
What design options can I go for when fitting a lot of content in a poster?
Setting quote type for Indesign paragraph style
How do I make objects created with transform effect into an actual object?
Matte effect in illustrator
how to change the workspace color window from RGB to CMYK mode in Illustrator CS5.1?
How to draw glowing lines with glitter effect inside
Difference between Gaussian blur tools in Illustrator
How do I use the width tool and brushes in Illustrator?
How do I import a set of symbols in Sketch 3?
Do&#39;s and Don&#39;ts of backgrounds (Print Design)
iOS Pixel-to-Points conversion
How can I make these blurry Shape?
Is there a quick/easy way to scale one line of text to match another in Illustrator?
I want to blur out a part of a video.
How can I position glyphs within their containing box?
How to resolve a problem with exporting in CorelDraw?
Subtracting unclosed path in Sketch
What is a &quot;cromalin&quot;?
Illustrator CS5 (Mac) Pathfinder Tool Messing up Paths
How do I make a 3 dotted brush
What font family is this Art Nouveau / Jugendstil letter &quot;A&quot; from?
Illustrator 3D extruded paths overlapping contour
Text Frame Expand To Column Guides
Graphic Design Stack Exchange font
How to create an inverse path
Can you identify this brush font?
How can I create this warped circular text?
High quality GIF Compression from images
Which font is used in this Warranty Rewards logo?
When I save a PSD, have it save a PNG w/ a new folder
What the name of this Font is used here?
What is this folded paper text effect called and how do I achieve it in Photoshop?
PDF: zoom with scroll wheel and pan
InDesign PNG Not Exporting Text Smoothly
When zoomed-in in Photoshop how do you scroll to out of canvas?
How to fade two images together in Sketch
PNG from Illustrator placed in InDesign exports badly in PDF?
Pixels in inserted images inDesign
How to prepare an image / graphic file to be printed or embroidered on clothing and garments?
Organizing graphics, icons and photos
How much to charge for a project involving only editing the texts of all the product packages for a skincare line?
What size document to create for poster that will be printed at 36w X 24w inches?
Icon files appear jagged/pixelated on PC
Photoshop draw circle from line
Circular Bend Shape
What is the equivalent to Corel&#39;s &quot;Collect for Output&quot; in Illustrator?
&quot;Some text layers contain fonts that are missing&quot; when opening PSD files in Photoshop
Illustrator isn&#39;t allowing me to select part of a graphic
What CMYK values should I use for the brightest highlights in an image?
Illustrator&#39;s Unite Mode Fills In Whole Layer
Does monitor calibration temperature depend on the season?
GIMP: Toggle show/hide all non print extras
Canvas cut marks
How Do I Resize An Image Without Ruining Text?
Why use sans-serif at all?
How to select visible pixels for all layers in layer group in PS CC?
How are modern cartoons animated, more or less?
How to export large amount of objects to separate images in InDesign?
3D Studio Max for beginners
What size Wacom Intuos tablet should I get for drawing?
Changing InDesign Master Text Size After the Fact
How to &#39;power clip&#39; images into an object in Illustrator
How to convert between Android DP and CSS px?
Should we use slice to export assets in photoshop cc?
Make a desaturated image transparent keeping only shadows &amp; highlights
Change the color of multiple layers at once in CS4
What kind of san serif font is attached picture?
Sketch3: export a group and keep the size of the transparent background
Extra space around shape when extracting a png
Swap Colors (not Invert them) in Gimp
How to create a Bitmap Font, with Photoshop?
How to make camera ignore an object (my case: wall) when rendering?
How to create wireframes in Blender 3D
How can I delete these internal line segments in Illustrator CS6 (intersection of circle and rectangle)?
Why am I only getting grayscales / monotones when applying colors in Adobe Illustrator?
Erase a single pixel in GIMP
How can I remove the unwanted background from a scanned handwritten signature?
How to produce this brilliant effect?
How do I trim the overlapping elements in Adobe Illustrator?
Brightness Threshold to Scanned PDF File
Chapter numbering breaks by skipping a title
How do I make this kind of shadow?
Photoshop: zoom in/out while using Marquee Tool
How to package fonts in Illustrator CS6?
Export from Illustrator to Photoshop at a specific resolution
How to use the Japanese fonts on my mac?
Convert image into mask
A keyboard shortcut for changing the Fill percentage in Photoshop
Can a custom action be saved with the PSD document?
Are single double quotes an acceptable deviation from typographic rules?
Paste text in Photoshop without styling
in ai &gt;&gt; Extrude text that has background-pattern with transparency
How do you get transparent colour on Gimp?
Sharp edge lines on photoshop and not sketchbook please help!
How to export crisp Android icons in Photoshop/Illustrator?
Can I merge CMY layers to K layer to make the black?
Photoshop - Group Items and Make Visible or Invisible
Photoshop CS6 Resize Rectangle with Rounded Corners
Can a visual identity evolve?
How to make my magazine online?
Which SVG features are supported by Illustrator?
Duplicate [text with shape] in photoshop
Use of a Mythical character&#39;s name
Outline stroke from path in Illustrator
Illustrator: Editing a custom graphic style
cut cylinder shape in to 2 parts
What are some ways to spice up boring designs?
Font licensing for PDF on website
Choose new font encoding
How to turn a shiny metallic surface into a matte surface?
How to create a very big photo (like for a billboard)
Cannot place images into Illustrator
Best Adobe product for web designing?
Change contrast/colors, etc to multiple selected images
Exporting in CMYK in Affinity Designer?
Why can&#39;t I retain fonts and textures in Illustrator CS6
Is there a way to change the color of a .png object using Adobe Illustrator?
What price should I charge for design services?
Footnote/Endnote references before or after punctuation? (comma, full stop/period, semi-colon...)
What are the differences between vector graphics and raster graphics?
How to make millimeters the default measurement unit in Adobe InDesign?
Use of Pen Tool
How can I &quot;font-browse&quot; while in design programs?
Free webfonts visually similar to Lineto Circular
How to open an Illustrator CS6 document in Illustrator CS5?
How to subtract text from a shape in Adobe Illustrator?
How do I change a shape&#39;s color in Scribus?
GIMP: Ellipse position from center
How can I quickly enter editing mode of a selected text layer?
Reduce file size without losing quality
Sketch: Can I round the end of a line vector?
How to prepare a design for CMYK printing?
Photoshop - How to make this kind of background image?
How do I create a rectangle with an open corner in Adobe Illustrator?
SVG image not displaying CSS base-64 data URL encoded fonts in Illustrator
Brand Identity Printing
Clipping a photo to a rounded gradient background
How can I draw line drawings with the pen tool but with rounded edges?
Best way to show transition between states
rotate pattern fill in Photoshop
How to create an 16&#215; error/difference image using GIMP or Photoshop
&quot;Serifs improve fast, easy readability for long text&quot; - myth or truth?
automatically duplicate and scatter a shape
manipulate part of a letter without changing overall shape
How can I achieve opacity gradient effect in After Effects CS6?
What is the common tool to accomplish this art
How are Serif and Sans-serif fonts different, and when should one use one over the other?
INDESIGN: How do I unlock an object larger than the page?
In Illustrator, how do I cut off a protruding end of a line going through a circle (letter)?
Adobe Indesign frame converted to text frame right aligns
Can I print an online image to frame it for personal use?
Invalid color profile in Photohoshop
Simplest set of inks that could print the RGB gamut?
Book cover design and royalties
How should I Turn an Animated Gif Trasparent?
Running ink effect in illustrator
How to select all objects in the entire document?
illustrator: pathfinder minus front, cut-out is crude, not precise enough
Importing AI pages into InDesign
Can&#39;t see all the font styles installed in Windows 7
Photoshop CS5, how to create a layer mask from a layer?
Change of colour when copying into a different Illustrator document
What aspects of this diagram should I change to make it suitable as a modern cover image of a textbook?
Which fonts don&#39;t come with Windows 8 that would come with a new MAC?
Vector image in a .pptx exported to PDF: how can I avoid quality loss?
How to reduce file size without losing quality
Changing the font size across multiple Illustrator files
Laptop for Photoshop digital painting
How to set up iPhone screen grid in CorelDraw
What makes a font a &quot;gothic&quot; font?
Are there any go-to resources for how to grab users or readers attention?
Any problems with light text on dark background?
How do I create this kind of of overlap in Illustrator?
How to convert shades of one colour (red) into seemingly equal shades of another colour (blue)?
Hyperlink connect in Indesign
InDesign: Link back from cross-reference
How to remove the background of an SVG with Adobe Illustrator?
How to easily isolate parts of a shape to fill them with colour in Adobe Illustrator?
How to make an array of dots and paths with Adobe Illustrator?
How to create &#39;sub&#39; tables of contents for each section in a table of contents in Adobe InDesign?
How to convert RGB colors into real paint colors?
How to quickly and easily create a grid with Adobe Photoshop?
Amend the texts (font) in llustrator
How can I thread a compound path through a shape in Illustrator using masks?
IS there any way to place the symbol in its original coordinates in illustrator
Ensure a document is ready for 4 color printing
Picture loses quality upon saving in photoshop
How to choose the &quot;right&quot; font size for a given page
How do I do duo-colour dashes?
What programs can I use to create an animation for web?
What is wrong with Comic Sans?
How to separate paths in Photoshop?
How to enable spell check in Adobe Illustrator CS6
How do I merge these two objects in Inkscape such that the space in between is gone?
What are the dimensions for a standard mug design?
Where can I find non-emoji icons for experiences and emotions?
Given a color scheme, how do I apply to website design?
Best applications to learn to become a Graphic Designer
Printer wants me to make sure the barcode is &quot;100% black ink (K) on a white background&quot;
How exactly was the golden ratio incorporated into the iOS 7 grid system?
Why does white appear inside my shapes when I apply my gradient brush to it?
Create hatching in Inkscape?
Exporting a Pattern to Image in Photoshop
Help me to choose a software for drawing
How do I get rid of boxes that appear when I create a pdf from InDesign?
Adobe Illustrator, is it possible to place one artboard on another in the same file?
Hiding page&#39;s black border in indesign
Photoshop: Is it possible to display ONE style of a font in the drop down?
Resizing text in illustrator, 5 to 6 point (some characters hidden?)
Is there a way to change the widths of a compound path&#39;s strokes independently?
Is Scribus a viable alternative to Quark or InDesign?
What is the exact role/relationship of photoshop in web design?
Photoshop Question regarding Fill/Stroke
Find all polygons
How to create a vector (SVG) with XML Code?
How can I export a PNG8 image with alpha transparency from Adobe Illustrator?
How do I use a custom font in an SVG image on my site?
Why is this font damaged in SVG?
How to visually differentiate between manual and automatic edit capabilities
Creating nice curves with InDesign
Is it our task to teach people new scientific discoveries?
1px Transparent Border around image after resize in photoshop
How to have multiple views in single window mode using GIMP?
Saving AI to svg
PS: Creating a matrix grid/collage of images
Illustrator: lock/unlock current layer via keyboard shortcut?
How to add detail and grit to vector graphics?
How do I reduce .pdf file sizes?
How do I create new objects from existing nodes in Inkscape?
How do I create a billboard that is larger than Indesign CS5&#39;s maximum document size?
Static Text and embed text both greyed out Flash CC professional
How to change separate strokes lineart into stroke-less shapes?
Want to identify the font used in this image
InDesign: Multiple &quot;pages&quot; to a printed page
How do I transfer actions from Adobe Phtotoshop CS 5.1 to the latest version in Creative Cloud?
How to package all faces of a font into one family file (Mac)
In RGB, what is each step from 0 to 255 called?
What advantages/disadvantages do specific font formats have for print production?
Need Help Explaining Licensing for Vector Use
illustrator pencil tool jagged line problem
Can you use Photoshop brushes in Illustrator?
960 grid&#39;s indesign template - pinkish background
Generate thumbnails from a folder of images
How can I export image in Adobe Illustrator to a specific resolution?
How to prevent Illustrator CS6 to save internal PDF in AI files
standard size that will work on all devices without medida queries
What&#39;s the best way to make a curly brace used for grouping items together?
InDesign Header and Copy alignment
Photoshop: How to know current size of drawn shape when selecting contained shape layer
Why is Adobe Illustrator rendering my concentric circles like this
import psd as text into illustrator
How can I import Photoshop layer with a mask to After effects?
What is this brush calligraphy font (“free spirit wild heart”)?
Is it posible to collapse/expand all Groups in Photoshop Layers Panel?
Are Truffula Trees copyrighted?
Change all stokes and paths into a &#39;flat&#39; vector shape
How to do material design effects in GIMP
Indesign RGB color space
What is the font used in the logo of The Little Market?
Simple tool for cropping and scaling images
Smooth jagged edges in photoshop
Adobe Fireworks CS6 maximum image dimension
How do you convert a regular font such as Gotham into an outline font?
Photoshop: Layers disappearing when select lower layer
What is the difference between Glyph and Font?
Compatible fonts for English/Spanish translation
Change table stroke thickness using swatches in illustrator
How to remove a specific color in an image in Photoshop?
Mailto: links in a PDF, with a prepopulated Body, not working when viewed in iBooks reader
Import a couple hundred images and place them side-by side in Photoshop
Who designed the Altera logo?
How to Create Angled Screenshots of Mobile Screen on Sketch 3
Name for type that has the same width and height
Shrinking down a smart object causes drastic sharpening
Sketch 3 - Export Layer without transparent pixels
Punch out area of shape using another—with translucent edges
Create a non-closed shape with Photoshop Pen Tool
What font is used in the Heritage Publishing logo from the sixties?
How do I turn gray and white pixels on black lineart into a transparent gradiant?
How do I make non-printable template instructions?
Inkscape: scale with keep aspect ratio as default?
How does the P1 translation column horizontal shift (and other fields) work?
Apply texture to text in Illustrator without losing quality
Gimp - How to loop a gif seamlessly?
How to design a screen where the user only has very few but important options?
What&#39;s the name of this style of chart?
Photoshop shows outline around mask when exported to PDF
How can I find out what RGB colors a website uses?
Clipped layer area dont get uniform shadow in Photoshop
How to remove a white background from a logo in illustrator?
What is the font used in Evangelion&#39;s intro screen?
How to create Isosceles trapezoid?
How can I use multiple overlay effects simultaneously in Photoshop?
Colors to use with black background?
Adobe Illustrator &#39;Align to Pixel Grid&#39; Problems
How to draw an arc shape in Sketch?
Software for mood boards?
How to create a batch job, numbering images (writing text on them) from 1 to 100 in Photoshop?
How can I replace the color of a gradient in an image?
Number of data points on an infographic
Photoshop: How to make image clearer when print out
How to Batch-export layers of Inkscape-generated SVG-file to Bitmap for sprites?
How to know how much to charge for an animation?
How to use brush tool on multiple layers in After Effects
Pixelling &amp; animation: What is a suitable pen / stylus setup?
What are good resouces for learning to use illustrator to design iOS apps?
How to do symmetric modeling on Houdini?
I can`t find this font used in tattoos
How do I draw a box around an object in Inkscape?
How to crop a square at the exact centre of an image in Photoshop?
Odd uneven spacing between some words in Indesign, unable to adjust using paragraph styles pannel
Please help identify block shadowed, inline, font in this screenshot
How to distort artwork for printing on a cup?
Illustrator: Can compound paths have multiple colors?
Export PNG image without alpha channel in GIMP
Saving Multiple Pages as PDF in Photoshop
Software to make maps like on BBC website?
In Illustrator how to maintain an assigned graphic style after using Live Paint Bucket
3-d reconstruction (z-stack) of individual eps files (each of them a slice along the xy plane)?
How do I determine exposure time for a silkscreen?
Difference between Pathfinder&gt;Unite and Make Compound shape
Shading an SVG shape using control points
Is there an automatic way to replace tab and images, instead of Find and Replace in Adobe Indesign?
SVG not rendering in Safari
How to draw a stretched/pulled/conical spiral
What web graphics formats to use?
How to change default text settings in Adobe InDesign?
How to make perfectly rounded curls using AI CS4?
What is this style of icon with 3D white people called?
Add stroke to internal lines in mesh objects
Why is it called branding &#39;collateral&#39;
Do I need to stay in Title &amp; Action Safe areas for Youtube
Sample and paste a color from one object with a gradient to another object with a gradient
When should someone use ligatures?
What sans serif font is this menu using?
How do I divide a canvas into 9 equal squares in photoshop
Winter Bash 2014 Graphic Design
Change the stroke width without changing the width and height of the rectangle
Is there a way to import an SWF file into illustrator without using Flash?
If I double the size of the image and at the same time halve the DPI setting, does the quality stay the same?
How can I get rid of a visual flaw in my logo. It appears to be coming from 3D effect
Change an ellipse/circle&#39;s size from the center after it has been drawn
Scrapbook Graphics
Photoshop Save for web batch not saving the right &quot;Save For Web&quot; size
what is size of iphone6 and iphone 6+ navigation bar?q
How to assign different border styles in Sketch?
Are Smart Objects less resource-consuming than separate layers?
Where are some good places to find royalty free stock images?
Critique: logo design for an engineering company that makes machinery
Do derivative works of Creative Commons BY-NC works also have to be noncommercial?
I want to print some posters but don&#39;t know where to look for Images which are not Copyrighted?
Do humanist/organic sans serif typefaces work well with scientific theses and lab reports in Palatino?
What color is “silver lining”?
Can you identify this font?
Save Channels in PS separately
Make sure the text is always visible as much as possible
Pixlr - Transparent image with Text layer on top . Layer must be rasterized?
How to easily round corners on non-rectangle shapes?
Responsive Images in Practice: @2x images
Is it possible to specify width in pixels for multiple objects at the same time in Illustrator CS5?
Flash to Illustrator CC conversion... possible?
need photo collection of room
Is there a way to make an image larger without losing quality?
How to create an SVG path from a lineart?
How to set Balance Ragged Lines as a paragraph style?
How can I edit an .SVG file?
using black-outlined cartoon illustrations in projection
how can i take a quality output of a gif file in photoshop?
What are the more respected sans serif fonts that come standard on most computers?
How to Export &quot;only&quot; the illustration in Illustrator CS3?
How can I curve a logo on a path without distorting it too much
Best way (efficient and nice output) and best software to ink comics digitally
Alternatives to jQuery for simple, backwards compatible, client-side website animations?
Photoshop 3D extrude colors continue on side
My Photoshop brushes are stripped of their gradation
How do I learn to be creative?
How to create text like in this image?
How can I join a path to a compound shape in Illustrator?
Any way to see the design in different size in illustrator?
how do I import an eps into GIMP with a different background color?
What are the best practices for dealing with desired line breaks in responsive web design?
How to prepare Photoshop to design a Website
Why do websites tend to show the content to the left?
Resources for old vintage (1960&#39;s and older) photography for use?
How does a chibi character do her hair?
How to normalize / equalize background to make gradient more uniform
Round sharp edges of icon using GIMP or PIXLR
How can I create a punctilio for verifying path width in Illustrator?
Whats the name of the font used in this Mickey Mouse birthday banner?
How to view width of a path&#39;s stroke in millimeters in Illustrator CS6?
What is the font used in the Western Union logo?
Chinese webfont optimisation
Can I have a &quot;Live&quot; Navigator in Photoshop CC?
Best Grayscale method for checking contrast?
Combine 2 Unicode letters into 1 in Fontlab Studio
How to create a font for free using web tools?
Resetting InDesign&#39;s &quot;Document modified outside of book&quot; warning
Apply Photoshop dodge/burn to full range
Drawing a double helix in Inkscape
How do I delete the center of the letter A in Adobe Illustrator CS5?
Does the 2014 13inch vs 15inch Macbook Pro Make A Difference?
Tile stitch together hundreds of vector files
What things should I consider when using my own custom fonts on a client&#39;s project?
Taking a photo from a high res camera instead of scanning
Can any tell what are the fonts name used in this logo
Graphic Design - Video games -- events, seminars, workshops, etc
WCAG luminance contrasts - current practice, what is it?
What do you think of? Watch, technology, classic / modern, time, space, infinity
Stroke won&#39;t change in Illustrator
What is wrong with Comic Sans?
Tips and resources for beginning designers
How to copy layers from one Photoshop document to another?
How do I learn to be creative?
New generation of Save icon that is not a &quot;disk&quot;?
Why do some logos look.. old? How does design age?
Making the background of an image transparent in Gimp
Export photoshop layers to individual PNG files - batch process?
What is the single most influential book every designer should read?
Point vs Pixel: What is the difference?
How to handle client requests to violate copyrights?
What is so good about Helvetica?
What are best practices for choosing and pairing fonts?
Are &quot;web-safe&quot; colors still important?
What kind of black should I use when designing for CMYK print?
Why do two perfectly adjacent rectangles create black or white lines in between as if they were overlapping or not exactly adjacent?
Is there a free &#39;Helvetica Neue&#39; alternative?
Where are some good places to find royalty free stock images?
Web Safe Alternative to Myriad Pro Font?
How to open or save as ico in Photoshop CS6
Replacing whiteness with transparency in CS6
Is there a good resource or tool to help build a palette/color scheme around colors I select?
How can I automatically determine fonts used in an image or PDF?
Designing around an awful logo
How to modify the corner radius on rounded rectangle in Illustrator?
Sources for Color Theory or Psychology of Color
What is the difference between CMYK and RGB? Are there other color spaces I should know?
How to make a font with Adobe Illustrator?
Helvetica Neue Equivalent on Google Fonts?
How can I describe the font I am looking for or looking at?
Is it frowned upon as a designer if you don&#39;t use &quot;top&quot; software?
What web graphics formats to use?
How often is the Golden Ratio actually used in modern design?
What would be a good alternative visual way of representing the Push and Pull signs in doors?
Why would a designer want to purchase a typeface instead of using free ones?
Why should I ever use Unicode’s special characters for Roman numerals?
What are good sources for Open-Source fonts?
Difference between kerning vs letter spacing?
&quot;Serifs improve fast, easy readability for long text&quot; - myth or truth?
In a sentence ending with a bold or italicised word, does the period need to be bold/italicised too?
What is the purpose of using a very dark color for text instead of a pure black?
What technical/objective qualities do good logos have?
Should web designers make a free mockup?
What does the size of the font translate to exactly?
How can graphic designers contribute to Open Source projects?
What font types are good for a technical document?
How can I convince a stubborn client that white space is absolutely necessary?
How do you break out of current creative mind sets?
Why are Apple Macs used so much in the graphic design industry?
What causes the effect in the Sonos logo?
How can the &quot;dress&quot; optical illusion be accurately reproduced on other images?
What should you ask the printer?
What should I do if a potential client claims my pricing is too high?
Are graphics tablets worth it?
Should I design business cards in InDesign, Illustrator or Photoshop?
How can a designer explain their work to non-creative people?
Is it really impossible to have gradient without banding?
Do interfaces really need to &quot;look good&quot;?
What is meant by &quot;busy&quot;?
What price should I charge for design services?
Is there a way to copy guides from one Photoshop document to another?
How can I improve my color selection skill?
Should in-house clients receive native files to make their own changes?
Do web designers need to know how to code?
Critique: Tritium software logo design
Can I reduce the file size of an SVG to be closer to its JPEG equivalent?
Add transparency to an existing PNG
Is there an advantage to doing a full image mock-up versus diving straight into writing the HTML/CSS?
Is Marcellus a serif font?
How do you deal with clients who bash your designs?
Exporting individual layers in Photoshop, keeping their sizes
What are some good resource for programmers to design icons?
What DPI should be used for what situations?
Which format is better for saving images intended for websites; PNG or SVG?
Font-face loaded on Windows look really bad. Which fonts are you using that render better?
How to protect against third-party claims when using free stock images?
What resolution should a large format artwork for print be?
How do I change a single layer to grayscale in Photoshop CS4?
What&#39;s the difference between opentype vs. truetype
Why is it that this color gradient is so much more attractive than others?
Why is pure blue darker than pure green?
Methods for improving color choice and combinations?
How to get dashed line in Photoshop?
Is there a standard width for designing web page mockups?
Do I need to license fonts included with my OS?
How do I combine two objects into one in Illustrator?
How would you represent &quot;religion&quot; in an icon, neutrally?
How do I create Mexican hat potential figure in Illustrator using 3D Map Art?
Is there a Github for Graphic Designers?
GIMP: Trying to move selected text layer but moves background layer
How can I curve a design I made to make it perfectly match the curve of a circle?
How do you explain the value of native files to an uneducated client?
What&#39;s the most efficient way to &quot;blank&quot; old comic word balloons while retaining paper texture?
My Xylophone is off key; Understanding this kerning
I need suggestions for an &#39;undelete&#39; icon
Can I stylize a ™ symbol to match logo design?
What do you call this type of top down, not really 3D, perspective?
Alternative to Adobe Illustrator
Professionals: Would you choose GIMP over Photoshop and/or Inkscape over Illustrator?
Best way to convert multipage pdf to separate jpg&#39;s
What is wrong with Comic Sans?
Tips and resources for beginning designers
How to copy layers from one Photoshop document to another?
How do I learn to be creative?
New generation of Save icon that is not a &quot;disk&quot;?
Why do some logos look.. old? How does design age?
Making the background of an image transparent in Gimp
Export photoshop layers to individual PNG files - batch process?
What is the single most influential book every designer should read?
Point vs Pixel: What is the difference?
How to handle client requests to violate copyrights?
What is so good about Helvetica?
What are best practices for choosing and pairing fonts?
Are &quot;web-safe&quot; colors still important?
What kind of black should I use when designing for CMYK print?
Why do two perfectly adjacent rectangles create black or white lines in between as if they were overlapping or not exactly adjacent?
Is there a free &#39;Helvetica Neue&#39; alternative?
Where are some good places to find royalty free stock images?
Web Safe Alternative to Myriad Pro Font?
How to open or save as ico in Photoshop CS6
Replacing whiteness with transparency in CS6
Is there a good resource or tool to help build a palette/color scheme around colors I select?
How can I automatically determine fonts used in an image or PDF?
Designing around an awful logo
How to modify the corner radius on rounded rectangle in Illustrator?
Sources for Color Theory or Psychology of Color
What is the difference between CMYK and RGB? Are there other color spaces I should know?
How to make a font with Adobe Illustrator?
Helvetica Neue Equivalent on Google Fonts?
How can I describe the font I am looking for or looking at?
Is it frowned upon as a designer if you don&#39;t use &quot;top&quot; software?
What web graphics formats to use?
How often is the Golden Ratio actually used in modern design?
What would be a good alternative visual way of representing the Push and Pull signs in doors?
Why would a designer want to purchase a typeface instead of using free ones?
Why should I ever use Unicode’s special characters for Roman numerals?
What are good sources for Open-Source fonts?
Difference between kerning vs letter spacing?
&quot;Serifs improve fast, easy readability for long text&quot; - myth or truth?
In a sentence ending with a bold or italicised word, does the period need to be bold/italicised too?
What is the purpose of using a very dark color for text instead of a pure black?
What technical/objective qualities do good logos have?
Should web designers make a free mockup?
What does the size of the font translate to exactly?
How can graphic designers contribute to Open Source projects?
What font types are good for a technical document?
How can I convince a stubborn client that white space is absolutely necessary?
How do you break out of current creative mind sets?
Why are Apple Macs used so much in the graphic design industry?
What causes the effect in the Sonos logo?
How can the &quot;dress&quot; optical illusion be accurately reproduced on other images?
What should you ask the printer?
What should I do if a potential client claims my pricing is too high?
Are graphics tablets worth it?
Should I design business cards in InDesign, Illustrator or Photoshop?
How can a designer explain their work to non-creative people?
Is it really impossible to have gradient without banding?
Do interfaces really need to &quot;look good&quot;?
What is meant by &quot;busy&quot;?
What price should I charge for design services?
Is there a way to copy guides from one Photoshop document to another?
How can I improve my color selection skill?
Should in-house clients receive native files to make their own changes?
Do web designers need to know how to code?
Critique: Tritium software logo design
Can I reduce the file size of an SVG to be closer to its JPEG equivalent?
Add transparency to an existing PNG
Is there an advantage to doing a full image mock-up versus diving straight into writing the HTML/CSS?
Is Marcellus a serif font?
How do you deal with clients who bash your designs?
Exporting individual layers in Photoshop, keeping their sizes
What are some good resource for programmers to design icons?
What DPI should be used for what situations?
Which format is better for saving images intended for websites; PNG or SVG?
Font-face loaded on Windows look really bad. Which fonts are you using that render better?
How to protect against third-party claims when using free stock images?
What resolution should a large format artwork for print be?
How do I change a single layer to grayscale in Photoshop CS4?
What&#39;s the difference between opentype vs. truetype
Why is it that this color gradient is so much more attractive than others?
Why is pure blue darker than pure green?
Methods for improving color choice and combinations?
How to get dashed line in Photoshop?
Is there a standard width for designing web page mockups?
Do I need to license fonts included with my OS?
How do I combine two objects into one in Illustrator?
How would you represent &quot;religion&quot; in an icon, neutrally?
How do I create Mexican hat potential figure in Illustrator using 3D Map Art?
Is there a Github for Graphic Designers?
GIMP: Trying to move selected text layer but moves background layer
How can I curve a design I made to make it perfectly match the curve of a circle?
How do you explain the value of native files to an uneducated client?
What&#39;s the most efficient way to &quot;blank&quot; old comic word balloons while retaining paper texture?
My Xylophone is off key; Understanding this kerning
I need suggestions for an &#39;undelete&#39; icon
Can I stylize a ™ symbol to match logo design?
What do you call this type of top down, not really 3D, perspective?
Alternative to Adobe Illustrator
Professionals: Would you choose GIMP over Photoshop and/or Inkscape over Illustrator?
Best way to convert multipage pdf to separate jpg&#39;s
What should one ask when gathering graphic design requirements for a website
Where can I find a large palette / set of contrasting colors for coloring many datasets on a plot?
Any way to use an Android tablet as a cheap touch-screen (display + pointer-input-device) for Photoshop?
What do I do when I quote a price for a design but the client keeps asking for revisions and redesigns?
How do I stop Illustrator from snapping to pixel increments?
What is the easiest way to export just the selected objects in Illustrator CS5?
Is there any way I can add watermark to .jpg files (around 15000), en masse instead of one by one?
What is the difference between a designer and an artist?
When should someone use ligatures?
What are the steps in designing a website?
Why are raster images still used when vector images have so many advantages?
How do I choose a good cover photo for my website?
What are standard ratios for typography on the web?
Learning Logo Design
How to direct users eyes on a website
How do I embed Google Web Fonts into an SVG?
Why do some fonts make I, l, 1 look the same?
RGB and CMYK: Why both?
How to get standard results in colour management in Linux
Version Control for Designers / Alternative to Version Cue
is it mandatory to keep 72 dpi for web design? What if I create in 200dpi?
Do web frameworks such as Bootstrap or HTML5 boilerplate offer anything to a designer (not developer)?
I&#39;m trying to make my character look big, strong, and imposing, but it always ends up cute and fat. What am I doing wrong?
Favicon Best Practices 2014
How can I represent speed in a graphic?
What is the &#39;John Doe&#39; of company names and logos?
What is the difference between wireframes and mockups?
How to answer the ever-present &#39;make the logo bigger&#39;?
Turning off slices in Photoshop&#39;s &quot;Save for Web &amp; Devices&quot; without deleting them
Is it possible to use a fully open source workflow for print design?
How can I design a simple logo without any prior skill in graphic design?
What are the differences between Helvetica and Arial?
What&#39;s the difference between CMYK Black and RGB Black
Fireworks for website design - why?
What are common mistakes that you see in &quot;professional&quot; designs?
Create equally spaced circles around a sphere object
Removing guides in Photoshop
Clearly distinguishable colours for scientific figures
Optimum line height in relation to font size
Illustrator CS6: Change artboard size / final saved file dimensions to match bounds of content
How would I know how good of a designer I am?
How or why do your eyes move away from a focal point to other elements?
&quot;Good Artists Copy; Great Artists Steal&quot; - How can this concept be supported &amp; explained by a designer?
How do I make screenshots look good when printed in CMYK?
Is Scribus a viable alternative to Quark or InDesign?
Why all the hate? --Two spaces after the period
Does hyphenation increase legibility?
Where do professional designers &quot;go&quot; to look for typefaces?
What is the effect of ligatures in web, regarding SEO
Alternative to Lorem Ipsum (dummy text) for websites
Is there any open-source alternative to Fontlab out there?
Are there any tangible benefits to becoming an Adobe Certified Expert?
What exactly is a &quot;Pixel&quot;?
How to create animated GIFs of prototype mockups, like the ones on Dribbble?
Where should drop cap be suitable?
How to enlarge an image with as little pixelation as possible?
What are the differences between vector graphics and raster graphics?
How are Serif and Sans-serif fonts different, and when should one use one over the other?
How Should Adobe Bridge Be Used?
Is it possible to modify a rounded rectangle&#39;s radius in Photoshop?
Learning to draw: start in the pen and paper realm or the digital space?
How to hire a graphic designer?
Copy &amp; Pasting from Photoshop to Illustrator loses transparency
What to do if your website design got stolen?
How can I export an image from Illustrator image at multiple sizes?
How to convert every pixel of raster picture to square objects in Illustrator?
What&#39;s the term used when the first word of one page is repeated at the end of the previous page?
How can I color a pattern in Inkscape?
Bill a client for a design error?
Where can I go to recieve feedback on web design projects?
How to re-create this iOS7 blur effect
How to attribute, give credit to creative commons/copyleft/public domain content for web/print?
Should I ask for client&#39;s budget before the initial first meeting?
How to deal with vague comments about a design from my clients and boss?
How do I handle an increasing lack of faith in my design abilities?
How come my text looks like it is not dead centered?
What methods can I use to create balance and consistency between a group of differing logos?
Are Macs preferable to PCs for handling graphics software?
Must one have a knowledge of fine art to be a Graphic Designer? Should all Graphic Designers know how to draw?
Is there a faster way to save all layers in PSD to PNG?
How can I have prints with white ink?
Facebook: Ways to preserve image quality of uploaded images? 
Why do newspapers use multiple columns?
Why is black not a natural color?
Is a graphical/original resume a good idea for a designer?
How can I force a guide to snap pixels whilst being dragged?
Is there a DIN font free alternative?
How to create an adjustment layer that blurs all layers below?
How do I get this uneven airbrush effect similar to old art deco posters?
Baseline Grid vs. Readability
Is there an autosave feature in Adobe Illustrator?
Is it possible to have global color swatches or color styles in Photoshop?
Is ampersand allowed at the beginning of line?
What are Google Webfonts or Typekit alternatives to Avenir Next Pro?
What does a &quot;normal&quot; British pound sign look like?
What kind of character/personality is expressed by fonts that mix capitals and lowercase letters?
Removing graininess from a handwritten signature
To which extent is the designer responsible of a responsive design?
What are Color Profiles?
Why do we still use points as a measurement of type size?
What is kerning and what is the point of it?
Visually similar alternatives to Helvetica?
Is Design School a Requirement for Graphic Design?
How to make an adjustment layer to affect only one layer or one group of layers in Photoshop?
Create a Triangle with Rounded Corners
What&#39;s the difference between saving a vector as .AI and saving as .EPS
Why does my transparent PNG not look good?
What is the difference between DPI (dots per inch) and PPI (pixels per inch)?
How to get Layer size (Width and Height)?
Examples of good academic poster design
What is the difference between a font and a typeface?
Which is easier on the eyes: dark-on-light or light-on-dark?
What are the benefits of making gesture drawings?
How do I know if my downloaded font is legal
Font overload in academic documents
How to achieve this 3D &quot;Card&quot; effect
Is it necessary to attribute Creative Commons licensed art?
Is being a graphic designer a stressful job?
When/how to stop brainstorming new ideas and move on when there is no clear frontrunner?
How would you rate this logo-concept for a fiber optic Internet company and how can I improve it?
How to make plot marker sizes for scientific plots seem consistent?
What are best practices for determining responsive design breakpoints?
What programs can be used to make animations?
Can Photoshop Be Used for Vector Purposes?
Version Control for Design files
Web-based workflow solutions for graphic designers (hosted and self-run)?
How do I speed up my design work?
What is Minimalism in Graphic Design?
Font (anti)aliasing in Photoshop
Transparency to unpremultiplied RGB + Alpha
What is a good font for a CV?
Clients always think they are a better designer than I am.
Make image partially transparent in gimp
Scale drawings in Illustrator, maintain proportions of line weights and effects
Photoshop CS5: Setting a black background to transparent
What characters are good to start with when designing a typeface?
Learning Photoshop just for web designing
Where does inspiration end, where does illegitimate copying start?
How can I effectively manage all my design assets?
How can I get the closest color word for a hex color?
How can I lock down Microsoft Word to protect our branding?
Why are fonts from the 19th century not in the public domain?
What effect do gradient fills have on the eye?
How can I achieve a sharp pixel perfect stroke effect in Photoshop?
Charging an Intellectual Property transfer fee for design work
What&#39;s the practical difference between a &#39;glyph&#39; and a &#39;character&#39;?
How to make a logo where a letter is made of particles of varying sizes?
Repeat client is suddenly demanding intellectual property rights!
Drawing block diagram?
Exporting an object as svg from inkscape
How was brand consistency maintained before computers?
How do you manage samples of physical design projects?
What should be considered when using very thin lines on a print piece?
How to explain to a client that their logo is incredibly poor
Should I ask for payment for my logo and website design when I delivered them late?
Should I mention rush fees in my quote?
How to turn the grey background white in a phone camera picture of a book?
Why does this PNG image on twitter look different when clicked?
How to convert RGB colors into real paint colors?
How can I legally design something which looks like US currency notes?
How do I convert a .png blurred background into a compressed .jpg one without introducing artefacts?
In what cases should I pay attention to my design&#39;s colour scheme when presenting it? When I do, what is a good way to do so?
Creating CSS sprites from Photoshop
What are general practices in handing over usage rights to the client?
How can I start to learn web development?
Developer to Designer path: How To
How to set the rotation point and use Transform Each in Illustrator?
Is there a way to mirror paths as you draw them in Photoshop? (For drawing symmetric shapes.)
What&#39;s the point of converting RGB images to CMYK TIF/TIFF before placing them in InDesign?
How can I stop or disable anti-aliasing / feathering in Photoshop?
How to create a batch job, numbering images (writing text on them) from 1 to 100 in Photoshop?
What CMYK values should I use for rich black, and how should I handle tints/shades?
Best workflow for icon design: Start big, or start small?
How can a design be balanced and yet have a focal point?
Scaling a text box in Illustrator CS6 (without scaling text)
What considerations are there in designing pixel fonts?
How to make a color appear the same on different backgrounds?
How to distribute an equal amount of space between each object in Photoshop?
What is this circle technique called?
I need to print an image a certain size. What dimensions and resolutions should I use?
How could I adjust a design color scheme to account for paper color?
How to reinforce intuitive design decisions?
How can I showcase a working example of my past web development work, without linking to the constantly changing live site?
What tools would Monks use when DESIGNING a large illuminated letter or pattern?
How much alteration to a font constitutes a new variation?
How does one generate a palette similar to the ones in Google&#39;s material design?
Why is Garamond italic all wonky?
Is it possible to &quot;invert&quot; an SVG file? Not the colours, but the actual areas/paths?
What font size should be used for a children&#39;s book?
How to draw attention to a specific area of a design?
What free/open source image design programs can you recommend?
What&#39;s the difference between a logo and branding?
Is it possible to tell from a printed sample what software/layout algorithm was used?
Making a business card. Any advice?
What are the major design trends in graphic design history
Do discretionary ligatures hold any other purpose than visual?
How to visualize data? Which software should I use?
Is there a &quot;Fit to Canvas&quot; option in Photoshop like there is in Fireworks?
Should I (a web designer) stick with gimp, or buy Photoshop?
What&#39;s a good (and easy) way to show that a screenshot is a screenshot?
How to manually identify a font when the automatic services fail?
Is there a way to tell InDesign not to break words in a Paragraph? (hyphenation)
Convert text to paragraph text in Illustrator
How do I apply anti-aliasing to the edges of a layer?
How to draw isometric vectors?
How can I edit an .SVG file?
Best way to send layouts with editable text to writers/editors who don&#39;t have design software
Flip type when its on a path, AI CS5
What is the style of font called that is typically used in newspaper mastheads?
How do I deal with line spacing when a single descender is getting in the way?
Why do GIF images automatically lock the base layer in Adobe Photoshop?
Delete one shape from another in Illustrator (CS4)
How do I paste into a layer&#39;s mask in Photoshop?
What’s the difference between an art director and a creative director?
What analog tools should every designer have today?
How should ascenders and descenders that share the same space be handled?
How can I write requirements for a graphic designer?
How to create a non-destructive and reusable blurred/frosted glass effect?
How should you web design with foreign typography
Lorem ipsum equivalent for Spanish, Polish and other languages?
How to convert old scanned documents into black and white
Is there a standard font format that is considered best practice when creating an open source/free font?
How do people make these animations?
When should I use SVG or SVGZ for my web graphics?
How can I mask out airplane propellers properly?
What are some techniques to drawing abstract art
Difference between None, Linear, Cubic and Sinc(Lanczos3) interpolation in image scaling?
Kerning Feedback
GIMP &quot;color to alpha&quot; is not selectable
Critique: Does this logo portray a web-based control for a media player?
How to balance dignity with a calculated risk of offensiveness / tastelessness?
How to change the color of the artboard in Adobe Illustrator?
What is the best way to indicate that you can scroll in an area when the area doesn&#39;t have a scrollbar?
Is online freelancing a viable source of income?
How to colorize an image as in the example?
Light text on a dark background vs. dark text on a light background: which allows the reader to keep focusing for longer?
How is this product box with windows / hologram effect created?
Critique: Any advice on the design of my systems engineering r&#233;sum&#233;?
How should artwork be setup for T-shirt printing?
When designing, what techniques can be used for determining if the right amount of &quot;fluff&quot; has been added?
What are good places to start learning web typography and layout?
What are some of the highly skilled, niche areas in the graphic design industry?
How should I position the letters in a square logo to read “H S S C”?
How to change the color of an uneven surface to white in Photoshop?
What is the difference between Glyph and Font?
How to turn a shiny metallic surface into a matte surface?
Many successful web startups have blue branding: is this a reflection of something?
Why are fonts more expensive when used in games?
Do high-content areas of a website need to be white/light-colored?
What image tablet can you recommend on a budget?
What is the Slicing Option in Illustrator and Photoshop Used For?
What are the dimensions of a business card?
How to draw &quot;rays&quot; in Photoshop?
Can I use portions of stock images for derivative works?
Is there a way in Adobe Creative Suite to &quot;share palettes/swatches&quot; across programs?
Is it ethical to copy the work of other designers?
How can I open a Corel Draw file in Adobe Creative Suite?
Will scaling down incrementally hurt quality?
Are logo design contests considered &quot;spec&quot; work and what are the pros and cons of participating as a designer?
How to design sleek magnifying glass effects like these?
What&#39;s the pixel dimensions of a presentation slide for Open Office / Libre Office Impress?
How to print photographic postcard/business cards
With the invention of CSS3, should a web designer use Photoshop?
Image search engine, but for logos / How do you spot plagiarized logos?
Fonts for technical reports
SVG for print graphics
Illustrator now refuses to draw lines with stroke weight below 1 pt
How to align objects side by side with a specified distance between them in Illustrator?
What does the interlaced option in Photoshop do?
How to cut a large photo into a grid of smaller photos automatically in Photoshop?
Perspective manipulation
How to construct &quot;lowercase digits&quot; (i.e. text figures)?
Gimp - Using an image as the transparency layer of another image
Turn image into geometric array of colours
How to vertically center text in a box in Illustrator CS5
Resize text bounding box in Photoshop
How to subtract text from a shape in Adobe Illustrator?
Should underline clash with text descenders?
Principles of Typography for different languages
Issues with creating a hi-res Large Icon for Android notifications in Jelly Bean
What is the relationship between hue, saturation and value?
What is the name of this heart-like decorative symbol?
Justification and hyphenation without proper time and tools?
How to prepare a design for CMYK printing?
Is it ok to mix fonts in Japanese documents?
How can I represent a country with a font?
Is there a command-line program that can output ascii art as an image?
Styling clean flat-design buttons so they show affordance, and look &#39;well designed&#39;
Apply MasterPage to even pages in QuarkXpress
How much process can I / should I show in my portfolio?
Logo Families/ecosystems
How do I work with a logo that has what seems like too many colors?
Which software is used by scientific journals to generate plots?
How to remove every second frame from an animated gif?
What is the best way to roll out new branding?
Motivations for a designer to get involved in an open source project
Make a desaturated image transparent keeping only shadows &amp; highlights
What is the best way to make arrows in circular shape?
What&#39;s the name for typography that looks like the meaning of its content?
When/why is an &quot;o&quot; superscripted and underlined?
How to give back as a designer?
Online Tool to Find Closest Google Font
What do users remember the most, position or color of elements?
How do I figure out the right size font / text for a given read distance?
How many variables can I represent graphically before losing clarity?
How do I divide a circle into equal parts like a pie chart with Adobe Illustrator?
How do I achieve the equivalent of using small caps in Arabic?
How reliable are the colour blindness previews in Illustrator and Photoshop?
Text not very readable on different image backgrounds
Crop a big picture into several small size pictures
What is the general process for planning and developing a new website?
Why do I need to adjust kerning? Shouldn&#39;t the foundry already have done that?
How can I explain to my client that more than two fonts in a logo is a bad idea?
How should I handle a client when they ask for my opinion about another designer&#39;s work?
What is the graphic design term for this element on a layout?
How can I represent &quot;fast&quot; or &quot;Fastest&quot; in a logo? Any successful examples?
What should a designer consider when laying out print materials for elderly audiences?
How do Pantone coated and uncoated colors relate?
Displaying Black on a Black Background
What is this style, a grid of varying dots, called?
Designing book covers with stock images
How would I recreate this effect of text that seems to flow over a flight of stairs?
Can somebody identify this pixel font? Reminds me of Space Invaders, but can&#39;t find it
Printing a consistent grey: is that still a challenge with comic books?
What are the best practices for dealing with desired line breaks in responsive web design?
What is this design pattern called? &quot;Continuation wave.&quot;
When and why do I use &quot;s&quot;-shaped quotation marks?
Is it safe to use an image when I&#39;m unable to identify its source?
How do I handle large paragraphs of centered text?
Is there any typographic mark for chapter?
How to get images&#39; filesizes as low as possible?
What formats supporting animation are suitable for the web?
What is 5-colour printing?
Logo design and text placement
Is there any way to remove a digital watermark from my image?
How to import a picture file to an existing psd in Photoshop CS5?
Good color palette, usable for the color blind.
What&#39;s a good source of color palettes to provide to a color-blind user?
Convert a line drawing from raster to vector
How can I map the colors in a greyscale image to a specific color &quot;gradient&quot;?
Tool to create animated SVGs?
Photoshop curved Shadow 
Is there a way to sort fonts inside Photoshop, as &quot;serif,&quot; &quot;sans-serif,&quot; &quot;script,&quot; etc.?
How to draw a precise circular arc in Adobe Illustrator?
Text in my Photoshop image looks &quot;blurry&quot;
Effective way to cut out clouds in photoshop
How to calculate other colors with the same perceived lightness as a given gray value?
What are the responsibilities of a web designer
Smallest font size for small print?
Do a lot of freelance designers buy fonts?
Can you re-number the order of artboards in Illustrator CS4?
How does one turn a white background transparent in Photoshop but keep transparency?
How can I identify what font was used in a Photoshop layer when the font is not installed on my computer?
How do game designers create graphics for their games?
Photoshop selection feather and cut/paste behavior (pixel loss)
How do I preserve legibility when overlaying text on images?
Recommend a good font management software for Windows 7
How do I select a high-contrast color set for a map?
How to find existing names or associations a symbol has?
How to link images relatively in Inkscape?
What are some common mistakes that a designer can make when designing for web, and how can they be avoided?
Distribute objects along a path in Illustrator
Mockups: Coding vs Drawing?
What should be in a job contract?
What resolutions are standard for digital device wallpaper designs?
Where can I get images for commercial use?
Techniques to dramatically scale an image
Tools for making infographics
What does &quot;LS4&quot; or &quot;LS16&quot; mean when searching for Adobe software like Fireworks or CS Master Collection?
Establishing the real copyright owner of a font
Is a Photoshop EPS file a vector format?
Can I freely use the fire exit symbol and similar ISO symbols?
How can I create a circular zig-zag pattern?
Advantages of using two monitors in graphic design
What is a spot/Pantone colour?
What materials should a web designer using Photoshop send to a developer?
What&#39;s a good replacement font for ITC Avant Garde Std?
Can the end of double spacing after periods be dated?
How do I select an object that&#39;s below another object in Inkscape?
How can I fix jerky text panning in Photoshop CS6 video?
What are the best practices and techniques to fix rags?
Photoshop CS6 Resize Rectangle with Rounded Corners
How can I cut out a section of a circle using Inkscape?
Recommended column width for text reading, digital vs printed
Making a typeface – should I check if it resembles any non-free or copyrighted typefaces?
Endnotes in InDesign: Closest thing to a pain-free, flexible workflow?
How to create an outlined drawing of a map or easily turn a Google Maps screenshot into one?
What are good pre-internet books or courses for the creation of a logotype?
Is there a guide out there for printing and selling T-shirts?
Charts that communicate completeness / 100%
Where can I find visual examples of the thought process behind different logo designs?
Can I be a designer if I have Parkinson&#39;s Disease or mobility impairments?
What do you call the first paragraph in a layout where its bigger and made to stand out?
Typesetting acceptance of spacing slashes?
What techniques are there to create a geometric diamond pattern in Photoshop?
small lines when printing to PDF from Illustrator
What printing techniques or folding tools can I use to hand fold a commercially printed design without it cracking?
How to represent &#39;random&#39; with an icon
What is the name for making words equal in length?
What ICC profiles does Adobe Illustrator use to convert between RGB and CMYK in its color picker?
Can I use an icon in the public domain as a company logo?
How can I create this irregularly-shaped border with pure CSS (no images)?
Overprint on metal containers or plastic tubes
Why do graphic designers / illustrators start with a large painted area?
What font family is this Art Nouveau / Jugendstil letter &quot;A&quot; from?
How to make this hand-colored drawing even more fancier?
3D - How to make this photo wall effect in Photoshop?
How could I show hands that are race neutral?
Figure drawing - transitioning between &quot;draw from reference&quot; and &quot;draw from imagination&quot;?
Can I revise a poor logo without infringing on copyright? (Canada)
How to achieve a repeating circular shape like the &#39;Sam Rockwell - Moon&#39; poster in Illustrator?
How do I achieve this &quot;Out of Sync&quot;/mis-registration fill style in Adobe Illustrator?
Difference between font face, typeface, font in the context of typography?
What is the purpose of always locating/starting new chapters on odd pages?
In a 85.6mm x 54mm business card, what is an ideal font size?
Is it acceptable to ask a designer for an editable file so I can make variations myself?
Critique: Tritium website design
How can I create simple spheres using CSS?
How do you handle client&#39;s browser zoom ?
What&#39;s the best way to animate an illustration for the web?
How would you represent distance graphically?
Is there a Non-Latin &quot;Pseudo-Latin&quot; Font?
How do you present typeface options to your team during a rebranding
How to convince a client to have their logo redesigned?
What generic icon could be used to symbolize a brand (McDonalds, Apple, etc..)?
How do I convert a red color scheme to a green one without making it look &quot;brighter&quot;
(Font identification) Univers-like sans-serif
What is an &quot;alpha value of black&quot;?
How can I improve my drawing tablet skills?
Range of icon sizes and formats on various operating systems
What benefit does proper balance add to a design?
Why is this gradient considered metallic chrome?
Is &quot;in the style of&quot; an IP infringement?
How important is the visual flow of an interface?
Do you use colour lasers for proof printing?
Are there examples of software that use a dark colour scheme?
where to get web-design critiques and suggestions?
Is there a trend away from left aligned web site designs?
Good color to go with black &amp; white design?
Using stock images for logos
Is there a way to copy text style in Photoshop?
Why does anti-aliasing in black characters use colors other than gray-scale ?
How do I edit multiple layers at once?
Writing text with character variations
How Do You Find The Dimensions of A Document in Illustrator?
What&#39;s the best way to make attractive charts?
Choosing colors that work well on projectors
How can non-designers learn to approve a print layout?
How do I turn off anti-aliasing while drawing shapes in Photoshop?
How can I calculate the center of mass/gravity for vector objects?
How to create an EAN-13 barcode with a font?
How can I best provide feedback to my designer
Sources of inspiration for the graphical design of a business intelligence web application
How much software experience do I need to be a well-rounded graphic designer?
What&#39;s with all the Lorems and the Ipsums?
Photoshop Color Settings for web design
GIMP - change color of object preserving feathering
Is there any service where you can check your designed logo against trademarked logos?
What&#39;s up with the one-page website design fad?
Help me find a font that looks something like this...
What are the consequences of using unlicensed fonts?
Is there a typographical term for vertically-stacked characters?
How can I prevent Photoshop from applying anti-aliasing to a layer when it&#39;s resized?
What kind of Interview Questions should one expect at their first design job interview?
The selection and use of typefaces for the non-designer
How to create a &quot;zig zagged, jagged&quot; effect with Photoshop?
What is a good free font management tool for linux?
What color profile should I use when designing for iPhone?
Photoshop - Is there a keyboard shortcut for creating a new frame?
How do I create a billboard that is larger than Indesign CS5&#39;s maximum document size?
How to select colours that match each other?
Noteworthy: Web Font and Its (Possible) Alternatives
If I make a design in RGB mode and then change it to CMYK how will it look when it&#39;s printed?
Which software renders a planar projection of a 3D object as a vector graphic?
How can I combine multiple PDF files into one?
Checking through different fonts quickly
How can you export an Inkscape SVG file to a PDF and maintain the integrity of the image?
What software is best for GUI design?
Why does Helvetica [Neue] look absolutely horrible in Illustrator?
Show Preview of .psd files in Windows 7&#39;s Explorer
How to handle a client who only wants to purchase stock images from my design mockup, instead of my design?
What are some good ways to gain practical experience to add to my portfolio?
Looking for a font similar to Georgia, but without the numbers dipping as they do
What browser width should I use to design a website?
What is a &quot;sprite&quot;?
Different Logo Colors for Different Uses, Appropriate?
In GIMP, how to colorize using a reference color?
How to automate exporting multiple PNGs with different sizes from Photoshop?
Reduce file size without losing quality
What should I do regarding color profile when designing for the web?
Should I assign copyright of business card design?
How to package all faces of a font into one family file (Mac)
Footnote typographic conventions
Photoshop - retrieve graphic from off screen / outside canvas
Kerning on the fly
How to add background color to text in Photoshop
The role of the designer in content – should he have one and how big should it be?
Set the colour of arrows in inkscape
How to make Objects follow a path (illustrator) (like on the las vegas sign)
Ascender and descender heights: all equal?
Name for style of text logo where two colours overlap imperfectly?
How to draw a smooth line (small in some places, large in others) like in this image
What are some good tips on how to extrude text in Adobe Illustrator?
Seeking advice to improve the design of my minimalist calculator
What are the more respected sans serif fonts that come standard on most computers?
Auto crop layer in Photoshop
Is having a skills bar chart on a resume a good idea?
How can I remove white pixels around circles when exporting this to gif?
How to resize a palette that&#39;s dropping off the screen?
Literal versus indirect imagery
How do I deal with color spill in chroma key using GIMP?
Is possible to share a text variable across documents of a book in InDesign CS6?
Readability and appeal of justified text
How to capture likeness in a portrait?
How typographers make bolder/lighter versions of their fonts?
What are some good resources for learning calligraphy?
How to calculate the best type colour for a random background colour?
Does ideal measure change with language?
How to change the perspective of an image in Photoshop?
What design and art concepts were art students/professionals discussing in the 70s?
How can I create realistic business card mockups?
Are graphic designers for web supposed to know JavaScript?
What&#39;s the difference between Monitor RGB and sRGB?
Inkscape export format
Is there anything that can read, import or convert CMYK SVG?
What is HSB really?
How to present web design mockups to a client?
How can I remove the unwanted background from a scanned handwritten signature?
How do you save an Animated GIF file using Photoshop?
How can I easily apply an embossed texture to a surface in a 3D model?
Do the illustrations I do for a company belong to me, or to the company?
Can you draw a constrained straight line with GIMP&#39;s paths tool?
What&#39;s the name of the random geometric avatars some blogs use?
Text silhouette; change color in middle of a letter illustrator
How to transform a pixel image in vector logo in Inkscape?
What are some typefaces to pair with Bauhaus?
How to export Illustrator layers as individual images?
AIGA - Worth it for web designers?
How to create charts and tables with Inkscape?
What is the average pixel size for human writing?
Flat Rate vs. Hourly: Fast work = lower pay?
How do I get my vector logos to look super sharp on the web?
Is there a name to define a 3D scene design from a fixed angle?
How to optimize duplicated frames in an animated GIF using Photoshop?
Is it possible to create 3D red/cyan anaglyphs in a hand drawing?
Does hue/sat/lum offer a smaller range of colors than RGB?
How do I know when I&#39;m ready to start doing professional work?
Plagiarism vs Inspiration
How to create these rotated clones?
What are good general typeface principles based on target audience age?
Billing software for freelancers
Origin of numerical font weight descriptions in typography
In GIMP, how do I use an image as a color reference to colorize a black-and-white photo?
How should a designer communicate price is negotiable to a client?
iPad in Graphic Design: actual usage
What do different bracket/braces/parens in logos mean?
Why do yellow and red look good together in this photo?
Have there been any attempts to improve the design of spreadsheets?
What are the key principles that effective designs share?
Connecting A and T in a custom typographic mark
how to rasterize an SVG without anti-aliasing
Creating a color scheme that looks good on screen and when photocopied in black and white
Are there any sites which provide feedback for logo designs?
How to use Fibonacci numbers / Golden Ratio in logo design in Illustrator or Sketch?
Scaling a symbol in Sketch scales all instances of that symbol
How can I work with a client that doesn&#39;t know what they want?
When is Photoshop an inappropriate tool?
How can I create hand-drawn style graphics for my website?
Do SVGs have any inherent px size?
How do I ensure a colour is flat (and not dithered) when exporting it from Flash?
What things should I consider when using my own custom fonts on a client&#39;s project?
What advantages/disadvantages do specific font formats have for print production?
What is a &quot;cromalin&quot;?
Handling non-standard fonts in corporate identity
What is six-color (6C) process printing?
Am I supposed to draw cartoon faces in orthographic or perspective projection?
Essential Steps for Long Document Project in InDesign
Should graphic artists be scared at all about anyone stealing their artworks?
Contrast ratio between foreground and background
Design OpenCourseWare course recommendation
Save for Web using Photoshop Actions
What are some common open (royalty-free) image formats?
What is page bleed and how can I avoid issues with it ?
Scrap-work Methods
How do I get started with Adobe Illustrator?
Calibrating a screen on a budget?
Exporting a Pattern to Image in Photoshop
How to keep printed documents accurate color reproduction
How Should One Modulate White Space?
Can I create a PNG from InDesign?
Designing A Website from Scratch – Illustrator or Photoshop?
data visualization over time
Restart indesign ruler at every page
Good Methods To Substitute A Design Education?
JPEG vs EPS in a workflow
How to completely remove the background from an image?
How do I easily convert a fuzzy pixel art image back into pixels?
How was the art made in this game?
How to keep Photoshop history snapshots?
Rotatable guide in Photoshop?
How do you cut out the centre of an image, bringing the edges closer together?
How to change the colour of the transparency grid in Photoshop?
Where to ask for free work?
How do I depict a ramp from a top down 2D perspective?
What&#39;s this style called, with blocky text and strong circle shapes?
How do get what you want to say into such a few words?
How can I ensure that users will think a button is clickable?
What can I do with AFM - Adobe font metrics file?
Scaling rounded corners in Illustrator
How to make an animated gif with a transparent background without overlap?
What are the best widely-distibuted typefaces when I don&#39;t have access to commercial alternatives?
The most advanced JPEG image compression on mac?
What size should I make my gatefold brochure?
Branding a company that has no public identity
Is it a bad idea to change a single - major - element in isolation?
Does the &#39;Other Dynamics&#39; brush option exist in Photoshop CS5?
How to troubleshoot a design that doesn&#39;t &quot;feel&quot; right?
Illustrator how to crop and save images
if you accidently make a document in working CMYK how can you change it to RGB?
Why are colors shifting when converting from CMYK to RGB in Photoshop?
How to get this blur texture effect in photoshop?
How do I create realistic looking gold in Photoshop?
How to resize icon sets in Photoshop?
Is vectorizing an image copyright theft if the image is not CC/Public domain?
Which angles look good
Photoshop vs. Illustrator for Icon Development
Why can&#39;t Photoshop properly open this PNG?
Using stock images for mock-ups
Using Photoshop - how do I make text &quot;wrap&quot; (break) around an image like in the images linked in this post?
How does a monitor display the CMYK color? Is it actually showing the true CMYK color?
How do I avoid lines at top and left borders of png files exported from Illustrator
In Inkscape, resize both the document and its content at the same time
Make Angled Guides in Illustrator CS5
Except China, which country will use red for up, and green for down?
Finding the &quot;base&quot; color of a gradient . . .?
Draw a rectangle of a specific size
What book should I buy for a 12 year old that wants to learn graphic design?
How do I reduce noise in an image?
Using a Smart Object as a mask for another layer?
How can I make my Photoshop text appear like it does on the web?
How do I use Save For Web in a Photoshop Automate Batch Action?
Why do people keep telling me my site looks awful?
On which sites can I sell fonts I&#39;ve created?
Which cut of Gill Sans is it that is included on a Mac?
How can I create perfect &quot;radio waves&quot; (concentric arcs of a circle)?
Are dotted pictures a new trend in Web Design?
Saving Illustrator as PDF without the hidden layers
Why was my experience with a logo contest so miserable?
Why is my PDF so huge?
How does random choice of alternate characters work in OpenType fonts?
How wide should the word space after nobiliary particles be? (von, de la, …)
Font design and typographic choices for dyslexic readers?
How to keep only the visible parts of the every object/path of a SVG image? Like &quot;flatten&quot; all the SVG
Frosted glass effect/texture/filter/pattern in Adobe Fireworks?
Grid is not zeroed in Illustrator
Can I take images from Google image search as a base for my creations?
Do you have a &quot;formula&quot; for the webfont vs graphic type threshold?
Is it acceptable to make a Windows Phone 8 app that looks like an iOS app?
Share colors between CS5 programs (Fireworks, Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign, ..)
Photoshop CS6 - Can&#39;t find Show -&gt; Pixel Grid
Is there a metric for &quot;apparent&quot; chroma?
Symbols &quot;degrees&quot; and &quot;degrees centigrade&quot;: proper spacing
Grid-based design in Illustrator -- need help setting up a grid!
How do I create a look &amp; feel?
How do I rotate and duplicate a line in Illustrator
What colors are good to avoid eye fatigue in dark environments?
Examples of well designed software architecture diagrams
Batch replacing color with transparency
Is there a resource that documents all mobile device screen resolutions in one location?
How do you avoid bands of prominent color in gradients?
Pressure-sensitive freehand drawing of vector paths that are editable with the Illustrator Width tool?
Adobe Illustrator: Variable font size along a path
Designing for Coffee Mugs
Indesign auto column width size for table based on the data containing?
How to find open source alternatives to commercial fonts?
How to design a site without pictures
A clean way to remove gradient mesh in Illustrator?
How do I select multiple paths in inkscape?
How can I automate the process of cutting intricate shapes out of paper?
Is it legal to use copyrighted fonts without a license for non-profit projects?
Is there a term for &#39;reference-marker symbols&#39;?
How do I type Arabic text in Photoshop?
Is there a visual web editor based on bootstrap?
Which is a better design pricing model?
What are some tips for getting hired without a formal education?
Sponge (reticulation, pores) texture in Inkscape
reasoning behind black and white color scheme of perfume sites
Embedding an image in an image so that it becomes invisible when resized
Cleaning up line art with choppy edges
spot color print - how to indicate white
Is there a graphic design specification system?
How to address a flaw in a client project
How to write text from right-to-left in Central Asian Languages group fonts
Photoshop CS6 - Animate / Keyframe Smart Filter
Photoshop CS6 -&gt; Export Layers To Files Subfolders
Why does Adobe Illustrator have a limit on the maximum zoom?
Is designing/drawing characters and backgrounds for video games a part of graphic design?
Triangular Pixelation Technique in Photoshop
Best workflow for editing massive posters/banners for print in Photoshop?
How can I display sound distortion through images?
What font is typically used for receipts?
Printing over watercolor
Double space acceptable after period before abbreviated title?
Are there any films about graphic design?
Recommended workflow for creating complex curves for circular patterns
How to snap to every half-pixel (0,5) in illustrator?
Do any resources exist for designers to help improve their communication skills to clients
How to find the centre of the area between two objects in Illustrator
Is it possible to create a kind of horizontal &quot;invert mask&quot; in CSS?
From Freehand to Illustrator CS6
Help with Font Pairing &#39;Kursivschrift&#39;
Adobe Creative Suite alternative
Licensing Cover-Art For Book
Ltd. in a logo design
How to construct a cube in 3-point perspective
Scale and proportion with typography
Fonts with wide international support
What is the name for the long dashes that sometimes replace the inner letters of a name?
How can I change the color of this object properly?
What is this design style called in which lots of simple polygons make up an image?
Resources for metrics about brands
How do I fix this photo (poor quality, saturation, color) in GIMP?
What is a good systematic approach to increasing the rates I charge?
How to randomly distribute a group of icons / graphics in a canvas?
What are reasonable market expectations for entry-level graphic designers vs. entry-level web designers?
A good monospace, condensed and open-source typeface?
Proper typesetting guide
Logos with avatars (mascots) vs anything else
What skills, techniques or methods can I use to help teach my child typography?
Name of illusion phenomenon of bordering colors
Exponential/logarithmic scaling in Illustrator?
Critique: Icon app redesign
Any automated system to compute the linear length of a letter(s) in a word or phrase?
Can Email Be Responsive?
Is there a &#39;correct&#39; way to convert an image to grayscale in Photoshop?
What does BE and BQ stand for (or mean) on a font name?
How to distinguish menu items that link to other sites
Is it possible to link shapes to a master shape, so that modifications to the master like repositioning, affect all linked shapes?
How to create an artistically posterized monotone portrait?
Preventing reverse search engines from finding the origin of your image?
&quot;Flip&quot; italics/oblique with character style
What to do with small cap initialisms at the start of a sentence?
How do I recreate this radial noise effect?
Way to make graphics on a convex car window appear straight?
How do you present interactive webdesign?
Which font is used in this Warranty Rewards logo?
Methods for designing identity systems beyond the logo
How can I create this warped circular text?
RGB Vs CMYK : Deciphering gradient transitions in different colour modes
Is there a name, term, or practice for off-centering things based on volume rather than center of total width?
What does it mean when you are asked to specify artwork scale?
Why are Apple products so common in mockups?
Calculating Fold Lines Based on Paper Thicknesses?
Align Bullets in a right aligned paragraph
When designing a latin-based typeface, how are diacritics handled?
What questions should be included in a design brief?
I want to be a graphic designer. How should I approach learning Photoshop?
Removal of scanning artifacts
What are some good resources for web page composition?
What is a good book/guide on Graphic Design for a complete beginner?
FOSS Font editing or creation tools for windows
How to choose the right color to get the wanted effect in web design?
Feeding external text in InDesign
How do I break apart text in Photoshop?
How does one design a children&#39;s book?
In Inkscape, how can I save colors for use in multiple elements?
How long of a name do you budget for in a template?
Well designed layout examples of a &quot;step-by-step tutorial&quot; publication
Guidelines for logos using multiple typefaces
Making an Effective Menu
How to solve the tragic fate illustrated in the article: How a web design goes straight to hell?
Printing Visualization - Spot UV
Building hand-written fonts for lettering
How to graphically represent customer flow in indoor environments?
Illustrator EPS File To PNG Web Logo - Print Quality
Is it possible to render readable screen type at a size of 3px?
Creating Line Based Shapes In Illustrator...
Best way to have mutual overlapping in Illustrator
Adobe Illustrator - Copy gradient of one object into another object
What are the traditional rules for drop shadow direction / light source?
Drawing directly with a tablet
Who owns the design?
Human Mascot vs Animal Mascot for a website illustration and identity?
How do i convert a color transparent PNG to white (not B&amp;W) transparent PNG?
What is the difference between Opacity and Fill on a photoshop layer?
Faking a page-fold with photoshop
Can an artist display their past work in a portfolio if they were paid to produce it?
What is the type of these coarse drawings?
Color harmonies math:triada, complement, analogous, monochromatic
Any ideas for &quot;Adults 50+&quot;
How can I resize this object without distorting it in Illustrator?
Is there any way to add a new page to my work in Illustrator ?
Completely different interpretation of Pantone to RGB values depending where I look.
What icon can I use to represent &#39;concept&#39;?
How to add a DOUBLE outline to a text or a shape in Adobe Illustrator ?
What are &quot;up-to-date&quot; or &quot;modern&quot; icons?
How can I use Photoshop to imitate a photo taken with a low-quality camera?
What type of creative commons licensing do I need for free templates?
How to put 4 pages next to each other in Indesign
Best practices around creating LARGE poster image 24X36
Suitable font for Japanese-language text in comic?
How to create a saturation map?
Illustrator 3D Extrude Pipe Elbow
What&#39;s the name for the &quot;artistic movement&quot; /technique of these graphics?
Creating a list of favourite fonts in Photoshop
Formula for finding out the result of a color after applying x% opacity to it?
Distorting a layer to fit shape
Difference between &#39;Normal&#39; and &#39;Interlaced&#39; saving a .gif...?
Is it acceptable to have the front of a handbill a different orientation than the back?
How to squeeze text into a shape
what is the largest glyph width in Arial?
Different font colours for accent marks in Unicode
Graphic Design Conferences
CMYK to PANTONE differences between Illustrator and Photoshop
Designing icons to represent abstract concepts- match test / suggestions
How do I establish international copyright to my works?
Gutters - Padding and Margin for Columns with Background or Border
Any Google Font that renders equally well both on Windows (IE) and Mac (Cr, FF, Saf)?
What makes a design professional?
Digital way of detecting and removing pencil traces?
How do I create symmetrical curves on vector shapes in Photoshop?
Does this poster convey a “Frenchy” look?
Using Adobe Illustrator without &quot;hand&quot; drawing skills
What is typographically right: 100€ or 100 €?
Vertical rhythm/baseline grid in Web Design
What is the name of a photographic effect where there are subtle shadows in corners?
&quot;Change this design to a quarter page, from a half&quot; - page layout reduction but keep content
Photoshop CS5, how to create a layer mask from a layer?
Illustrator: Quick way of removing redundant anchor points after unifying shapes?
1px Transparent Border around image after resize in photoshop
Avoid cropping &quot;transparent&quot; areas when using logo
Can you convert a neon RGB color to CMYK for printing?
Tools for *lossy* PNG compression?
In Photoshop, how can I open up a view (in the same window) with another zoom level?
Inner shadow issue in Illustrator CS5
How to buy a used version of Photoshop
Elliptical radial gradient overlay in Photoshop CS5
How can I remove background from an image of a transparent object?
How can you turn a clients ideas for how they want their brand to be into graphical elements?
What&#39;s wrong with Droid fonts?
How to describe/talk like a designer?
Overlay a graphic on a photo or image
Digital asset management software recommendations?
Nesting Photoshop Smart Objects without losing the &quot;link&quot; between them?
Exporting groups of layers from a PSD to a single PNG file using Photoshop
What should a (technical) writer know about graphic design?
What size canvas should logos be designed on?
Is it posible to collapse/expand all Groups in Photoshop Layers Panel?
Print outline preview in illustrator
How to see an embedded image&#39;s dpi (ppi) in a pdf in Acrobat Pro?
Name and possibly a tutorial for this inset rounded rectangle technique
InDesign Spread Pagination
Lower-cost alternative to Photoshop
What is &quot;standard markup&quot; for purchases which need to be passed on to the client?
PNG32 vs PNG24 vs PNG8
Text flow - when to say &quot;no&quot;?
If these colors all have the same lightness, then why does my brain tell me some are lighter than others?
Advice when hiring a freelancer for creating a company logo
What do you call one-color concept variations?
How to sample actual color of an area in illustrator?
In Illustrator CS5, why are my colors dull when I export to png?
How do I directly set layer positions in Gimp?
&quot;Fake&quot; 3d effect in Photoshop/Illustrator with raster images
Photoshop: Select item and crop it directly
How should I add a realistic shadow to this?
PS CS6, border appears when im in blending options. How to disable it?
What makes a font a &quot;gothic&quot; font?
What are the branches of Graphic Design
How can I fine-tune my tile pattern to make it seamless?
Using GIMP, can you &quot;erase&quot; a color?
What are some tips for a Graphic Designer&#39;s CV/Resume?
Make Arabic text show properly in Adobe Illustrator
How to change a certain color to specific other color within an image?
How to find font name in Fireworks when font not installed
Gradient Banding in Chrome
What is the fastest way to copy a colour in Photoshop as HEX?
How to ensure scalability of logo design?
Change Background Color of Text Box in Illustrator CS5
Tips for creating and editing paths in Illustrator
Multiple images spread out inside circle using Illustrator
How far back does the concept of a &quot;bold&quot; typeface variant go
Why does painting with 1% opacity not always do something?
What is the purpose of typesetting a Word document with InDesign?
Can I legally use the Office icons in a website?
Is there a way (possibly via a 3rd party plugin) to read/write PDF annotations/comments in Illustrator
What are great fonts for information-heavy data tables?
Check image compression used in PDF document?
Master page display on top in InDesign?
Reset/avoid distorted Illustrator graph text labels after scaling?
InDesign CS6: How should I structure pages of lists?
How can I make a font monospaced?
Looking for a japanese font to match Garamond
Moving both handles of a bezier curve simultaneously in Adobe Illustrator?
Should I charge extra for project files?
How to extract PNGs from Adobe Illustrator file
What are beginner’s books on typography?
Logo Pack - What should I include?
When should I use rich black?
Proper typesetting of right-to-left text in overall left-to-right context
Cheap Cintiq alternatives - tablet PCs with digitizers?
When did books start using underlines?
Tools to simulate different DPI screens?
Highlight stray non-background pixels
Freely available old-style serif fonts with multiple weights
How to paste PNGs keeping the original transparency
Tips for using poor colours well
Alternative to font &quot;x&quot; chart or service?
Recommendations on how to synchronize Photoshop actions, swatches, etc. across computers
Is there a single text color that is acceptable on both dark and light background?
How to convert text paths to editable text in an .eps file downloaded from Shutterstock?
Export vector design from Illustrator to photoshop and back
How to create a fabric pattern with wavy lines
Is there a way to add all colors used into the swatches panel?
What is the point of making a background layer go transparent and renaming it in Photoshop?
How can I simulate a reflective table surface in a photograph of an object?
Blackletter fonts supporting long s and r rotunda?
Designing interesting looking websites in greyscale, minimal tones
How do I create a solid line of uniform thickness inside of a letterform in Illustrator?
How do I turn a full color design, into a 1-color design?
How can I make a screenshot look like a photograph taken of a real surface?
Is there an icon set containing icons for different platforms/stores (e.g. App Store, Play, Windows 8 Store, etc.)
Is QuarkXpress still relevant?
Illustrator: How do I copy a gradient (including direction) from one object to another?
Illustrator CS6 Data Variables XML Parser Error
Waveform, polygonal?
How do I put all my Illustrator and Photoshop toolbars and windows in one single window?
Footnote/Endnote references before or after punctuation? (comma, full stop/period, semi-colon...)
Change viewbox attribute in svg exported by illustrator
How can I overcome the impulse to continuously critique (and possibly rework) my designs?
Remove background based on color in Inkscape
Sans-Serif fonts with long descenders
How can graphic design be more accessible for people with disabilities?
Designing printed items with a hairline border
visual typeface search tool
Fonts not combining correctly into a family (PC)
How can I edit the colors in an already-placed, custom gradient in Photoshop?
Text effect on any background color
How to comply with sharealike clause when using creative commons cc-by-sa licensed images in commercial work?
How to improve angle and proportion perception?
Font copyright when used in images (Helvetica)
What is a &quot;visual library&quot; and how to work on it?
What are some obscure/rare/endangered/extinct typographic symbols?
Typesetting tools other than LaTeX
Is there a good way to establish a Green-Yellow-Red colour scheme?
Is there a way to view the metadata of SVG or EMF files using open source tools?
How to simulate long exposure light trails?
Are there any benefits to using kerning pairs over kerning classes?
How can I show a database graphically?
How can I extend an existing font to include punctuation and numbers?
Never use white?
How to beautifully incorporate tables in texts/documents
Completing or offering a dying art form
How to add a color gradient to a picture
How to give a site a mockup look?
Is there a way to make Photoshop CS6 work with touchscreen monitors?
How can I achieve shadows only at the corners of a rectangle?
How to revive an old children&#39;s book?
How can I duplicate smart objects and make them separate in Photoshop CS6?
How to make a book with multiple title levels less confusing?
How to turn a path with straight lines into a curved path automatically in Illustrator?
How can I achieve a ribbed pipe/tube effect in Photoshop or Illustrator?
How can I take my graphic design to the next level?
Importing XML into InDesign and automatically adjusting content
How you can rework logo to fit favicon of browser - 16x16px?
How to Draw Perfect Curves in AI?
4 colors/corners gradient with Illustrator
Automatically apply different fonts based on text/symbol
Responsive web site mockup tools
How to replace a character in a font with another character
How to create a grain / noise effect in Adobe Illustrator
How to graphically represent time
InDesign script to verify spelling and grammar
Can I just save files as a PDF from Illustrator?
Create more than one artboard when document is already saved?
What design trend led to movie trailers displaying the title at the top of the screen?
What is the ideal number of font sizes to use for a website?
How to warp text to simulate paper curl effect, in Illustrator?
How can I use gradients to imitate depth for isometric mazes?
Adobe Automation: Dynamic Text in Template
How to prepare an image / graphic file to be printed or embroidered on clothing and garments?
What&#39;s the name of this staggered portfolio style?
GIF with transparency output not as expected in GIMP
What is the font used on the computer in &quot;The Mother of All Demos&quot;?
How to create grid in GIMP (not sure if the filter is good)
Hiding incomplete pages in an InDesign document
White and black design style
What are some techniques in designing around a colorful logo?
Resources for finding good web font schemes/combinations
Force PS to alias smart object
Move objects radially in illustrator
How should a designer handle the request to repurpose a design?
How do I fill a shape with many small icons in Photoshop?
How to get motivated when drained
Is it possible to open an .ai file in Photoshop?
How do you set the default text size in Gimp 2.8 for Mac OSX Mountain Lion?
Can logos be made just by using a font rather than creating a logo image?
In Inkscape, how can I easily select multiple objects that are obscured by other objects?
How to design web pages around a big logo?
How can I arrange words into a shape to make a &quot;word cloud&quot; design?
How to draw a stretched/pulled/conical spiral
Getting rid of Whitespace in Inkscape
How to extend/prolong and trim/cut a straight line or path in Inkscape
Icon to indicate a span of time
Why is it called branding &#39;collateral&#39;
Disable pixel grid magnetism (snap) in Photoshop CC
Trebuchet MS web font alternatives
How to fit svg drawings to their canvas on the command line?
Why does Illustrator CS6 &quot;Save for Microsoft Office&quot; use PNG format?
What kind of illustration and how I can achieve this &quot;effect&quot;?
Vectorizing a Skyline
How to determine what a font&#39;s personality is?
How to export font information for a specific PSD file for use in writing CSS
Designing for a 6in x 9in book
How to quickly and easily create a grid with Adobe Photoshop?
Is it possible to control layer order in an Illustrator stroke?
How can I convert a jpg-signature into strokes?
How can I easily add color to unclosed shapes?
Why are computers so bad at automatically kerning?
How to make a logo single-colored?
What can I use to preview Pantone tints?
CS2/CS3 → CS6 and/or Creative Cloud
How to get speckled shading in Photoshop?
How to remove scratches from shiny object
Can you read this logo as &quot;D&quot; in negative space?
How to center text vertically within a textbox in Photoshop
How are patterns that look like they&#39;re moving created?
How to represent silver, platinum and diamond?
Handwriting font that at random picks characters?
Which glyphs to design according to the needs of a particular market?
In Pathfinder window, what is the difference between a shape mode and a pathfinder?
Qualities of a full-page website background image
Universal Icon for Religion
What unique benefits does the EPS format provide?
Which of these font communicates &quot;luxury products&quot; better?
How can I reduce the aliasing that occurs around my custom icon web font when it is scaled?
Merging two anchor points of the same path in Illustrator
How do I map Illustrator artwork on a sphere?
Is the OCR-A sans-serif?
Studies about people&#39;s reactions to fonts and color schemes?
Suggestion on Introductory Books about Graphic Design
What is the name of hobby grade equipment to create photos where the background can be easily removed?
Commercial use of Helvetica Neue for web?
Highest quality website screenshot?
How to be creative in a short space of time
Convert image into mask
Is there a way to create gradations between two given weights of a particular font?
Using vectors/stock graphics in designs?
How can a designer decide whether a competitors design is similar enough to their own to take further action?
What are the common fonts used in music?
How do I reduce the luminance of this sky without it looking weird?
How do I make an incomplete circle stroke for a donut chart?
Can I have a Photoshop action pause itself to wait for user input?
How to proportionately rescale a 3D model by a specified amount in Maya?
Packaging Design, Where to start?
What sort of program is Google using to make these drawings?
How could I improve the shading on this chain link illustration?
How to visualise two-dimensional scientific data-points in a chart... in grayscale?
What can a designer do if a client claims that the work delivered is unacceptable and refuses to pay?
How to change the font style of all text layers in a single PSD file?
How to convert between Android DP and CSS px?
How to prove an image has been released under Creative Commons?
How to work with white artwork in Adobe Illustrator?
How do I find a range of colors (ex. different blues) that will contrast well with another range of colors (ex. reds, yellows etc)?
Is it possible to edit outlined text?
Using real products when creating fake mockups
Titles and Menu items in lowercase, uppercase, serif or sans serif?
Planning an 18 foot long banner
Drawing in Perspective: Fit sphere into cube
Effectively creating this effect in Illustrator?
Letter or A4: which is a more sensible default?
What are the relative advantages of flat design, material design and skeuomorphism?
&#39;This page is under construction&#39; message or no page at all?
In RGB, what is each step from 0 to 255 called?
What should I consider when incorporating cross-browser compatibility into my designs?
Logo critique for Hooch &amp; Co
List of RGB quaternary (and beyond) colors?
Is there a way to select multiple sprites from a sprite sheet in GIMP?
What is the difference between &quot;flat style&quot; and &quot;material design&quot;?
Is there a recognized name for the &#39;grippy&#39; part of an interface that indicates movability?
What can Illustrator do that Photoshop can&#39;t?
Contrast vs. balance in a logo
How to determine a typeface&#39;s origin and whether I have a license?
Better way to display three pieces of data on one graph for a website
How to quickly setup a gradient mesh for annulus-like shapes in AI?
Making a curved road texture in Photoshop?
How to make a lens with zoomed effect in Photoshop
Why are circles used to draw a logo?
How can I easily move multiple artboards in Illustrator?
How to determine a matching color code from a physical sample?
Critique: logo design for an engineering company that makes machinery
How to visualize combinations of data for a gene discovery application?
Is there a name for a Wikipedia-like &quot;W&quot;?
Do I need a commercial font license for small clients and derivative works?
Is it preposterous to have 2 different light sources in a design project?
How to evaluate the quality of a font before deciding whether to purchase it for commercial purposes?
How to trim by hand using crop marks?
How to explain &quot;achieving good Usability&quot;
What are strategies for implementing drawing tablet into workflow?
What 4c process blend best represents a yellow highlighter?
On which crowdsourced design site have you the best experience?
How can I fix the edges of foreground objects pasted onto a new background?
Info-graphics , Informative Graphics and Visualizations: Are they the same term ?
How can one create a design style?
Why are certain colors more prone to compression artifacts than others?
Where can I find tutorials for Inkscape?
How many colors should be used in a background gradient?
How can I achieve the &quot;bent paper&quot; effect in photoshop?
What are the rules for creating optimized image formats?
Clean, simple CSS styles for text and table-heavy sites
How to create Illustrations and Art from Sketches in Adobe Illustrator
Wordmark or brandmark logos - Which are more effective?
Creating a shiny black plastic effect
If you were to teach Photoshop, what would you suggest are the most important principles?
How can I set Photoshop default unit for free transfom?
Photoshop color weirdness after calibrating LCD
Is there an industry term for a ribbon wrapping the corner of a design element?
Good background and text colors for a website with both photos and text
What application can tile one PDF page multiple times on a sheet?
Alternative symbols to represent Valentine&#39;s Day?
Which hand-drawn/calligraphic style font is used in this restaurant logo?
Infographics smoothing and shadows : background or ressources ?
Popular serif and sans-serif browser compatible font combinations?
Fully Importing A Saved Colour Palette In Illustrator?
Minor CSS issue
Photoshop: How to save only the masked area of an edited photograph?
What is a portfolio, and what should it consist of?
Advice on re-quoting a client for a freelance project
Speed effect on electrons - 3D
How do I get rid of a background color (with a glow)
Any idea when blending modes might be implemented in browsers?
What should I use for filler/placeholder text?
How do I prevent shapes becoming vector masks in Photoshop?
What is a good sequence of projects to learn design?
How to create fake reflections?
Scanning line art for press
How to classify the style of Guild Wars 2?
How can I merge an image scanned in parts into one complete whole?
In gimp : how to save the different layers of a design in separate files/images?
Should one mix serif and sans-serif type fonts on the same Webpage, for plain text elements (not headlines)?
When I export an image from Illustrator, why is it a slightly different color in the exported image?
Good sites to find textures online?
Color Theme Repo Similar to Kuler
When to break out of a grid in webdesign?
Using CamelCase in a logo
Invert background to white in Photoshop
Is there something in Illustrator that resembles tabs/tab-stops in MS Word?
Good and Cheap alternatives to Photoshop for CMYK
Solutions for a comic production workflow?
Good monitors for graphic design / printwork ?
What are my options for gallery-quality prints of digital artwork?
Which graphic design application should I learn after Photoshop and Illustrator?
Illustrator image viewed at 100% is &quot;tiny&quot;
Can you recommend web design books/tutorials that teach specific design techniques?
Color differences between Mac and Windows, How to set color profile scheme on Windows to get same colors of Mac?
Is there a best way to convert an image from colour to black&amp;white?
Difference between &quot;Bamboo Pen &amp; Touch&quot; and &quot;Intuos4&quot;
What is an appropriate software for furniture design?
Photoshop CS5: Subtract/exclude a vector mask from an existing mask
What is an easy way to create a bulk of rounded rectangles in Illustrator?
Readability as a function of measure and leading
Photoshop Background layer
What are good commercial stock graphic sites for websites/applications?
Do I need full 300dpi resolution photos for designing a poster?
Is there a short authoritative reference of basic design rules and principles?
What is the best font for use in legal contracts?
How do I create a gif with a transparent background using Adobe Photoshop?
Why is my edited image smaller than my original image but yet retains the same resolution?
Is DreamWeaver more efficient rather than coding manually 
How to create SVG for good typography on the web without buying Illustrator?
Segoe UI font licensing
Haltone pattern within InDesign
Is there a standard &quot;magazine&quot; size for printing?
What should be taken into consideration when designing a logo?
logo on building
Create a sprite using a sequence of images photoshop
iOS, Android, etc., tablet devices in a design workflow?
Graphics program easy to learn for kids
Can GIMP open PSD files without any loss of information?
Is unsolicited design a form of spec work?
Replace black background with a transparent background
Is there something like smashing magazine.com for the Print Industry?
How do I make logos look good at small sizes?
What does &quot;letterfit&quot; mean?
Illustrator equivalent to Photoshop&#39;s skew tool
Is there a way to easily resize an image as a Ninepatch would resize in photoshop?
How to fit text box size to text?
To What Extent Should Overused Fonts Be Avoided?
how to import vectors from fireworks to illustrator
BRANDING: How can you create a &#39;brand&#39; for many different companies under one parent company?
Logo design - image beneath text - can it work?
What is the correct name of this typographic pattern?
Color loss during colorspace conversions
Why do logos appear on the left on the overwhelming majority of websites?
Technical Name for Removal of Image Background
Photoshop CS5 - how to &quot;normalize&quot; colors in an image to reduce the noise?
How to resize vector masks without changing the size-ratio of round corners of it?
Where can I find small and limited projects in order to make my first steps toward working professionally as a designer/developer
How can I change the default typeface in Indesign?
Making a solid color more realistic/natural
Extract individual layers from a PSD without much effort
Can&#39;t save PSD as JPEG
Do all monospace sans-serif fonts look the same?
Courier New-like font with Unicode support?
What are the web application design standards for for mobile phones?
Designing and prototyping for iPad
How to ensure shapes in Photoshop only use complete pixels
advise on &quot;copying&quot; text effect from existing logo
What Latin fonts are used in Apple&#39;s Chinese fonts?
Removing One Part Of A Stroke On A Rectangle In Illustrator CS5
pick color with alpha value
&quot;Pretty&quot; design vs &quot;appropriate&quot; design
Illustrator 3D extrude on text misses faces
How to apply adjustment layers to multiple (not one, not all) layers?
Copyright ownership: paid by hour vs. paid by project
Google Web Fonts or Typekit?
Adobe Indesign automatic deletion of overflow text
How to manipulate only one stroke/side of a shape/object in Illustrator CS5
New generation of &#39;Edit&#39; icon that is not a pencil?
How to remove noise/grain on a picture, based on some &quot;noise pattern&quot;
How do I know which images are copyrighted and not?
What is the best Font with less empty Space (ultra fat)
How-to hand drawn 3D effect
How to Connect Bezier Curves in Inkscape?
Why can I only see a path when it&#39;s not white?
Tasteful Alternative to Marquee
Tint a layer (or a group of objects) in illustrator
Graphic Design areas for the colour-blind?
What are the different applications in Adobe Creative Suite for?
exporting layers to files and applying the background image to all layers
Multiple objects spaced evenly around a circle
Font or technique needed to recreate newspaper article from 1873
Spec-work vs pro-bono?
How to create a color tinted black and white effect?
Using Photoshop Effects in Illustrator CS6
Is there a font face in which all glyphs are identical?
How can I create a generic display that looks appealing with a wide variety of images?
Illustrator CS6: Where did the debug panel go? Computing area of irregular shapes
Critique: How can I improve this realistic icon?
Inkscape: remove stroke preserve size/shape
Photoshop layers into SVG paths
What are the fundamentals of human figure drawing? How to improve in each of them?
Position copied content within guides using a single PS Action
Color Picker in Photoshop is wrong
Can I publish caricatures of famous people in a game?
Technical term for stray pixels
What does &quot;PDF-compatible glyph names&quot; mean?
After purchasing fonts, what further &quot;permissions&quot; are necessary to use them in commercial design work?
How to change smart object outlines and colors?
How to create fading drop shadow effect in Illustrator?
How to edit a vector mask in Photoshop CS2?
How to compute the radii (radiuses) of corners for concentric rounded rects
Best techniques for digitizing artwork using a tablet
what&#39;s the legal status of copying an existing OS theme to implement a GUI framework
Color management in Fireworks CS6
Adobe Illustrator vs Adobe Indesign for brochures
How to specify a repeating pattern for textile printing
Illustrator: shape dimension and resize
What typefaces would go well with Metalista?
How do I avoid round corners in an text with outline/stroke?
Simplest set of inks that could print the RGB gamut?
replace single color
Toggling Bounding Box and Transform Controls in Illustrator
Is there a way to extract the pantone colors from a scanned image?
How to select an InDesign vector path point when a text wrap contour is in the way?
Illustrator knows I have a font but refuses to select it
Shortcut for selector tool in Photoshop
How to apply a gradient to an Outer glow (example attached)
Black &amp; white photocopies as posters?
Double sided letterhead design with heavy ink coverage on the reverse
Quick copy text in Photoshop Text layer
How do I use a custom font in an SVG image on my site?
Different types of fonts
How to portray &quot;confidence&quot; and &quot;reliability&quot; in a brochure
Photoshop Layer -&gt; SVG
Why can&#39;t I use the Delete key to delete in Photoshop CS6?
What are great examples of the influence that design has?
Leaflet fold where full-page spread is the last thing seen?
How to select more layers with GIMP?
Realistic Gold Bevel Pattern
What fonts are ideal for E-ink displays?
How do you build a webpage with a main text body and 2 columns underneath?
How to control word-spacing in justified text with CSS?
Is it acceptable to include portfolio items from adult-themed projects?
How can I create a font from my handwriting?
What is the copyright of fanart?
Is this an effect or a type of font?
CMYK JPEGs extracted from PDF appear inverted
How important is it to have a &quot;creative&quot; r&#233;sum&#233;?
Beginning with drawing
save .png to correct size in Photoshop for print
Best way to create a shadow (depth) effect in Illustrator?
Heading numbering without threading?
Convert OpenType (PostScript flavor) to OpenType (TrueType flavor)
How to convert text to single stroke in illustrator
Create an artboard automatically to the size of an image (Illustrator)
Mirrored spreads page reshuffling: objects partially outside pages don&#39;t update positions
Are Google Web-Fonts okay for printing?
How to draw a pony?
Gimp Pasted Layer Move Tool
Books on the Golden Ratio/Others for WebDesign?
Do Marketing, English and Communications programs teach graphic design?
Illustrator eyedropper: What effect does different &#39;Pick up&#39; and &#39;Apply&#39; settings have?
Batch oilify in GIMP
How to draw a dashed circle in photoshop cs5?
Adobe Indesign CS6 - Make Text Frame fit text contents automatically
Do most web designers make their own textures?
How to guide the workflow in a collaboration? How to not kill the other’s motivation?
lines capped by lines in Adobe Illustrator
How can I get more efficient at designing tables for web in Photoshop?
Under whose name does an outsourced graphic designer go?
Header for free, Open Source plugin (translates UI into user language)
How do you create custom scripts for automation in Photoshop?
How to copy a vector mask to another layer in photoshop cs6?
Convert Primitive to Path using SVG format in Illustrator
How to produce a blurred abstract (frosted glass) background like this?
Why is Photoshop CS5 making huge gaps between lines when I make a line break with the ENTER key?
How to shrink down paths in Illustrator (cs6) whilst maintaining equivalent strokes?
What is this style of text-as-image called?
Issues with Pantone Colours in InDesign
Does anyone know of any font families that 6, 9, 8, 0 look the same upside down as right side up?
How do I make non-printable template instructions in InDesign?
How can I add notes to a photoshop document?
Is NDA necessary for this?
Resetting InDesign&#39;s &quot;Document modified outside of book&quot; warning
InDesign: Is there any way to lock all the styles (paragraph and character) and master pages and keep all of them in a master document only?
Why does this poster look off, like it&#39;s lacking something to focus on?
Is there graphic design software made for beginners, suitable for designing websites?
How big is my single pattern in Photoshop
Is Optima Roman or Optima Medium the Optima.ttc found in Mac OS X?
Is it good practice to add additional space before a punctuation mark after emphazised text?
How to scan charcoal and graphite drawings?
How do I create a polygon tessellation pattern in Adobe Illustrator?
Given a number, how to find that many colours that are well-distinguishable?
Illustrator glow effect not shown in pdf after saving
How to align &amp; distribute anchor points in a path in Flash CS6?
Shape gets distorted when adding stroke in Illustrator CS6
Hiding symbol (and other weird) fonts from Photoshop
Do I have to leave a &#174; registered trademark symbol in &quot;normal&quot; typeface?
Is there an ISO or similar recognized standard for Icons?
How is this coffee stained design done?
Is using a portion of quoted text on a poster a derivative work?
What copyright considerations should I take when putting work on a personal blog?
Photoshop: How do I keep 1x and 2x (for retina display) images in the same document?
What font can I use for a Japanese book?
Are there any color palette choosing tools that make it easy to incorporate black/gray/white?
Eyedropper straight to clipboard
Similar plugin to GuideGuide for illustrator
File backups for Photoshop
Is it possible to have Thick white ink for printers?
InDesign: How to restore text-frame position/size to be managed by the master page instead of the actual page?
What font does the logo for East Photographic use?
What does an artist who wants to learn graphic design need to know?
How to create a pattern or tiles from rotated elements
Acrobat X Custom Action to Save PDF as JPG (not export all images)
When shrinking images, does it matter what percentage I use?
How to fill shirt patterns into a shirt silhouette with realistic form &quot;twist&quot;?
Ticketing/Project Management/Collaborative Software for Graphic Design
Can anyone suggest a free equivalent of the Hoefler Text font?
Why are vector shapes sometimes left unclosed?
How do you call &quot;Charte Graphique&quot; in English?
How can I export only text with a distinctive character style from InDesign to a new document?
How create action for all layers in Illustrator file
How to make a line in illustrator with $ signs
Does Photoshop Elements fully support PSD files from &quot;full&quot; Photoshop?
Acrobat X &quot;moves&quot; object on save from Illustrator
Replace individual colors in multiple layers
How to optimize the packing of multiple shapes inside a page for print
How to make photoshop pencil tool 8x8 pixel square
When I create an arrow in Sketch and enlarge it, the tail bursts out of the arrow
Using Photoshop to create a magazine
Making the auto select layer check box a keyboard hot key
How can graphic design help improve internal communications?
What are the good and free alternative to Helvetica when use as web font?
What are common non-traditional Graphic Design requests, and how to handle them?
How to remove gray background on gray picture?
Is there a way to set up text tabs in Photoshop?
High-Resolution Operina Scans
Advice for creating a fluid and responsive graphic
Color filling the interior region of a traced bitmap
Giving a vector shape a rough edge without manipulating anchor points
What is the term for a contrasting typeface in a design?
What is the best way to write text over a photo so that it can easily be read?
How do I remove the alpha channel from the air spray filter in Inkscape?
Subpixel antialiasing for fonts rendered to an image?
Using mix Typography/Color in brand name
What should graphic designers consider when designing tattoos?
Export objects to separate files in Illustrator
How to use Subversions for Indesign, Illustrator and Photoshop
How can I search for a unicode character if I&#39;m not sure it exists?
How to change just one color value for multiple objects in Illustrator?
Design software that allows reuse of common elements, like the DRY principal of programming
Inkscape: Collapse borders between consecutive boxes
Printing Google Fonts on Paper for clients to view / choose
Why do most logos &#39;move&#39; from left to right?
Is there software specialized in &quot;puppet warp&quot; animation?
How to change multiple layers / frames duration at the same time in the Photoshop Video Timeline?
How to use the color picker in illustrator?
Desktop/iPad/iPhone PSD frames for screenshots workflow?
How can I change the Blending Modes in Adobe Illustrator?
How to create a decreasing stippling or halftone effect?
Recreating bloated/blurred text in Tate Modern logo in Photoshop
Optimizing (Compressing) GIF images in Photoshop
Advice on becoming vector proficient
Colors to use with black background?
Why does my line drawing look so sad
Executing multiple commands in sequence in GIMP
What is the term for the short lines of a square bracket?
How do I get my artboard to appear behind the grid?
What are the essential must-read magazines for the design industry? (UK)
How to remove a point from a closed vector shape in Illustrator without breaking the shape?
What are the fonts used for this WWII Jolly Roger sign?
How can I create a multi-color blurred background?
Illustrator stroke color appears lighter than same fill color
Cover Letter using InDesign?
How can I prepare for a career in character design?
How can I prepare lots of code to be printed on a long scroll?
Free alternatives to Impact
Printing with Heidelberg CMYK Explained
Why do JPEG files blur red more than other colors?
InDesign - Can I “float” an anchored frame to the top of a column?
How to use hatching and crosshatching with ink?
Black and white printing
How can I use Creative Commons-licensed media in print?
Illustrator: Scale all strokes in a document without touching object and pattern size?
News Feed? Activity?: What are some ways to represent this term as an icon?
How can I change hue of a vector image that has many colors?
Resizing a file in Photoshop CC - no constrain proportions box?
Trying paying fonts on one&#39;s website before purchasing
Adding noise to a path in Inkscape
How to create a frame to-fit different images
Graph of current/estimated value
What principles of whitespace were used in this email?
Combine blurred still frames from GIF to form crisp still
How can I localize an InDesign file?
Opening PDF in Illustrator breaks up text objects
Medical word breaks in InDesign?
Is there a standard height in lines for a drop cap?
How to make clickable areas stand out?
How to convert paths into shape in photoshop cs6
Layout for technical documents
How to remove a green/blue screen background using Photoshop CS5?
Where are my pixels?
Final size in Illustrator CS4 masked images
Script to create heat map in InDesign 5.0 PC?
What do you call this image effect and how is it achieved?
What is the recommended method of creating these icons?
How can I preserve border width when scaling an object with Inkscape?
How do design trends originate?
Image looks &#39;foggy&#39; when exported as CMYK jpeg from Photoshop
What do they call those scrolly, curvy elements next to chapter titles?
Is it OK to use a smaller font size for credentials that come after someone&#39;s name on a business card?
removing &#39;scatter&#39; lines in transmission electron microscopy image
How to align all selected points to a grid?
Should I expand the appearance of my gradients before printing?
Easy way to create repeating custom radial gradient?
Why isn&#39;t SVG widely used-supported on the web?
Typeface suggestions for both family programming and contemporary art
Is there a way to automate changing the hue of many layers with a different value per layer?
Concept Design and Card Art freelancing prices
How to punch through all the layers in Adobe Illustrator?
How can I create multiple image sizes at the same time?
Is it okay to purchase stock images in the developer company name?
Illustrator: Resize Artboard With Objects Inside
Is this is a specific type of Design drawing?
Color Theory: Is there a measurement of &quot;colorfulness&quot;?
Best fonts for improving reading experience
How can I find font references in a Photoshop PSD file?
A good set of color in for an alert message on dark background
How to align rotated shape back to 0 degrees?
How would you print extremely small words (microprinting)
Recommended workflow to expand paths without creating unnecessary anchors points
Quotable reference to support my assertion that black text on a grey background is not a &quot;highlight&quot;
Does Paul Rand&#39;s odd typographic layout style have a name?
Adobe Illustrator - How do I separate the dot from a lower case &quot;i&quot;?
Is it possible to convert PostScript to SVG? (Inkscape)
FizzBuzz for graphic designers?
How do I draw shirt with vertical stripes?
What is this woodcut/engraving like / illustrative design style called? (as seen on the US dollar sign)
How can I recreate this shadow with a gap or offset?
Importing SVG into Illustrator with proper viewBox size
How to create this kinda halftone circle in Inkscape
Does the Pantone Color of the Year have an impact on the colors used in graphic design that year?
How to represent craftsman services / manual work as icon?
How can I create TRON-like glowing effects in Illustrator?
What file type should I use for a logo when exporting from Adobe Illustrator?
Illustrator: Getting solid color values from transparency?
Recreating Anti-Alliasing/Moir&#233; effects
Icon design etymology?
Strange type behaviours, some rounded letters seem larger
What factors make a campaign go viral?
What font does Super Skeleton use for its logo?
Is there a name for digits/figures which fit in the x-height?
How do two different colors match in strength?
How to promote three different products to three different audiences in one banner?
Force indesign to backup / autosave / keep backup copy
Distinguishing/important features of a face - drawing/painting
What is the font used in the new Spotify interface? Looking for an alternative for web
How can I make complex gradient images like these in Illustrator?
How can I achieve consistent colours in my app on different mobile displays?
Do we perceive images in text reading direction?
Textbook layout including examples of two different computer programming languages?
What font is used on Geographic Information Systems.SE?
In Photoshop, what is the difference between &quot;Save As&quot; and &quot;Save for Web&quot; for a .png?
Data Merge InDesign CC layout problems
Critique: Modified template for a greeting card service
How to use an Illustrator graphic as a text bullet in InDesign?
Is it necessary to be good at drawing, to develop good 3D digital design skills for modeling and animation?
How to OTF export the font I created in Indyfont?
How can I adjust or replace many colours in an image with a new swatch of colours, without causing ugly edges?
How can I create WORKING gears in Illustrator?
Removing text from an image in a rough but quick fashion
What system do you use to name your logos?
Can a logo have two symbols?
Am I working too slow?
Is it normal to send a CMYK file without an embedded color profile?
Using work in your portfolio that you&#39;re not too pleased with?
What&#39;s the name of the image that looks like several curly brackets together?
How can I organize Adobe Illustrator Workspace?
Critique: Military Veteran Themed Business Card Design
What is the purpose of embedding a color profile when saving an image?
How to make wind flow / aerodynamic diagrams?
Can a client use my designs on products I do not provide?
Crop to specific size (not a ratio of it) in Photoshop
How to Automatically Generate Many Graphics with Illustrator Using External Data
What is the printing process of gold letter stationaries?
How can I hire a manga artist, and what are the general cost factors associated with producing a comic?
How to scroll in the layer menu while grabbing a layer?
Photoshop on a retina screen, how to fix?
Design rule toward Alignment? Is this important?
Can After Effects be used for website prototyping?
How to make a Effect act as transparency in Photoshop?
how to make a color transparent in GIMP
How to make it obvious that an option is unavailable, and can be deleted?
How do I replicate the Apple Family Sharing Icon
Explaining your design choices: how can we both argue for &quot;being consistent&quot; and the opposite; &quot;I spiced it up&quot; (I e I was inconsistent)
Batch trace JPG to SVG
Email signature hell--How to include a logo image and have it stay sharp?
Easiest way to create vintage grane/corners/angles in Ai
What are some of the benefits of having a Mac vs a Windows PC in a design environment?
Which colors should I use to indicate higher values in a graph?
How to fix this kerning pair
Are there &quot;bi-form&quot; fonts that don&#39;t have descenders?
Did they steal my work?
Illustrator CC zoom accuracy
Critique: Is there something I can do to make this illustration&#39;s ears look more symmetrical?
Are these logos too similar?
How can I predict how colors will mix when silkscreening?
Web design for Legal pages: What are some things to keep in mind?
Using imagemagick to create vibrant images
How to use font variants within Inkscape
Are zebra stripes on tables more effective than good spacing and visual contrast?
Create frozen screen effect
How To Ask Fellow Designer For Native Files For Prepress Purposes Only?
Is ISO 9001 compliant artwork a common requirement?
Center–align arabic text
AutoCad vs Illustrator for logo design
Best practices for full width browser images?
How can I left-align the text in a table of divs so that the rows are evenly distributed?
Does this poster convey femininity and multiculturalism?
Vertically centered Guillemet next to a paragraph using only paragraph and/or character styles?
What exactly are Google&#39;s &#39;500&#39; color swatches?
How to put 3 pages together vertically in InDesign
How do I make a drop shadow with a halftone effect?
Copyright of a set of colors?
Recommended Body Font Size for Print Magazine?
How do graphic designers backup all tools?
Best way (efficient and nice output) and best software to ink comics digitally
How to paste Chinese text into Illustrator?
Is there a way to change the widths of a compound path&#39;s strokes independently?
Are single double quotes an acceptable deviation from typographic rules?
Create hatching in Inkscape?
OpenType Features - Adaptable typefaces
Why are the bleed and slug lines outside my pages?
Can I make changes to the Facebook &#39;f&#39; square logo like removing the background?
Why do I have to use a gamma of 2.2 when using a JPEG picture?
How to check if my logo is a duplicate of another logo?
What characteristics are common to well-designed and well-formatted textbooks?
Does this Chinese font fit in with our brand?
Re-creating Illustrator drop shadow in CorelDRAW X5
Is it okay to use Font Awesome&#39;s social media icons?
How to tell my boss his webdesign attempts are bad/hopeless?
How do I build my webdesign portfolio when all sites I&#39;ve designed have been taken offline?
How to achieve layered line art effect?
How to create a Yin Yang in Pixelmator
&quot;Multiplying&quot; a white background gives perfect results! how do I save this image?
When using fonts in Bootstrap, is it quicker to use the Google Fonts API or to just install the font file on the server?
What techniques can be used to create a proper hierarchy of design elements?
How to remove background with Gimp?
What are the correct set of principles of Design ?
How do I make custom textures for overlays?
Line spacing in a block of text
Where can I find good filigree?
What&#39;s the easiest way to create a disabled greyscale button with a graphics program?
How Can You Remove Grain from Photographs?
How to delete the first slice photoshop generated while using slice tool?
where do you get your type inspiration or how do you decide for the right type?
In What Situations Am I Required to License Fonts From Its Original Creator?
Command line interface-based way to desaturate and posterize an image?
What imagery and symbolism would you associate with authority, knowledge and creativity?
Photoshop CS3 Layer effects - Radial Gradient&#39;s center
Composition web design rules
Can the radial blur zoom outwards not inwards?
Lightweight psd viewer with layer support
How do a tile with diagonal lines in Photoshop?
Convert a pattern/photo to a given palette
Setting object style in InDesign
Tutorial on how to create a flowing thread
Is it possible to automate font substitution in Illustrator CS5?
Problem printing PDF from Freehand-10 via Acrobat X
Photoshop showing low quality graphics
How to show boundary of every layer in Gimp?
Color inverting layer
What digitizer stylus would most naturally replicate the range of touch between a mechanical pencil and a Uniball micro-point?
How can I visually represent the concepts &quot;invincible&quot; or &quot;winning without fighting&quot;?
How to view all layers in Photoshop?
What special requirements need to be considered for outdoor banners?
InDesign Data Merge and hiding missing data
Anyone know how I can add basic web form controls to my Assets library in Fireworks?
How to use Digimarc-protection on my files in Photoshop?
Border thickness on &quot;part&quot; of pen tool shape, Is it possible?
Export layer as a file in Adobe Fireworks
Illustrator CS3 - upscaling placed or embedded raster graphics with interpolated antialiasing on export?
Design Critique/Feedback Websites
How does Photoshop&#39;s snap feature affect the image?
Colors in Website Design
How to fade a line out in photoshop
Scriptable Image Editing Desktop Applications
How can I make this text  (slightly) more &#39;Chinese-looking&#39;?
Adobe illustrator | Save for web | Small logo is not pixel-grid-aligned
How to save Photoshop file with for web with partial transparency over transparent background?
Can you use PowerPoint images on your website?
PNG vs GIF for 1 bit transparency
What should I do when scanning hand drawn images?
On which occasions would you use italics in web design?
Which tool to balance color strength ?
designing websites using grids
Colors in PNG inconsistent between Windows and Mac
Does x-height really matter when choosing fonts in using for readability and legibility?
How to make a cartoon promotional video
How to create a new glyph = letter + ogonek in InDesign
Is there a name for abstract pattern with lots of parallel lines and subtle curves?
How can I give a logo a sticker effect?
Create and Edit Parallel Paths in Inkscape
Remove identical pixels in two layers/images with free software
What&#39;s the best way to print a mostly black 8.5&quot; x 11&quot; page?
How to set the width of one item based on the width of another item in InDesign?
In Adobe Illustrator, How do you paste an item to the BOTTOM of the layer stack, not the top?
Life size image in Photoshop
What colors stimulate learning
How to choose embossing color?
Working with .psb in a psd
Transforming some, but not all, objects in a group using Illustrator?
How do I spec a character with no keyboard shortcut?
In Illustrator how can I set X and Y relative to the pixel grid?
Can I use vector images to increase site compatability?
When I buy a font, is there any limitations, except I cannot give it away to anyone?
Should I start with Fireworks, or is Expression Design comparable?
How to represent &quot;all&quot;/&quot;all options&quot;/&quot;show all&quot; as an icon
To what extent is resizing an image (using Photoshop&#39;s bicubic sampling algorithm) acceptable for print?
Split image into 16x16px or 32x32px sections then save them individually?
How do I go about finding a Graphic Designer for a personal job?
Animating anchor points in Flash CS5 - Shape goes mad!
How can I export a flash file to a gif format without losing quality?
Where can I download social media icons?
How to isolate artwork from games for fan art
How do I make a 2D texture into a banner/flag that looks like it is folding from a breeze?
Printer Resolution
Is there an InDesign to XPS workflow other than printing to an XPS &quot;printer&quot;?
Logo feedback and advice on learning Adobe Illustrator...
What file types should my web designer provide me with?
How do I create an image with blurred background and focused foreground?
How can I produce this drop-shadow effect in Photoshop?
How do I make dotted borders in Photoshop?
Create a crisp 200px wide logo in Illustrator
Adobe Illustrator CS5.5 resizing bug?
How to improve my timeline graphic ?
Need help with logo design and its transparency
1980&#39;s brushed metal stereo knob
Using multiple artboards in Illustrator
What is the most uncommon pigment in the phyiscal world?
PANTONE and color conversions
Creating grids for documents
Compiling a new font from existing fonts and embedding it in a website
What are the possibilities choosing colors using Phi (the Golden Ratio)?
What is the best way to label an image?
light painting in photoshop
How to show background texture through text placed on background in Photoshop?
Colouring illustrations - RGB or CMYK?
Looking for a grid template for Powerpoint
Illustrator - make text wrap instead of scale
Illustrator: How to drag-and-select intersecting anchor points?
Where can I find assets and the terms of use for creating buttons/icons with various social network logos?
Illustrator: Border effect for a path
What icon fits &quot;navigation&quot;?
sRGB, Photoshop and Color Picker &quot;proofing&quot;
Vectors: How do you deal with background &#39;spill&#39; on overlapping edges?
What dimensions should I use when designing for the Kindle Fire?
How to make an inner shadow around a page in Photoshop CS2?
How to Create a Leather/String Lace texture or stitching effect
How do I save an image with CMYK in Paint.NET?
What to do with these errors when I open a PSD file in my Photoshop CS3 (Windows 7) while PSD is made by Photoshop (Mac OSX)
An online resource or a book that teaches how to draw from a physics/optics perspective
Need a neat way to show availabity (e.g. working hours)
How can I use multiple overlay effects simultaneously in Photoshop?
Photoshop or Illustrator for Icon Design
Photoshop Fonts Always Italic
How to create a fictional city map
Should your website and logo have the same color scheme
Should Logotype Be Considered Part of the Heading Hierarchy?
Using the Export Layers as Files (png) script results in multiple sized images
Is pixelmator a viable alternative for photoshop?
CSS - Using different fonts within a typeface?
Mixing the classic type size scale, grid systems and modular scales
What is the best resolution to work at for Android devices?
Adobe Fireworks Alternative?
Is there a way to imitate a pencil or pen in illustrator?
How can I easily create a shape with a specific pixel width and height in Photoshop?
What&#39;s the best way to make a curly brace used for grouping items together?
Will 300 dpi (non-vector) result in blurry artwork for screen printing?
How do I configure Photoshop to reference a central common object store?
Can I transform an image&#39;s location in a Photoshop action so that it&#39;s relative to the canvas and NOT the image?
Filling object with pattern in inkscape
Which graphic tablets support tilt?
Illustrator Text Bounding Box Resize
how to collect fonts in illustrator CS5
Photoshop a low-res image to make it appear higher-res
Illustrator, Save for Web: keeping Art and Type optimization separate in one go?
Is it possible to setup a PSD to 256 colours?
Technically, what are the prime gotchas that could affect your logo further down the road, if it incorporates justified* fx &amp; blend mode treatments?
Can I connect multiple line segments to a single point using the pen tool in photoshop?
Is it possible to scale using nearest neighbour with the transform tool?
I want to find a good font combination based on existing design
Strange problem with Photoshop font
Convert Quark files to InDesign files
What does MMH stand for?
Can I automate saving different combinations of layers?
How can I determine which drawing tablet is right for me?
The name of this old burlesque-like, wanted-poster, carnival style of graphic design?
Find a font by tag
Looking for suggestions for making type more readable with a drop shadow
TTF and other &quot;modern&quot; font systems, and font size differences
When is font hinting used for print?
Make InDesign not re-hyphenate an already hyphenated word
Graphic design/color compositions for waveform presentation
Can I legally transfer a font that comes with a Mac to a Windows machine?
Can I extract shadows from a texture to make a transparent image (png)?
What is a good general document size for web page mockups and prototypes?
How to set different color to guides(Ai,Ps,Id,Fw)?
Drawing people, where should I start?
Designing forms for printing in InDesign
Is there a freely available CMYK color chart that I can print on press and work with?
What is the difference between &quot;wrapped&quot; text and &quot;constrained&quot; text?
How do I expand a folder of layers in Photoshop Elements?
Exporting to High Quality Print InDesign - preserving all fonts/text - Create Outlines?
Should the F-Pattern be considered in all designs?
Select 1px aliased border
Blender - how are points and paths imported from svg different from points and paths created in Blender?
Gimp grid strange behavior - feature or bug?
How to resize an EPS file in Illustrator to fit a pixel size?
Changing Color of Path Guides in Illustrator
Layer Comps in Illustrator?
Should online PDFs be saved as spreads or single pages?
Photoshop: Get history paramaters
&quot;Punch&quot; transparent hole in inkscape, without destructive boolean operations?
Need To Do a Contour Design in Illustrator
Indesign and syntax highlighting
Testing if a BG will Repeat Tile Properly in Photoshop?
Web font that supports some basic music symbols
Time requirement for Photoshop Vs Illustrator for mobile app
GIMP: How to crop a layer?
how to add one smart object in multiple files in photoshop?
Transitioning Between Background Colors
Replacing a font in many illustrator files
Reproduce WordArt in Inkscape (trapezoid shape)
How to identify fantasy fonts
Active digitizer laptops that open 180&#176;
IS ALL CAPS EVER OK?
Font licensing for a web app hosted on clients servers
Anticipating problems with a Google Webfont&#39;s rendering cross-platform 
Who is in charge of creating fake logos and products for movies/games, and what are good examples of them?
Illustrator &quot;virtual&quot; clone
What font is used here on David Guetta&#39;s T-shirts?
Is there a term for vertically low typefaces?
How does Apple&#39;s retina display affect sub-pixel rendering?
32 Bit PNG&#39;s won&#39;t save as png?
Sharing InDesign Links between Mac &amp; Windows
Which program to use for a 3D logo
Is there an easy and cheap way to print qr codes on post-it notes?
Convert foreground motif to degrees of transparency?
Google Play - &#39;Feature Graphic&#39; Design
Need Guidance for Color Profile Settings in Illustrator
Why is there so much emphasis on the text of a logo and not the catchyness of the logo itself?
Fill an area while keeping transparency
How can I add multiple concentric outlines around text?
How to place files to photoshop without scaling?
Scale layers in a psd file by 200% for retina iPad
How to &quot;draw&quot; pointed corner drop shadows in Adobe Illustrator CS5
Illustrator moves objects using &quot;transform again&quot; with scale
Making ogoneks with GREP style
Create a two headed arrow connector in Inkscape
Export Multiple Artboards to Pngs Named after the Artboard Without the Filename Prepended
How to design sites with dark colours (red and black palette)
Can I use fleurons/hedera as bullets in a list?
Museo Font get distorted in browser
Adobe Fireworks CS6 maximum image dimension
How to repair InDesign document that categorically crashes the Application
How can I make Symbols in Illustrator like I would in Flash?
Is there an equation to easily convert a color to its matching color in another hue?
Best resolutions for display on the web for high resolution image?
How to remove the background of an SVG with Adobe Illustrator?
Why is my character lost in the background?
copy object as a reference
CS5 export layers as files no number sequence
What Do You Ask From Your Graphical Designer for Your Iphone Apps?
How do I create color swatch for Photoshop from a list of RGB values?
Flatten transparency of derivative colors
Create a GREP style that finds paragraphs that starts with 2 possible words, then styles the entire paragraph
Improved splash screen design
Illustrator: How do I make a &quot;arrow&quot; with &quot;flat edges&quot;
Can more than one designers work together?
How to remove the alpha channel in a Photoshop document?
Crop multiple images to match them up in Photoshop?
A very strange favicon file (atleast for me) where one single file contains 3 different sized images
Illustrator CS5: Multiline text along a path?
How do I find the original color version of b&amp;w artwork?
Is this Comic sans MS?
If I reference a medical textbook or website for hand drawing bones is that considered copyright infringement?
Using InDesign CS6, how can I simultaneously edit A4 and A5 versions of a poster?
Modern design - What&#39;s that?
Title for a company owner/freelancer doing design, web dev, writing and photography
How can I slice parallelogram shapes to HTML/CSS?
Is it possible to specify width in pixels for multiple objects at the same time in Illustrator CS5?
Why are all my colors dull in Illustrator CS6?
When should text figures/lining figures be used?
InDesign: In a table of contents, conflicts between bold &amp; italic text
Are there typographic methods of rendering a document traceable?
What is a flow line in typography?
Are any font sizes reasonable to use
Delivering a graphic design to a customer
UX research on where to put website menu?
Where to find high-quality icon sets?
How do I keep file sizes down when editing PDFs?
How do I blend a black-background fire image in Photoshop?
How to work out font-size setting by counting pixels?
How about a fourth primary additive color?
How to shade region under a mathematical curve?
How can I turn my old tablet PC into a Cintiq-like pen tablet?
Outer bevel in inkscape
Hyphenation on many line breaks
How do I import a vector illustration into photoshop?
Custom folder for fonts in Photoshop
Alpha Transparency Remove Background Photoshop
Is it legal to make a vector of another companies product?
How to make millimeters the default measurement unit in Adobe InDesign?
Rotate every text in a row by 25 degree?
How to prepare a layout for packaging and hot stamping?
Photoshop CS6 extended, is there a way to disable the edge highlighting of shape selections?
Illustrator symbol isolation view pixel grid not aligned to ruler
Size and transparency differences when saving PNG by different methods
Non-displaying objects in illustrator and photoshop
Mobile First and RWD workflow and how to interact with client
How to get bokeh images to use in web design?
Illustrator: Pathfinder divide not working as expected
How can I save only one layer as a PNG file in Photoshop
InDesign: Export all placed files into one folder
Does anyone know a good pixel font 7px tall?
How to rotate around shifter center precisely in Illustrator?
Using GIMP to extract foreground objects using layers
why does the contract tool in photoshop mangle my shapes?
Polygons around a circle almost like a sunburst
Practices for making visual ideas into real designs
Are custom graphics/images a necessity for professional looking web design?
What page numbering conventions are there for front matters (prelims) of books?
Positioning a DIV before the previous DIV
Considerations when using multiple font faces (on webpage or CD cover)
Is there an icon set for displaying &quot;All&quot;, &quot;Some&quot;, and &quot;None&quot; states?
Scaling Pattern Fills in Inkscape
Can I round the corners of a shape that has curves in Illustrator?
When saving an image as a PNG or JPEG, does photoshop/GIMP only save the top layers or all the data?
How to create an extruded halftone effect in illustrator or photoshop
How to create a PDF which has a background that does not print
What are the historical origins of Helvetica?
What is the name of the design technique based on dots?
How to Create Pixel Based Text Logo?
Can I stroke a line with a pattern in illustrator?
Is there a way to create a dockable palette for Photoshop with ScriptUI?
Importing spreadsheet data as layers into Adobe Illustrator
Photoshop CS5: How can I change the default reference point location?
Anyone knows the fonts used in this Resume?
Layer Comps misalign my layer masks and adjustment layers
Strange grey bordering/outline in Illustrator
Exporting iconsets to XAML
Illustrator CS4: Default opacity of new objects
Standard Event Poster Size (North America)
Why do I get color banding when using Color Dodge and a dark colored gradient?
How to create the effect in this animated GIF of morphing faces?
How to make a picture look like it&#39;s torn off?
CS5: How to make non-linear changes using the history panel?
Open type sans serif fonts with true small caps
How do I replicate these two effects in Photoshop?
How to design a websites using thin fonts that will look good in a web browser?
Good font for a rest home logo?
Is there any learning service like Pluralsight but for design?
Smart guides &quot;construction guides&quot; feature intermittent in Illustrator CS5
My web logo looks pixelated after resizing
Suggestion for a book on graphic trends and their evolution
Creating a pattern from an image
Best calculation for leading in web design
is there a way to ad hyperlinks in a illustrator document?
How can I give a name to an image in Corel with Eps format?
Finding the distance between two guides in Photoshop
How do I move the color picker in a straight line?
Hyphenation of compound words
Skillsets specific for concept artists
Easy Archiving/Organising your graphic elements for later use
How to create the round/rectangle dialog on GIMP or Photoshop?
Autoconverting PNGs to sRGB
Unicode character that conveys &#39;synchronization&#39;?
What&#39;s the fastest-drying pen?
How to study anatomy as an artist?
What would be equivalent blue colour for this red/orange one?
Full list of Photoshop Shortcuts
Best practice for InDesign document translation?
PDF viewer with a &#39;View Outline&#39; Function?
Save individual element in PSD as an image
What the name of the part of the character that holds the counters and the eyes in a stencil typeface?
How can I use design to teach history to 8th graders?
Batch resize and OUTPUT multiple images
My Timeline window is missing lots of controls
Perception and color theory
Flash CS6 How to create 3D extruded text?
Run Illustrator script on multiple files
Illustrator CS5 brick pattern with perspective
Can adjusting color (or grayscale) properties of an image affect its visibility in daylight?
How to make a series of rectangles follow a pen path
Add a background-color to a paragraph-style in inDesign
DejaVu Sans Condensed not showing up in Inkscape, despite installed
Is there a way I can find out who owns the rights to an image I want to use on my web app?
How do I drain this pattern of color to add it?
Saving vector art using Illustrator CS5 with the intent to sell artwork to people who work with various vector software and versions of Illustrator?
Why are my handles and anchor point missing in AI?
How to determine what quality a JPG was saved as?
How to disable Align to Pixel Grid in Illustrator
What is the drawing style called that is used in the RSA Animate lectures?
How do designers render their work onto an iPhone/Android?
Creating a schematic diagram of an experiment
What should I consider when purchasing a new laptop and accessories for design?
What is the best way to design for a group where multiple people have equal input?
Resize multiple layers around their respective anchor points (PS CS6)
Which is better for icon design: vector graphics or raster graphics?
An analogous gradient on a triangle in Inkscape
Fireworks CS6: easy way to adjust values like in Photoshop?
Do we have name for these kind of &quot;flat graphics&quot; images?
How do you create Icon Fonts?
What is a quick and concise way to explain online font licensing to a customer?
What computer subsystem is responsible for font kerning?
What&#39;s the name of the font used in Ambersoft Labs?
Should fonts always be very &quot;formal&quot; on a legal page?
Can I make each group in this SVG file its own SVG file?
How can I create imagery for cyber security and cyberspace general while avoiding that late 90&#39;s early 2000&#39;s look?
Designing GUI for mobile apps working in bright sunlight environment
Which fonts were used in this presentation?
Should I scale an image first, or index it?
What is the best way to save an image to a publication that will allow you to zoom in to greater detail
What&#39;s the best way to make a pdf book cover for Create Space?
How flatten transparency without rasterization?
Which software should be used for simulating light beam reflection from headlight reflector?
How to apply anti-aliasing to a layer with a transparent background?
Inkscape can not blur Bezier line if it is connected to the outer end of a spiral
How to create vector graphics In Photoshop CS6
Do plotter units define quality in PLT file export?
What is the exact role/relationship of photoshop in web design?
What size, spacing and baseline shift for tm and numerals in superscript?
Differences between &quot;Royalty-Free&quot;, &quot;Public Domain&quot;, &quot;Creative Commons&quot; etc
How to begin with UI design
Adjust hue / saturation such that colour X becomes colour Y
How to apply layer style to one object and apply it to multiple layers
Change background color of just one artboard in Illustrator CS5
Embedding pdf in illustrator
What font is similar to Zapfino One but a bit more legible?
How do I mix both uppercase and lowercase in Illustrator
Identify 19th century font with italic uppercase N with ball serifs
How to choose a color palette for a website
Simple Spot Color Separations for Screen Printing
How to create a font for free using web tools?
Looking for a software to design blueprint style technical drawings
Alternative to Helvetica Rounded corners
Recommended tools for graphic designers working with WPF
Script for InDesign that checks for halftone spot colors?
Coming from a programming background, where should I start to learn web design?
Transform or filter which selects similarly colored regions?
Vertical Rhythm - How important is it
Circular ProgressBar Animation
Trying to figure out what this ornamental period font is
How to avoid decimals on position and size using pixels
How to become really good in graphic design from being average?
How to draw these big headed characters?
Exporting PDF from Adobe Illustrator without aliasing
Inkscape: Joined pentagon and hexagon with fixed edge length
Two-sided printing: exact positioning?
Photoshop: How to merge two anchor points
Expandable text field in acrobat
How to maintain color consistency across a website
How do I avoid selection box shrinkage when working with transparent layers?
A selection of colors that spans the range of the RGB color spectrum?
Is it legal to convert a not-freely-distributable font to &quot;path&quot; and distribute it?
How to save a 32 bit png with alpha channel (transparency) in Photoshop?
Defining resolution or layout size for iphone/ipad devices
What could be most indicative icon for &quot;Blog&quot;?
Export set of layers in Pixelmator
How to apply, blend or overlay a texture or pattern image to a layer in Photoshop?
Method for batch layout of images into PDF sheets
Is there a gesture-like exercise for drawing faces?
Do Stats or polls exist for the preferred style of website design?
How should I get started if I want to work as a 3D designer for games?
Font in Google android emulator?
Illustrator: Auto-sized Text box with shaded background?
What&#39;s the technical term for groups of glyphs in an OpenType font?
How to make a deep bevel in Inkscape
&#39;Un-smart&#39; object in Photoshop
Create and Edit parallel &quot;bus&quot; lines in Inkscape
What is the best way to review static mobile mockups?
What is the name for wireframe-like projection images of technical objects?
What is the best way to make text fit inside a circular shape?
How to teach a print designer to design for web?
How can I spice up my flat iOS icons?
What programs can I use to create an animation for web?
RGB to CMYK conversion problem
Pathfinder divide tool on object with gradient mesh
How to sell a design to a company?
How to correctly implement a color scheme
How do people get those gorgeous, high-resolution UI screenshots without using Retina display?
Talking about Front End Web Development frameworks from a designer&#39;s perspective
Am I breaking any Copyright/IP law by designing and selling posters based on an existing design and concept?
How to export layers as files in InDesign
What font is used for Batman: The Animated Series?
Preventing Illustrator CC vector objects distorting when scaled
Border on borderless pie chart, Illustrator CC
Making parts of Illustrator logo transparent - rather than faking it with the background color
How to reduce the file size of an image while keeping the same dimensions
How can I create an animated device mockup?
Best way to save AI/SVG graphics for website purposes?
Steps between Wireframe / UI design for web development
Software for Creating Yearbook (50+ Pictures/Page) Layout
What are some good &quot;mocking-up&quot; practices in web design?
Photoshop Save Selection
Build a surface using a line directed by circles in catia
Using which software can I produce network maps of this kind?
What should a designer consider when deciding on the print size of promotional materials?
Is there any negative adverse effect to optimizing images for retina screens, if the images aren&#39;t exactly double size?
Small caps in names as part of an adjective
How to keep track of the degree value given to a skew transformation?
managing fonts in illustrator
How to crop an image in Illustrator?
Font Rendering issue
How to Insert an Image in to an Ellipse and Hide Overflowing Parts
Is it better to illustrate on matte paper or glossy paper?
Can I export from pdf through Photoshop and back to pdf and keep the color values the same?
How to make a fill or stroke change its color when the swatch used for it changes?
Using incomplete web designs in a portfolio
Does building a site from a design concept violate creative commons no derivatives clause?
Fill shape created using &quot;Pen Tool&quot;
What is a text heavy design with multiple types of typography called?
Can I use images / poster from a movie in a flyer to promote a Movie Night?
Weird grey boxes on PDF export and (huge) quality difference in Apple Preview and Adobe Acrobat
How can you achieve this mosaic like effect in Photoshop?
What&#39;s the font name of the new iOS 7 note app?
Searching for an odometer / mileage counter / rounded rectangle numbers font
Searching for a font that&#39;s similar to Lato
Draw rectangle with stroke in Inkscape
Collage of Scraps
Smooth out transition between elements
Programs to draw human face
What font or typeface is used in this text that says &quot;Johnson&quot;?
Inkscape: Caps on lines are always black
In gimp how can I get the edges of a filled rectangle selection to look like a painted area?
Where can I build a customizable HTML e-mail template to reply to individual customers requesting information?
How to handle multiple page design projects in Photoshop
How can I create a custom shape with round edges on Photoshop CS6?
Change color of clipped image - Inkscape
Super-thin UI Trend: Is there a name for this &quot;beyond &#39;flat&#39;&quot; style?
Should I use a company&#39;s letterhead on all of their files?
How to apply twist deformer but keep shape of spheres
How do you apply a clipping mask to multiple layers in Photoshop?
How to create a Geometric Polygonal Art portrait
Is it possible to add a background image to all &#39;layers&#39; of an animated gif?
Can I Put my logo on an outputted PDF?
How to explain the reasoning for and against a font choice?
Placing Keynote 6.0 elements into Illustrator CS5
equidistant guide lines in inkscape
Best practice to creating distorted text?
How to straighten image along the path?
How to not let drop shadows darken each other out
How to draw a wiggly line in Illustrator
How come my link is overlooked?
Identifying printing quality issues
How much wiggle room should I give when creating a package design?
Photoshop: TIFF: Difference between &quot;gray/8&quot; and &quot;gray/8#&quot;?
Does InDesign have an Edit Artboard-like tool, like Illustrator has?
Paper format of Springer LNCS
Using my pen tablet, how do I make it so when I draw, the line width varies more artistically? Very static right now
Help Identify the Japanese and Chinese Fonts as Pictured
How can I quickly enter editing mode of a selected text layer?
In InDesign, is it possible to hide the Web Content loading icon?
How do I get proportions of the sock in my logo right?
1960s technical charts sans-serif all caps font
Is it plagiarism if my logo looks similar to an existing one?
Why is Blue/Green/Yellow/Red such a popular color scheme for logos?
Is there an automated, configurable way to organize many layers into a sprite sheet grid with exact pixel coordinates in Photoshop?
Does InDesign support page sets?
Border around formatted text in Inkscape
Why not pure black and pure white?
How to create a nondestructive gradient mask over an object?
How to isolate the text from a bitmap logo?
How to make a layer change size in an animation in Photoshop?
How can I make crisp icons for Windows Store apps?
How can I make this whitespace into a new path?
How can an Icon symbolize &quot;Search Relevance&quot;?
Photoshop - Easier way to add date suffix, st, nd, th rd
Which secondary whitespace character should I use for my seven-segment font?
Icon to signify &quot;wish&quot; or &quot;wishlist&quot;?
How can I create a double helix?
Horizontally/Vertically Straightening a Shape in Illustrator
Are there any graphic design societies/clubs for experienced designers in the UK?
Change weight of font while maintaining local formatting in InDesign
InDesign: How do I automatically align the bottoms of different columns of text boxes to the same height as the one with the most text?
Rename text anchor and update cross-reference text
Is providing only minimal contact details bad for freelance designers?
What type of paper should I use for print outs for a physical portfolio?
How to separate a dropdown from the page background when it&#39;s the same color?
What is the font used in the Elysium movie code editor?
What is the best Adobe software for designing a r&#233;sum&#233;?
Adobe Illustrator CS6 Make a texture fit exacly in a custom shape?
Can I predefine brushes with color and size in Gimp?
Font Awesome as Photoshop Custom Shape Set
Center object A with object B
What application supports working with sprites (PNGs) over 10,000 px wide?
How to practice designing on my own
Handdrawn like pencil sketch with inkscape
Add a hyperlink within Illustrator
InDesign ignores Illustrator artboard?
Should designers put ALL of their works in their portfolio?
Is there a way to convert from Illustrator to Photoshop and maintain things like text, lines, arrows as editable?
How to ignore objects outside clipping masks in symbols in Adobe Illustrator
How can I decide between the medium sized intuos tablet or the small one?
How do I open a Flash CS6 file in CS5
How to find complementary colors
How to fill half of a word with one colour and the other half with a different colour in Adobe Illustrator
How can I improve this icon/design?
Internship or Spec Work?
In Photoshop is there a way to change the style of multiple text elements at the same time?
How to change between Live shapes to masks properties in Photoshop CC
Sequence diagram for review, revision and approval
Font identification / recommendation: Cursive serif used for quotes
3D objects with raised border in illustrator
What factors do these colors share?
Learning how to draw as a web designer
Background images get distorted or random lines appear
Name of web layout made up of full-width sections
Is it possible to have a page with a transparent background?
I&#39;m looking for this gothic / blackletter font (or a very similar one)
How to create transparent 1 bit background as in the sample?
Why are some SVG Filters automatically converted to PNG when creating an SVG in Adobe Illustrator?
How to use value-based pricing for design projects?
Critique: How can I tie a logo into my website design at both mobile and desktop screen sizes?
Does this art style in Hannes Johannes animations have a name?
Is it acceptable to use different but similar typefaces for print content and web content?
Free plugin to create/display Photoshop measurement annotations
Any books on actual how-to of logo design?
How can I create a tight spiral shape? (Archimedean spiral)
Illustrator&#39;s background and artboard became transparent
Gimp: removing background from product images
End marks: are they a good idea?
Do I need to create my images at twice the pixel dimensions on a retina display?
Can I redesign a logo I created in Photoshop in illustrator?
1 letter used - do I need to buy the entire font?
How do I keep edged flush when tracing with the pen tool in Illustrator?
How to find out whether a font is authentic?
Submitting logo to Github project
Photoshop - Removing an Object using the Content Aware function
Difference in glyphs of I and l
How to make a smooth PMS gradient transition in Illustrator
How to overlay a fabric pattern on a Seat Image to make it look authentic?
How can I create fruit&#39;s texture?
How do I recreate this color overlay layer effect in Photoshop?
How to put arrows along a path in Inkscape?
Critique: Looking For Honest Feedback On A Logo Sketch
What is the best way to acheive this &quot;geometric triangles&quot; effect?
What term is used to refer to cut vinyl stickers?
How to size canvas and add and retain full image in GIMP?
Aligning three circle intersection equally
Is this typeface intentionally so uneven, or is this some display error?
Difference between brand/design style guide and a UI Pattern Library and how to avoid conflicts?
Creating Voronoi diagram from Adobe Illustrator CC
Can photoshop wrap 2D image around entire custom shaped 3D object?
Can you protect social media iconography?
How to exclude hidden shapes when saving to SVG
Join line and edge of circle
Would moving away from urban areas affect client acquisition for a freelance designer?
How can I create a tiling hexagon tesselation (for SVG/Web)?
Are new brand names/logos typically trademarked, and what are the most common reasons for doing so?
How do I find out what the high level differences are between two partially different PSDs?
How to remove a portion of a closed object, to turn it into an open object?
What should I keep in mind when designing a metallic duotone?
How to distinguish between links and headings without colour variation?
What Color Theory goes into designing camouflage?
Going from gesture sketching to a final drawing
Protecting against copyright?
What Adobe License do I need as an Individual that sells designs?
How do I make a brush with overlapping shapes aligned to the path in Illustrator?
how to print saddle stitch booklet from a Indesign book file?
How can I connect two disjoint paths in Sketch App?
Are there any presentation software or sites besides Microsoft Powerpoint?
Import vector data into illustrator
Is dark UI pleasing to general app consumers?
Bullets combined with numbering for InDesign?
Making multiple vectors one single vector in Illustrator
How do you make an Android loading icon in Illustrator?
What is the font used in IE 10 source?
Illustrator is cropping exported icons despite artboard being Fit to Selected Art
Is there a way to select OpenType features in Inkscape?
Should I provide a dieline around a package design?
Make an index where &quot;cat&quot; also refers to &quot;cats&quot;
How to remove strange banding from PNG export with radial gradient
Photoshop: Save a part without cropping
How to create an outlined circle with centered horizontal and vertical gaps in Illustrator?
Can I fill a ink cartridge with any type of ink? Even valuable ink?
Easy way to create depth
Custom stroke caps in Illustrator?
How to achieve better consistency with stock / vendor photos taken from different distances?
How to create a rectangle with one side stroke only in Inkscape?
Is 4-color process printing (CMYK) more or less expensive than using 4 spot colors?
Color palette next to crop marks - function?
CSS-only Polygonal Border
How to transform a pattern without affecting its parent objects&#39; shape in Illustrator?
How to import a CSV list of names into Illustrator artwork?
Converting marker and watercolor art to Illustrator/Vector?
Critique: music and graphics company logo
Recognize all table cells
How to create an animated demo of my webdesign?
Small, anti-aliased fonts for an LCD display
What does a tagline in a website header communicate by being there?
If one hires a designer who plagiarizes, who is held liable?
Inkscape: Project a rectangle on bent path keeping gradients intact
Increasing the significant figures in Illustrator CS6
Does a beard highlight or obscure the mouth area?
How to typeset units in HTML
How to achieve a chevron color mask effect in Photoshop?
Delete all strokes at once in Inkscape
How can I use GREP to get all text between the third and fourth underscore in a file name?
How to remake these lines that follow a circular shape?
Fonts with ambiguous / similar characters
Cut a circumference into parts - Inkscape
Choosing a color on intention
What is the Right Way to Ensure Design You Really Want?
Making extremely large screenshots
Make printed out messages look good
What does my printer mean when he says &#39;$1.50 for a 30&quot; running edge&#39;?
Critique request: logo for a health product
What is the line resolution in the pond in A. D&#252;rer&#39;s St Eustace engraving?
Term for upward slant of horizontals in a typeface
Maths + Graphic Design - Did somebody try that?
Critique Request: CAD drafting contractor logo
Is it possible to prevent download of images when designing a website?
Making changes to a page that I own, but was made by someone else
Should I use Hex or RGBA when designing a website?
Make a random dispersion of images
What is this shifted red and blue effect often seen in VR called? How can I achieve it?
How to convert a gradient mesh created in Illustrator into a browser-compatible, scalable SVG?
How can I outline this image with a thick black border
How can I create and transfer the same metering scale (vector) to a mass of different .jpg images?
Why are the lines of one object darker than another behind another object of 50% opacity?
Do and don&#39;t do with styling &lt;html&gt; and &lt;body&gt; tags
How to put one object both in front and behind another object at the same time?
What is this kind of pattern called and how is it created?
What&#39;s the more appropriate way to introduce a &quot;flashback&quot; in a graphic novel, in terms of color, line strokes and panel shape?
InDesign, Grep and Syntax Highlighting
Is it possible to make a gradient follow a path in Illustrator?
How to twist a complex shape in Inkscape?
Should highlighted quotes in an article be aligned with the body text?
Joining shapes in Affinity Designer
Adobe Photoshop - How do you arithmetically add two images?
Pantone Bridge Books- Uncoated vs Coated
Ensure a document is ready for 4 color printing
How to paste a part of an image in the same coordinates I cut it from?
How large are the HSL/HSV colour spaces with respect to Lab?
Complex data merge in Adobe InDesign for business cards
Reduce 30MB image to less than 50KB without significant loss
Polygon shape not closing with brush in Illustrator CC
Embedding fonts in inkscape
Difference between 8 bit and 16 bit in Photoshop
How do I mix rounded and squared caps in a single path in Illustrator?
How can I create cartoon green grass for covering a sphere?
Are there any extra measures when designing a translucent business card?
Can I use Illustrator to import text data and populate text boxes?
What is the most effective way to organize .psds for a large scale application project
How do you present a logo to a client?
Changing the position of outlines in Skech &amp; Toon on Cinema 4d
How to handle freelance designers that fail to meet expectations?
Are faux small caps now considered OK?
How to type two characters on top of each other (superscript) in InDesign
