Trade stocks in USA
Why am I not entitled to keep the money given to me by the Government in error?
What is the minimum information someone would need to know about me to wire money out of my brokerage account?
Average cost basis based on total shares held or specific shares sold?
Can I get my savings from my mom&#39;s bank now that I&#39;m 18?
Does Technical Analysis work or is it just a pointless attempt to &quot;time the market&quot;?
Which state gets taxes on money paid for previous year&#39;s work?
How to list child care for taxes when not married and splitting the costs?
College job: local credit union or existing Navy Federal?
Can capital expenses for volunteer purposes be deducted from income?
Does a 401(k) contribution harm your Debt-to-Income ratio for a mortgage application?
Deferring mortgage interest expense to next year when filing taxes?
Indian won a contest in US. I got 1042-S claiming 30% tax. How to file?
TEC Credit Score - What is it and what are my rights?
Treasury Direct requires Medallion for verification, how can I get my bank to do it?
How long took a person to get the break even investing since 2000 in MSCI WORLD INDEX?
Is it possible for state and federal taxes to already have been removed on a 1099-MISC?
Evaluating Mortgage Refinance Loan Offers - Short Time Frame
What are the drawbacks to using my bank&#39;s online billpay service?
How can I affect implied volatility of an option?
How can someone claim themselves as a dependent?
What portion of my salary will be taxed during my internship in Washington state?
IRS (USA) Form 843 - How much time you have to file?
Is there a US credit union for foreign people?
Should I close my BestBuy Credit Card? Will it affect my credit score and history?
Can I deduct state and local taxes on a 1040A form?
What is Loan to Value Ratio?
Chances of losing money in a foreign bank account
Opening account with large brokerage with subaccounts
Am I eligible for a student maintenance loan?
How much should be our expense and savings ratio?
How the money can be destroyed when some country or corporation defaults
How to Calculate Annual Return of A Fund When Contribution is Irregular?
Visa Credit Card Regulations in Europe
How does my higher rate tax on savings interest get paid. **UK, pre-2016**
How to find a suitable investment product for my ISA?
International Bank Draft Fees
Can return fees be reimbursed from an HSA?
What are the tax consequences if my S corporation earns money in a foreign country?
Investing through a corporation to defer taxation of capital gains and dividends
Argentinian wants to work for company in Europe and receive transfers to bank in the US, how to pay tax?
What to invest in with low capital?
Low-interest 30yr mortgage - can the bank pull a fast-one?
Can you dispute a negative credit reporting?
Tax brackets in the US
Calculating pay off for credit card with multiple APRs
Why do all currencies lose value over time?
Can you recharacterize an original Roth IRA to a traditional IRA?
Must I wait to resubmit my return on Free File Fillable Forms?
Home Equity Line of credit features and overview
As a US citizen studying in Canada, do I pay income taxes in either country for Scholarships?
Suitable Vanguard funds for a short-term goal (1-2 years)
Tax exempt non-retirement investment
What are the guidelines for a loan between private parties?
Contribute Federal and State withholdings to company 401k instead?
Depositing an insurance check made out to a foreign ltd into a personal US account
How does a CFD work behind the scenes?
Tax deduction of advisor fees?
Risks associated to obtaining a TIN
Cosigner death and family responsibility
American trade Hong Kong financial markets (specifically index options)
How to pick a state to form an LLC in?
Should I claim my rental property was not rented at fair rental value?
Can stock market gains be better protected under an LLC arrangement?
Student loan payments and opportunity costs
Recurring deposit in US banks
Tax payment has not appeared in bank account ~20 days after filing electronically with TurboTax. What to do?
Can anything be done about unclaimed DCAP funds from past years?
Fundamentals of creating a diversified portfolio based on numbers?
Will I be taxed in India
Can a name be gotten from an account number?
Under what circumstances is a membership a deductible donation?
UK - Borrowing house deposit from parents
What are some good options for getting a short-term personal loan?
H1B first time file tax
Is it possible to be considered a dual status alien even with if you meet substantial presence test?
How to determine how much to charge your business for rent (in your house)?
How to get the lowest mortgage rate on a new purchase?
can alimony exist prior to divorce for the purpose of US tax filing?
What are the pros and cons of buying a house just to rent it out?
VA Mortgage Refinance Question
Is it ok to go to mortgage underwriting with two different lenders at the same time?
How does a lender compute equity requirement for PMI?
Choose online stock trading companies
check deposit question
does one have to keep stock until the dividend payment date to get the dividend? (Record Date vs Payment Date)
How to adjust additional cost from wash sale transaction on form 8949
How do you Record Revenue from ads?
calculation of real inflation rate in india?
Japanese citizen is a primary beneficiary of my IRA What is the process for her to inherit my IRA?
Where do I deduct convention registration expenses?
Saving for a non-necessity
Is buying puts on a ten-year treasury ETF a good way to hedge mortgage rates?
Indian citizen. Moving to Brunei. Working as freelancer for US company. In which account do I get my salary transferred?
Reclaiming withheld income from past year 1042-S
Just getting started and not sure where to go from here
What is the &#39;opportunity cost&#39; for delaying charitable donations, and when to grant them?
Freelancer - taxes in India for working for Spainish company
What are the tax implications on selling my second home?
NRE account in indian bank have to pay Income Tax in India
Trade stocks in USA
Why am I not entitled to keep the money given to me by the Government in error?
What is the minimum information someone would need to know about me to wire money out of my brokerage account?
Average cost basis based on total shares held or specific shares sold?
Can I get my savings from my mom&#39;s bank now that I&#39;m 18?
Does Technical Analysis work or is it just a pointless attempt to &quot;time the market&quot;?
Which state gets taxes on money paid for previous year&#39;s work?
How to list child care for taxes when not married and splitting the costs?
College job: local credit union or existing Navy Federal?
Can capital expenses for volunteer purposes be deducted from income?
Does a 401(k) contribution harm your Debt-to-Income ratio for a mortgage application?
Deferring mortgage interest expense to next year when filing taxes?
Indian won a contest in US. I got 1042-S claiming 30% tax. How to file?
TEC Credit Score - What is it and what are my rights?
Treasury Direct requires Medallion for verification, how can I get my bank to do it?
How long took a person to get the break even investing since 2000 in MSCI WORLD INDEX?
Is it possible for state and federal taxes to already have been removed on a 1099-MISC?
Evaluating Mortgage Refinance Loan Offers - Short Time Frame
What are the drawbacks to using my bank&#39;s online billpay service?
How can I affect implied volatility of an option?
How can someone claim themselves as a dependent?
What portion of my salary will be taxed during my internship in Washington state?
IRS (USA) Form 843 - How much time you have to file?
Is there a US credit union for foreign people?
Should I close my BestBuy Credit Card? Will it affect my credit score and history?
Can I deduct state and local taxes on a 1040A form?
What is Loan to Value Ratio?
Chances of losing money in a foreign bank account
Opening account with large brokerage with subaccounts
Am I eligible for a student maintenance loan?
How much should be our expense and savings ratio?
How the money can be destroyed when some country or corporation defaults
How to Calculate Annual Return of A Fund When Contribution is Irregular?
Visa Credit Card Regulations in Europe
How does my higher rate tax on savings interest get paid. **UK, pre-2016**
How to find a suitable investment product for my ISA?
International Bank Draft Fees
Can return fees be reimbursed from an HSA?
What are the tax consequences if my S corporation earns money in a foreign country?
Investing through a corporation to defer taxation of capital gains and dividends
Argentinian wants to work for company in Europe and receive transfers to bank in the US, how to pay tax?
What to invest in with low capital?
Low-interest 30yr mortgage - can the bank pull a fast-one?
Can you dispute a negative credit reporting?
Tax brackets in the US
Calculating pay off for credit card with multiple APRs
Why do all currencies lose value over time?
Can you recharacterize an original Roth IRA to a traditional IRA?
Must I wait to resubmit my return on Free File Fillable Forms?
Home Equity Line of credit features and overview
As a US citizen studying in Canada, do I pay income taxes in either country for Scholarships?
Suitable Vanguard funds for a short-term goal (1-2 years)
Tax exempt non-retirement investment
What are the guidelines for a loan between private parties?
Contribute Federal and State withholdings to company 401k instead?
Depositing an insurance check made out to a foreign ltd into a personal US account
How does a CFD work behind the scenes?
Tax deduction of advisor fees?
Risks associated to obtaining a TIN
Cosigner death and family responsibility
American trade Hong Kong financial markets (specifically index options)
How to pick a state to form an LLC in?
Should I claim my rental property was not rented at fair rental value?
Can stock market gains be better protected under an LLC arrangement?
Student loan payments and opportunity costs
Recurring deposit in US banks
Tax payment has not appeared in bank account ~20 days after filing electronically with TurboTax. What to do?
Can anything be done about unclaimed DCAP funds from past years?
Fundamentals of creating a diversified portfolio based on numbers?
Will I be taxed in India
Can a name be gotten from an account number?
Under what circumstances is a membership a deductible donation?
UK - Borrowing house deposit from parents
What are some good options for getting a short-term personal loan?
H1B first time file tax
Is it possible to be considered a dual status alien even with if you meet substantial presence test?
How to determine how much to charge your business for rent (in your house)?
How to get the lowest mortgage rate on a new purchase?
can alimony exist prior to divorce for the purpose of US tax filing?
What are the pros and cons of buying a house just to rent it out?
VA Mortgage Refinance Question
Is it ok to go to mortgage underwriting with two different lenders at the same time?
How does a lender compute equity requirement for PMI?
Choose online stock trading companies
check deposit question
does one have to keep stock until the dividend payment date to get the dividend? (Record Date vs Payment Date)
How to adjust additional cost from wash sale transaction on form 8949
How do you Record Revenue from ads?
calculation of real inflation rate in india?
Japanese citizen is a primary beneficiary of my IRA What is the process for her to inherit my IRA?
Where do I deduct convention registration expenses?
Saving for a non-necessity
Is buying puts on a ten-year treasury ETF a good way to hedge mortgage rates?
Indian citizen. Moving to Brunei. Working as freelancer for US company. In which account do I get my salary transferred?
Reclaiming withheld income from past year 1042-S
Just getting started and not sure where to go from here
What is the &#39;opportunity cost&#39; for delaying charitable donations, and when to grant them?
Freelancer - taxes in India for working for Spainish company
What are the tax implications on selling my second home?
NRE account in indian bank have to pay Income Tax in India
Thoughts on a condo vs apartment
Does a 401k contribution help you contribute to a Roth IRA?
If an option&#39;s price is 100% made up of its intrinsic value, is there a way to guarantee a non-loss while having a chance at a profit?
Online tools for ordering FTSE by P/E
How can I make a SIMPLE IRA employee contribution for 2014 in March 2015?
valuing options
State income taxes
US citizen to receive money from mother British Overseas Citizen as gift money
What size &quot;nest egg&quot; should my husband and I have, and by what age?
I accidentally charged sales tax to a tax exempt client. Can I simply refund them?
historical data for analysing pensions
Property Tax Deduction in Illinois After Home Sale
Who can I consult about paying off my student loan?
Gift Tax form Non-US Personal
Is renting out a house still a lot of trouble if you rent through a real estate agency?
Credit increase hurt loan chances?
Stock portfolio value &amp; profit in foreign currency
Borrowing from my brother for the downpayment of house?
How can an Indian purchase shares of a US based non-listed corporation?
Travelling abroad: is EUR or USD card better?
Navient Student Loans
How to fill out W4 correctly when I have two jobs?
How do I compensate for an incorrect 1099-MISC?
What information is needed for a wire transfer?
Time to receive foreign dividends (SET) to N. America
Is APR the same as Interest Per Annum?
Do overall 401(k) contribution limits sum across employers?
What is the usual delay for a SEPA transaction?
How does delta of an option change with time if underlying price isconstant
How to calculate S corporation distribution from past K-1s?
Does Form 4868 (for a tax extension) need to be postmarked or received by April 15?
Enquire about a missing bank account which was opened by my deceased uncle in or around 1978 in Italy?
Shopping around for loans without detrimentally effecting credit rating/chance of getting said loan?
Pretax Medical Withholdings
What are the benefits of post-tax transit payroll deductions?
Sending income and lottery prizes to Tamilnadu, India from Singapore
My father, an NRI, sold inheirited land in India. He wants to move the money to the USA, with minimum tax. How to go about it?
Capital gains for agricultural land converted to non-agricultural land for the purpose of sale?
What are the tax implications of selling an investment property in india?
What are the Long Term Capital Gains for this real estate sale in India?
How do I get good tax advice?
How to withdraw money from an account with only an account number?
Amortizing bond premiums for corporate bonds?
Negotiating skill to purchase product from a company at best price
Reporting 988 transactions on tax returns?
How to amend an amended return?
Capital Gains Tax for State of Iowa: No distinction between short-term vs long-term gains?
Advice on strategy for when to sell
Which investment companies offer great online service and low cost index funds? I want to do everything online
Do I need ITIN as Japanese citizen to get my deposited money back?
What is vested stock and yearly dividends?
Underpaid federal tax by $5K in 2014 when claiming 0 with very &quot;standard situation&quot; (married filing jointly). Why?
How does this retirement fund calculator work?
Financially Shielded Entity Separating Individuals Behind It From Risks
Guidelines for scaling into an options position
Good habits pertaining to personal finance for someone just getting started?
file ITR for fixed deposit
Do I owe taxes if my deductions are higher than my income?
How to improve risk/reward profile of a calendar spread position
Why does the Fidelity Canadian Bond Fund have such a high beta? How is it measured?
Can the Home buyer&#39;s Plan (HBP) RRSP repayment start from the same year in which the loan is taken?
Is a previous year Roth IRA contribution possible since I have to resubmit the previous years taxes?
Do I need to pay state tax if I lived in a state for less than a week?
Which state do you pay taxes in if you work in a different state than your employer? Specifically, if you live DC and work for a company in New York?
How is my &#39;Personal Investment Performance&#39; on my 401(k) calculated?
Multi-year delayed 401k payout check cash, which was originally a rollover into a new plan
Monthly investment in Lending club
The 25 times annual expenses rule and leaving no estate
Tax liability for stocks vested for a H1B visa holder
I want to open a multi-currency accounts with MXN currency
183 day rule in conjunction with expatriate
What is Fibonacci values?
Should I pay off a student loan before getting a mortgage, given I have a large deposit?
What is the difference between issuing company and holding company in a convertible bond
How do I record monetary advances and money spent thereof in personal accounting?
What is the most common and profitable investment for a good retirement in Australia?
How to report nominee dividend income claimed by another?
Buying Euros in a Canadian Trading Account
Moving to a state where my employer has no business set up - implications?
What can I claim when there is a loss in the business?
Is there a way to buy raw oil today and sell it in 1 year time?
Temporarily reduce 401k contributions to help save for a downpayment?
Does the CRA charge any penalty if you file a wrong tax return?
How is someone tax exempt at Walmart in Canada?
Is this the right tax statement for Roth IRA back conversion?
Remit money from US to India from my travellers account
Maximize my 401K and IRA, or save more for home downpayment?
Is there any way to pay online in a country with no international banking system
Please help - Complex F1 visa OPT tax question with 5 years presence, exempt FICA
What would the broker do about this naked call option?
What is the full formula for calculating a FICO 9 credit score?
Recapture (repay) all or part of that credit or deduction
Small capital investment in Germany
First time buyer interested in buy-to-let, bad idea?
How to consider the effect of margin call risk in a gamma scalping strategy
After hitting 80% LTV, my mortgage lender refuses to remove PMI. Any recourse?
Understanding the difference in exchange rates across banks and forex bureaus
Is there any minimum monthly payment required towards the margin amount borrowed from your broker?
Value of personal house turned rental
What is the best credit card for someone with no credit history
How does a person with a large equity in a company hedge his risk
Claiming apartment rent as unreimbursed employee expense
Resident Alien after substantial presence test, and employer did not deduct FICA for that year. What to do?
Buying shares in the UK
Am I calculating depreciation correctly?
How can banks pay interest on money they borrow from the FED?
Opinions on Retirement Planning
Can you pay for a friend&#39;s college tuition?
Car loan - Hard inquiry and credit score hit
Managing risk: financial risk due to future health problems as a dollar amount
Are there option strategies that exploit mergers and acquisitions events
Should I repay my Home Buyer&#39;s Plan (HBP) RRSP loan early, or over the allowed 15 years?
Capital Gains in an S Corp
Buy and sell stock at specific earnings
In what state should I register my web-based LLC?
Should I withdraw money from IRA or refinance home to pay credit card debt?
Are short term disability payments taxed?
Spousal RRSP account
Everyone says save at least 10% of your income. What counts as &quot;saving&quot;?
Will my father still be eligible for SNAP if I claim him as my dependent?
83b election - did not submit tax return for the taxable year of the election
Should I request an car loan before or after changing jobs?
Will dipping in to savings affect mortgage possibillities?
Thrift Saving Plan (TSP) Share Price Charts
How do I get my Loaned money back to US
Am I qualified for a moving expenses tax return
How to bump up my credit for buying a house in a year (open another card or not)
My medical bill went to a collection agency. Can I pay it directly to the hospital?
Formation of S-Corp for Gambling Trade
Should I file an amended return as I wrongly filed Form 1040 instead of Form 1040 NR?
Where can I get a list of all Stocks that were acquired or went bankrupt
Can I sell shares with old-fashioned paper certificates online?
Changing jobs but ended up in same city after moving away for a month. Can I deduct both ways?
Considerations for switching accountants?
Employer Matching Contributions
Income tax filing for F-1 OPT student non-resident in California
Square reported my credit card transactions as personal income?
Can I put what I earn from the sale of my house in the bank?
What strike to choose if I want to sell weekly calls against a long LEAP put
What is Bearish Bar Reversal?
How painful is it to break a room occupancy lease?
Where to park money from the sale of a rental property?
Should I choose not pay the fee for not having healthcare coverage in 2014
Are the tax rates same for income from salary, rental, and odd jobs?
Is my contribution to my company pension plan (not RRSP) considered tax deductible?
Calculate the optimum contribution to Provident Fund(PF) account
PF Calculation after and before September 2014
Can I cancel auto insurance for the car at home while travelling abroad?
How are bonuses taxed? Why is withheld amount not same as final amount?
Covered call and put options as separate trades
As a non-canadian resident can I get a mortgage loan in Canada?
Apartment lease renewal - is this rate increase normal?
How can I see the holdings of a mutual fund?
Filing Dual Status Return with one W-2 From Same Company
Handling rounding errors when picking cost basis
How Provident fund is calculated in india
What happens if futures contract seller defaults?
Where to report 1042-S income and federal tax withheld on form 1040?
Can the Philadelphia Center City District Tax be deducted on my Schedule-A?
Tax considerations for outsourcing freelance work to foreign country
Who can I contact for free help with certain IRS forms?
Income tax implications in India: sending money to ordinary OWN saving bank account
U.S. OTC Market Depth - Level 2?
Is it okay to be married, 30 years old and have no retirement?
Is interest from US Savings Bonds subject to nonresident alien tax withholding?
How do I enter Canadian tax info from US form 1042-S and record captial gains from cashing in stock options?
Paying an LLC Partner a Salary in New Jersey
I am a US citizen. Can I gift stock options to my parents in India?
1099-misc and self-employment tax while a resident alien?
Can compensation income from an employee stock purchase plan be negative?
Personal loans and their tax consequences?
Transferring money from Indian NRE account to UK
mortgage vs car loan vs invest extra cash?
Are non-US citizens trading on US stocks/options subject to tax?
Buy US ETF as foreigner -- a bad idea?
How can a U.S. citizen open a bank account in Europe?
Rate used for approval on a 5/5 ARM?
Buying car for cash or loan?
$1300 per month to invest... what do I do now?
IRS Rules for Canadian with US Bank Account
Building financial independence
Bank won&#39;t allow son to deposit a VA check payable to his mother into an account that he is on with her without her endorsement
Automatic Investment Plan - Non U.S resident
Student loans: Invest money until just before graduation (capitalization) or pay interest now?
Is it normal to pay 100% of the premium on a long-term disability policy from my employer?
What are the downsides to refinancing student loans?
Is there a catch in applying for a credit card with the first year free, then cancelling before paying for the 2nd year?
How do I enter my HSA in Turbo Tax Online?
Filing as Dual Status or Non-Resident if entered and exited the US in the same year
Can a new US resident safely open a bank account as a non-resident?
Investing in stock market or fixed deposit or real estate in india
What is the difference between paid-up capital and subscribed capital?
What are ECN fees?  Are ECN fees under an investor&#39;s control?  
Clarifications On PFIC Rules
US Taxes: Married Filing Separately vs Single Filing for NonResident Aliens
Can my non-US-resident LLC partner file a 1040NR-EZ?
S-Corp Distributions Estimated Tax Payments and Tax Brackets
Are 401K loan repayments considered tax deductible?
Should a retail trader focus on directional trading or volatility trading
How exactly do I determine my savings rate?
Employer is 1099ing me for RENT for live-on-site work
Is it true that if I work 6 months per year, it is better than to work for 1 calendar year and take a break for 1 year?
Transfering Funds from Israel to US
Options to remove PMI payment from mortgage
What is &quot;Last escrow analysis date&quot;?
Is &quot;affordable housing&quot; being added across the street from my condo likely to decrease my condo&#39;s value?
If I&#39;m audited, will the accountant who prepared my taxes charge me an additional fee to handle the audit?
How to book past year&#39;s transaction, performed in the current year?
Florida remote work for a Georgia based company
Why does the American Express credit application ask how you want your name to appear?
Is an ITM option bought/sold to close in addition to being assigned?
Should I contribute to my 401k with a high expense ratio and no matching?
Even payments between Primary and Secondary Bank sharing loans
How does a stock price chart compare to a performance chart?
First real estate investment $25,000+ not including possible mortgage
How can retail stock and options traders find trades with a clear defined positive edge
How can I file this year&#39;s tax return if I haven&#39;t got the refund from last year&#39;s return?
Where to find fund total assets?
How to hedge a long stock position that does not have options
Is there a way to make the mortgage interest or deduction apply towards next year&#39;s tax?
Question about using a VISA card to withdraw money from PayPal balance
Is investing in financial markets a gamble?
Are the &quot;debt reduction&quot; company useful?
Historical Stock Price Quote on delisted stock without knowing stock symbol as of quote date
For how many years after I file my tax do I need to retain my documents
Part III of Form 8889 (2014)
Can an undocumented immigrant in the US get a mortgage?
Do employer matching contributions in an RRSP count towards the contribution room?
Do algorithmic traders make money from short-term or long-term gains?
I own ASPIRO shares (Jay Z&#39;s new company). Now that it is going private, what about my shares?
How to select a bank based on availability in two areas?
What is an &quot;RRSP deduction limit&quot; for?
How does TFSA contribution room carryover work, e.g. unused amounts and withdrawals?
Should I use futures or options to hedge my long SPY position?
Recover abandoned US bank account
Can I exercise my put if a company goes bankrupt?
Why do deep in the money options trade below their intrinsic value?
How to find out false financial data
Can I submit a hospital bill for reimbursement from my FSA if I am on a 12mo payment plan?
Renters Question?
Is it a safe strategy to protect a high dividend stock with a collar?
Who is a &quot;Business Apprentice&quot; in the context of India-USA tax treaty?
Advantages of paying more of your mortgage while you know you won&#39;t continue to live there your whole life
Is the amount taxable if my grandfather sells agricultural land
Tax implication for Indian citizens working in US on L1 visa
What are the tax implications of selling shares inherited by me from my father and sharing the proceeds with my sister?
If I receive 150000$ in my Indian savings account how much tax i shall pay?
Tax implications in India for sending money to India from US
Is amount transferred by third party to savings account considered as income?
Tax implications on money transferred to NRO account
Best way to transfer abroad loan amount to Indian parents Savings Account
Will I have to pay tax in India for a transfer into my account from the US?
Transfer money from NRE account to a local Indian account
Will I pay tax in my account in India if I get a transfer from UK from a different party
After my father&#39;s death, how can I transfer 50% of an account to my sister in the most tax efficient way?
As US citizen want to send money to my parents account. Do they need to pay tax? If not how can they show that it is a gifted amount from my daughter?
Do I have to pay income tax if my friend uses my bank account to transfer funds to a third party?
Swap hedging a currency hedge
What is intrinsic value of stocks with diluted voting power?
Lending money to someone: how to book?
Should I Buy a House or Wait
Why don&#39;t forced buy-ins of short sold stock happen much more frequently?
NRI in US, how to receive money from India to US
1031 Exchange and Taxes?
Would you liquidate your 401k to pay off debt in this situation?
Home owners association for houses, pro/cons
How do I manage my portfolio as stock evaluation criteria evolve?
Did you maintain living quarters in New York?
How do I charge GST &amp; QST for my freelancing?
Reporting a tax refund from a previous year as income
&#39;When the rising rate cycle gives way to a decline in borrowing costs, bond funds will ...&#39;?
Can expense ratios for certain ETFs differ between brokerages?
How to calculate P/E ratio for S&amp;P500 sectors
Pros, cons, and taxation of Per Diem compensation?
How to get money from India to UAE
For an ETF, do different methods of weighting securities improve returns?
What does the -V indicate on MKC ticker
15 year mortgage vs 30 year paid off in 15
What are the difference between automated clearing house (ACH) and MasterCard/Visa in terms of money flows (when paying online)?
Why is a Roth 401(k) good if there is a long time before retirement?
How does credit card&#39;s online authentication work?
How will I pay for college?
How to systematically find sideways stocks?
Debt Relief Agency or cash out IRA?
A calculator that takes into account portfolio rebalancing?
Remittance to India from US in an Indian account?
In the US as an F-1 student, filed the wrong form last year
What to do of a reward card after it is empty?
What does &quot;retirement&quot; mean with regards to an RRSP and any early withdrawal penalty?
Buying out my leased car... residual price negotiable?
How do exchanges match limit orders?
Claim rental expenses as a tax credit
Finance basic question
&#39;longer-term/lower-coupon bonds&#39; vs &#39;shorter-term/higher-coupon bonds&#39;
Can I open a checking account online in the US without typical proof of residence?
Always invest in a bond ETF with at least inflation protection?
How are market orders matched?
US resident, Canadian citizen/non-resident tax questions: interest, TFSA, and dividends
How should I invest/spend this 50k inheritance?
How does a bank determine when to report you to Credit Bureaus when added as an Authorized User on a Credit Card?
Trying to transfer money from a Bank to Paypal account. Being asked for a valid Swift Code.
Extracting money from American Express card
How can I find a checking account that allows for automated transfers of dynamic amounts?
How is income from surveys taxed in the UK?
Soft Loan using a 0% APR credit Card
Optimal balence of 401K and charitable savings
Why can&#39;t 401(k) statements be delivered electronically?
Advice on money transfer from Canada to South Africa
Effect of a mistaken limit order on market price
Where can I cash a check in the USA Online instead of in person?
What factors should go into determining interest rates and other terms for a loan to small business?
do I need to close my existing ISA if I plan to open a &quot;Help to buy ISA&quot; in the Autumn?
How much tax credit I get for monthly metropass in toronto
Student Loan versus Cash ISA
What prevents interest rates from rising?
S&amp;P500 historical P/E ratios by sector
How difficult would it be to refinance a second mortgage?
HRA + Home Loan for under construction Property
Are U.S. Social Security payroll contributions and state taxes deductible from taxable income for India?
Indian resident owning dividend-paying shares in company based in France: Can I save on withholding tax?
How do I loan money as a non-resident Indian (NRI)?
401k Withdrawal In US, RNOR Status, and Tax in India
What is the source of income for a hedged portfolio
Should I take a personal loan for my postgraduate studies?
Virtual (one-time) card number expiration period
Income tax laibility in India for Stock traded in USA as a resident Indian
Ways to avoid being labeled a pattern day trader
How Is the Price of a Stock Determined?
When do I need to return short stock to the lender
Differences in taxes paid for W2 employee vs. 1099 contractor working on sites like ODesk.com?
How to send full loan amount to India from Saudi Arabia?
Can my federal adjusted gross income differ by $1 between my federal and state returns?
Are there special tax implications when paying for services in the next year? In another country
Gift tax exemption amount on funds transferred to parents joint account from US to India
Is there any possibility of doing an equity release deal on a property you don&#39;t (currently) own?
Is the Investopedia simulator an accurate representation of real stock trading?
How do I correct and countersign a check with date error?
How is minimum payment calculated for this daily amortized loan?
what is a mortgage gift exchange?
How to fill Form 8889 (HSA) Part III?
Is there any reason not to put a 35% down payment on a car?
Currency forecasts for ordinary people
Filling form 8889 Part I and form 1040 line 25
Would it ever be a bad idea to convert a traditional IRA to a Roth IRA with the following assumptions?
Need to pay for urgent care that did nothing but send me to the ER?
How much does the volatility change for a 1$ move in the underlying
When an investor makes money on a short, who loses the money?
How does per-annum depreciation for taxes work after the first year of depreciation?
Taxable Website Ad Revenue
What is the Average Yield on High-Grade Corporate Bonds as of Now?
Exposure to Irish Housing Market
Is it usual for a tradesperson not to charge VAT?
Index ETF or Index mutual fund - standard brokerage account
Does Income Tax have to be paid in India if i am paying IT abroad also and i am not a NRI
How do I know if refinance is beneficial enough to me?
Is Income coming into saving account in India from Dubai is taxable?
Self-Employed Individual 401k Contribution Tax Questions
What is the difference between spot forex trading and cfd forex trading?
Help me understand Forex in Interactive Brokers
Forex, trading &quot;currencies&quot; or trading &quot;relations&quot;?
Forex trading in US
How do I find a broker that is good at providing forex trading (i.e. foreign exchange / currency)?
Do I have an option to transfer parent plus loans to myself?
How is salary of an owner get determined in a small business?
What is the difference between owning shares in a company, having a percentage in a company, and owning convertible debt
When filing taxes in Canada, in what cases does box 39 on the T4 get reported as half of box 38?
How to invest in drones?
Still invest in 401K with a high expense ratio?
Estimate a future option price given greeks and a 1$ move in underlying
Estimating rates on potential loans without officially applying
Advice to decide on buying a newer model used car or old one
direct registration system vs brokerage firm
How to recover value from a term life insurance policy?
Roth IRA withdrawal taxes for nonresident aliens after age 59 1/2?
How do you report S-corporation Shareholder loans / capital contributions?
NASDAQ real-time trades: How determine the BUYS from the SELLS?
Why should I care about my current mortgage payment&#39;s breakdown into principal and interest?
What is most time-efficient way to track portfolio asset allocation?
Forgot to sign at the bottom of money order
Do &quot;Instant Approved&quot; credit card inquires appear on credit report?
Using a brand name in a product which I will sell
What is the principle of forming an arbitrage strategy?
Book or web site resources for an absolute beginner to learn about stocks and investing?
What&#39;s the difference between a company&#39;s after-tax profit and their sales/revenue?
Hong Kong - What&#39;s the difference between Current Account and Savings Account here
Moved to the USA from Canada; what is best to do with RRSP?
self directed RRSP for a non resident
Buying a house 50/50
To whom should I report fraud on both of my credit cards?
Investing in stocks in US for non-US citizen
India Freelancer - how to get money directly in bank account (without PayPal), how to pay tax for this extra income
How do I transfer/cash-in stocks from another country?
Tax implications of owning a Roth IRA as a Canadian resident?
Is there a free online credit report service in Canada?
Why the total value of the whole economy is constantly appreciating?
Shares in Chinese startup company
Calculate Future Value with Recurring Deposits
What is equity capital?
Do proceeds from a sale count as income for the decedent or the estate when agreement is prior to death and payment is after?
What Percentage of my Income do I Have to Pay in Employment Insurance (EI) Deductions?
What is the relation between the price of crude and the corresponding ETF
Using stock options to lower income tax in the USA?
Can I file taxes on a home based business and deduct expenses even if I don&#39;t generate income?
Do I pay withholding tax on a US company trading on TSE
Why use accounting software like Quickbooks instead of Excel spreadsheets?
Gift Tax and LLC with foreign partners
do i need to pay tax in US for the provident fund and gratuity money that i received after quitting Indian IT company while i was deputed in US
What happens when a stock gets delisted?
Who creates money? Central banks or commercial banks?
Can I become a secondary lessee with no credit history?
Including 401(k) contributions on Canadian tax return
What is the opposite of a sunk cost? A &quot;sunk gain&quot;?
How should I record invoices in foreign currency in GNUCash?
How to hedge volatility decreases
Can I freeze my credit file with no credit history?
Price/Time priority order matching - limit order starvation
$65000/year or $2500 every two weeks: If I claim 3 exemptions instead of zero, how much would my take home pay be?
Never filed my taxes for many years in British Columbia. What can I do?
How to deal with IRS response of no action to 83(b) election?
1 EIN doing business under multiple business names
What are libor swap rates?
How to build a U.S. credit history as a worker on a visa?
Higher returns from international markets?
As non-resident of NJ, should I mention all my earnings on NJ tax return?
Why use ROI if I can use effective compount interest?
As a J-1 visa holder, am I allowed to make additional income in the US?
Is there any emprical research done on &#39;adding to a loser&#39;
Tax implications for receiving a car as compensation for work
Public source for SWAP rates
Is Buying American Shares in Canada a Good Idea?
Do I have to pay a capital gains tax if I rebuy the same stock within 30 days?
Should I move out of my actively managed IRA at Fidelity and put it all in index funds?
Why do I have a negative profit?
How do rich people guarantee the safety of their money, when savings exceed the FDIC limit?
How can I import customers and invoices from a previous year&#39;s Gnucash file?
Payment default penalties on annuities
What is a &quot;Spread&quot; (In Commodities)
What does a negative balance in a checking account mean?
Withdrawal of MPF after 60-years old
What is a 10 Year Treasury Note and How Can it be Used to Calculate the Intrinsic Value of a Stock?
Is a pension considered part of an estate
401k plan employee rights?
Mortgage vs. Loan?
Why are contactless cards so heavily advertised?
Differing Credit Scores
What is &quot;financial literacy&quot; and how does one become &quot;financially literate&quot;?
Why deep in the money options have very low liquidity
How much CMHC fee do I need to pay if I cannot put 20% down on a new home
Withdrawing from RRSP to pay income tax owed to CRA?
Does the growth rate of SPY published by morningstar include the dividend yield
Reporting ESPP ordinary income on shares purchased living in Europe
Auto Loan just to improve already excellent credit
Passive vs. active investing past performance comparison/data?
How to withdraw money from currency account without having to lose so much to currency conversion?
Can I deposit money in Indian PPF account while living in US
Do tax preparers have to report findings of illegal activities to any IRS?
Is there a rule that a merchant must identify themself when making a charge
Is an analyst&#39;s &quot;price target&quot; assumed to be for 12 months out?
Should I cash out my annuity and pay the surrender fee?
Show liability payments with expenses?
Do i need to declare property in India when living in USA
Receiving payment as a freelancer in India from different countries
1040NR-EZ: Previous year&#39;s paid state tax &amp; Itemized deductions
Deducting home costs if I work from home on the side?
How to report 1099 Misc income while working for a different employer
What type of best bank account to store your savings in?
Tax Deduction under section 80C for Indian with foreign family Paying International Premium
How can I diversify investments across currencies in ISA?
Personal bank account for non-resident in UK
With no pay stub, could employer be screwing us over?
What is the big deal about the chinese remnibi trading hub that opened in toronto
Selling stock for mortgage downpayment
Why was my credit card just cancelled?
Received Stock options as UK Employee, however exercised the stock as a Canadian Employee. What is my tax liability?
What happen if I don&#39;t pay credit card and leave the country
Is there a sell-side version of dollar-cost averaging?
Starting with Stocks or Forex?
Does 1098-T need to be filed by student?
Getting (historical) Standard &amp; Poor Stock Guides
Tax consequences of working for US company from India
I&#39;m working in London and I&#39;m earning in GBP how can I transfer the money to India what taxes would be incurred
What margin is required to initiate and maintain a short sale
Dividend arbitrage using in the money puts
When is there a difference between short- and long-term capital gains?
US tax Implications on (sort of) buying a house in India
Minors and taxes?
Form 4797 for listed property that never exceeded 50% business use
Principal amount on house loan shown in saving 80C
From India, and also worked in Kuwait in 2014. Do I owe income tax in India?
Canada: can an international student file tax return for past four years
Tax Exemption on Home loan on property on Father&#39;s name in INDIA
Municipal Bond Fund tax risks?
Income tax India change of form for defective return
How to incorporate dividends while calculating annual return of a Stock
What is an Installment Rate Percentage?
Income tax on my online drop-shipping business (India)
Mortgage for a house on my own land doesn&#39;t make sense!
The Pure Expectations Theory - Term Structure of Interest Rates
Where to get analysis of company finances and business position
Capital gains on foreign investment?
Can I get home loan and claim tax benefit if I repay the loan for a property in India which is in my mother&#39;s name?
How can I buy an OTC stock listed in Nasdaq from India?
Receiving money from Paypal via a friend in different country
Are there statistics showing percentage of online brokerage customers that are actually making a profit trading forex/futures/options?
Why won&#39;t my retirement account let me write a &quot;covered put&quot;?
Are there any exchanges in which you can place orders that exceed your funds, but which won&#39;t get filled when funds run out?
Can an early withdrawal from a Traditional IRA be done in two parts?
Do I need to pay tax if I earned 10 pounds interest from peer-to-peer investment?
How to know when to buy british pound
Paying a Navient Loan&#39;s Principal
Why are interbank payment (settlement) systems closed for weekends and holidays?
Can self-employed individuals deduct their mileage spent commuting to events?
What&#39;s the difference between &quot;Index&quot; and &quot;Accumulation&quot; tracker funds?
How do you write a check with cents?
Freelance site with lowest commission fees?
Trying to understand the toxicity of a Leveraged ETF as a hedge
What to do with $50,000?
How to troubleshoot identity verification issue when requesting credit report?
What is the expected value of a bond coupon payment?
What to do with this cash- pay off ONE card, or pay down a few?
How do I find out the Earnings Per Share of a Coca Cola Co Share?
Buying a home-Make as large a downpayment as possible, or keep cash to invest
Withrdraw funds that were converted from Traditional IRA to Roth IRA
Checks made out to multiple parties with &#39;and&#39;. How can I deposit it with one signature?
Calculating a simply complicated return?
What are the possible negative repurcussions of letting the IRS compute the taxes, as described in instructions for Form 1040A, Line 28?
What are the real risks in &quot;bio-technology&quot; companies?
What is the meaning of &quot;writing put options&quot;?
Family/divorce lawyer wants large retainer before taking on case. Is this normal?
United Kingdom: Where to save money for a property deposit
Is it possible to negotiate getting a better credit card tier without the annual fee?
Should my mother be an Independent Contractor or my Employee (for tax purposes) as she provides babysitting services to my young children?
True cost of a mortgage when considering inflation
How to improve Gnucash QIF import matchings by adding account to each transaction
How can I sell INTEL covered calls?
Where should I take some money from after retirement? (IRA, 401K, Roth, Taxable)
The risk of shared family plan for cellphone
Could my employer give me a raise in terms of employer 401k contributions instead of salary?
How much tax should I pay in US on interest earned on my NRE a/c in India?
1040 or 1040NR this time?
How do I Fundamentally Analyze this Stock so I may see if the Company is Running Well?
In NYC is there sales tax on services like computer / cell phone repair?
List: Books for passive ETF and mutual funds investors
Can I contribute to a 401k for employer matching and then immediately withdraw it?
What is the standard deviation and mean return of oil?
send money from US to India in parent&#39;s saving a/c
Letting someone else pay in a check (made out to me) to their account?
How do I account for a forced buyback (repurchase) of shares if I buy them back within 30 days?
How Do I Make Sure the IRS Receives My Tax Return on Time?
Need to add someone to Bank of America savings account
PersonalCapital.com with history
Buy to Let - Daughter-in-Law
Income Tax in India for variable Income
Tax liability in US for LLC&#39;s owned by an Indian Citzen
As a contractor, should I overpay my mortgage or contribute to a pension?
Personal &quot;Profit &amp; Loss Statement&quot; required for mortgage?
Should I keep online bill-pay confirmation numbers?
What&#39;s the proper way of dividing income/deductions wages between two states?
Transfer money from foreign account to Indian bank account?
UK - reclaim VAT on purchases for freelance work
Do I retain the dividend if I buy back a short stock before the ex dividend date
Buying a UK property but from another country
Tax exemptions for US stocks held in a Candian account
Foreign currency losing value -- can I report this as a loss for tax purposes?
Contribute to RRSP without deducting?
Is there a way to open a U.S. bank account for my LLC remotely?
Understanding the Home renovation tax credit in ontario
Work on the side for my wife&#39;s company
While working overseas my retirement has not gone into a retirement account. Is it going to kill me on the FAFSA?
Rebate on Home Loan Interest for second home loan
Should I wait until I absolutely need the money to draw income from Social Security?
What does it mean when a company will be conducting a non-renounceable entitlement offer?
How does it look to jump around from bank to bank?
If I join a prop trading firm, will I enjoy low commissions
Dollar transfering from australia to India and back to Australia
Over payment via autopay
How can I compare my portfolio to others&#39; portfolios?
What happens if I receive a refund on a credit card with $0 balance?
Meaning: &#39;pay the piper on the bottom line&#39;
How do I judge if I am being made a fair offer by a car insurance company?
Do I just let an options conversion/reversal trade go to expiration?
Am I a tenant in common by mortgaging my share?
What is the pitfall of using the Smith maneuver
Can a Covered Call be called away before the expiration date?
Selecting between investment vehicles for income
Traditional firms vs. Computer managed firms for investing
Filling Balance sheet in ITR4 for freelancers
can foreign income be used to pay Home loans without paying any taxes?
Get historical list of companies in Russell 3000 index?
How to correct a tax return filed electronically and already approved?
ETFs mirroring consistently outperforming companies?
How should I decide in what order to sell shares from different lots?
How to avoid/limit currency exchange fees?
Is there a good forum where I can discuss individual US stocks?
USA: Foreign currency savings, trades and tax implications
Looking to invest a part of my savings in state loans (bonds), how do I approach this?
Investing in low cost index fund -- does the timing matter?
Does an understanding of synthetic options give any edge to the retail trader
How to account for Unrealized Gains in a Trial Balance?
Selling a portion of stock shares where the funds have settled
European stock trading sites
Why is this option trade considered over the counter
Managing Multiple Funds in One Checking Account
Why do options skip May/June?
What Canadian account number format do European banks need for wire transfer instructions?
Price graphs: why not percent change?
Accounting for small business inventory: different beginning inventory
What is the risk in capturing dividends using a covered call?
What is the difference between the closing date and due date for a credit card?
Indian income tax 2014-2015
Is the average cost considered while calculating capital gain
Direct Mutual funds in India through Demat
Question related to Public Provident Fund interest calculation
Can I deduct a 2013 donation to charity on my 2014 tax return?
UK Citizen, Japanese Resident - where do I pay tax for royalties paid to UK bank?
Can somebody give a brief comparison of TSP and IRAs?
Demand for investment-grade bonds with more than 10% coupon?
No maturity, for bonds in ETFs or bond ETFs?
What&#39;s a good free checking account?
Can I gift money out of a UTMA account to my child&#39;s sibling?
Is there a standard or best practice way to handle money from an expiring UTMA account?
Want to put at least $500/yr away for my niece, but NOT for education. Choices?
Bond funds&#39; interest rate risk profile
If bonds&#39; current yields soar, then should you hold yours until maturity?
How to handle two K-1 forms from same company?
How do practically determine a house&#39;s value
Moved with my girlfriend for her new job, I paid moving expenses, which she later repaid. Can she claim moving deduction? (USA)
Employer reimbursment of health care
2014 Tax Fee For One Month Without Healthcare
When filing taxes can I apply deductions of the current year for a future year instead?
Bonds: Inflation, Real Interest Rate, Price, Current Yield
Are donations to public schools tax deductible like a 501(c)(3) organization?
Deflation Risk on TIPS
Risk and reward of a synthetic option position
If banks started simply depositing money with each other, then what else?
Fill Up USA TAX
Calculate Months Until Loan Break-Even (Lender Perspective)
Moving reimbursement qualifies as accountable, taxed as non-accountable
Is there a difference between &quot;internalization&quot; and &quot;dark pools&quot;?
What is considered high or low when talking about volume?
Interest Rates and Inflation
Investors may never recover ... losses from bond funds?
Am I being charged taxes on my grocery purchases at Walmart?
Is there any data that shows how diversifying results in better returns than just sticking to an all-stock portfolio?
import and export taxes on GOLD
Why does interest rate go up when bond price goes down?
Does anyone know where I can find a free efficient frontier tool, or an informative and legitamate/academic graph of the efficient frontier?
My Co-Signer is the Primary Account Holder for my Car Loan - Does this affect my credit?
Are there any disadvantages to having multiple IRA accounts?
Over the long term, why invest in bonds?
Can unpaid tax debt to IRS lead to a bad credit?
How do I calculate my net worth according to the book &quot;The Millionaire Next Door&quot;?
Ideal net worth by age X? Need comparison references
Using a cash account can someone trade all day on it?
How to fill L1 of California 540NR Schedule D as a part-year resident?
How to report short term capital loss occurred between 16-Mar and 31-Mar in ITR2?
Can people make a profit (in gift cards) when shopping with enough coupons?
Questions related to leave travel allowance
Tax implications of selling a non-owner-occupied house and receiving installments
How do used vehicle exchange programs at car dealerships work?
A record of deposits for Roth IRA?
Check expiry date
Check expiry date
Profit and loss graph of long call with many days to go before expiry
UK taxation for options and futures trading
Should I keep most of my banking, credit, and investment accounts at the same bank?
What are the complications of making different signatures?
What will my taxes be as self employed?
How to increase my credit score
How do you choose which mortgage structure is appropriate when buying a home?
If I plan to buyout my lease car at the end, do I still pay for excess mileage/wear?
Investing in EIS and SEIS
In what circumstances will a bank waive the annual credit card fee?
Exchange rate $ ETF,s
Understanding Put Options
1099 to an S Corporation
Do my kids need to file a tax return?
Sell a stock and buy a new one
Is it safe to scan debit card&#39;s front and back side for my broker?
Apply for credit card online and get card # immediately?
In Australia, how to battle credit card debt?
Using credit cards online: is it safe?
How often do stocks become worthless?
Fixed Deposit or Recurring in ICICI
Possible to remove condo townhouse fees?
Why do people take out life insurance on their children? Should I take out a policy on my child?
what is a meaning of inclearing check that has remained outstanding for escheated accounts?
Can personal banking customers use the BMO Harris Bank remote cheque deposit system?
Equifax credit score discrepancy in 1 month, why?
How should I pay off my private student loans that have a lot of restrictions?
Am I obligated to file through a tax preparer after an unsatisfactory consultation?
What are Some Good Low Cost Index Funds to Invest in for the Long Term?
Can I avoid an audit by submitting documents early?
Can I use an FSA from multiple employers in a year?
What scrutiny to expect if making large purchase with physical cash?
Received Check as Business Before Having Funds to Start the LLC
Do I have to pay tax on my last pay check which is the first of the tax year?
How to treat miles driven to the mechanic, gas station, etc when calculating business use of car?
UK Income tax relief for ISAs: How does the sheltering of earnings work?
Odds of early assignment for a short in the money call
mortgage/title and gift giving tax law question
Trading an FHA loan to bank for an REO
Investment Options for 14-year old?
What are the reasons to get more than one credit card?
If I short-sell a dividend-paying stock, do I have to pay the dividend?
Flex spending accounts and hsa when changing jobs
Are health insurance premiums obtained through ACA deductible for the self employed?
How can I judge loan availability?
Net income correlation with Stock Price
What is the meaning of this information in my broker account?
How can a credit card company make any money off me? I have a no-fee card and pay my balance on time
Is SoFi too good to be true?
Can I and should I put my dad&#39;s Parent PLUS student loan under my name?
Transfer a Public Provident Fund account from minor to major in India
USA H1B Employee - Capital gains in India from selling selling stocks
Non-resident alien in the US working in Canada under a TN Visa - Determining sponsor for tax purposes?
How much of my capital should I spend on subscribing to a stock research company?
What happens if the appraisal is different than the sale price?
What are the trading cost differences between stocks and mutual funds in 401k account?
Worked as a non-resident alien in the US (Canadian citizen and resident) for a few months under a TN visa, how do I file a tax refund?
Is Schedule C appropriate for single-owner S Corporation elected company (Domestic For-Profit Corporation) registered in Washington, D.C.?
How do I know what is the current market interest rate for bonds?
why would closing price of a stock be different from different sources, and which would you take as the real price?
Can I max out both an SEP and Roth IRA in the same year?
What to do with your savings in Japan
Calculating equity split in selling a property
Should I prioritize paying down my higher interest debt over building an emergency fund, or vice-versa?
irr calculation on stock with dividends
FAFSA, internship and a new house
What is the difference between speculating and investing?
What exactly is BATS Chi-X Europe?
Claiming against visa rental car insurance
Where to find information about taxes in order to compare job offers?
Invest in (say, index funds) vs spending all money on home?
How do I calculate yearly rate of return on my investments?
Can an individual investor easily trade options for NASDAQ-CM equities?
Indian Citizen Getting Paid for Working as Writer for US News Organization
Max IRA contributions and expensive 401(k) plan with no match. Where else to invest?
Taxes on cash gift from relatives in the Philippines?
Can I use Quicken asset class information to rebalance my portfolio?
Write off bedroom as office
Calculating historic S&amp;P 500 returns
Working from home in Vermont as W2 employee for employer in California. Need I file a CA tax return?
ESPP cost bases for 2014 taxes
Do stock option prices predicate the underlying stock&#39;s movement?
What happens when &quot;bill pay&quot; check does not get cashed
If I am Indian citizen residing in US and earning there, do I have to pay taxes to India?
a &quot;fully&quot; American option strategy?
[UK] What are the consequences of transferring ownership (not selling) a vehicle on tax, licensing and future resale value?
Should I Have Received a 1099-G?
Equity dilution above or below book value
What laws govern check clearing in the US?
How do banks handle post-dated checks deposited via the ATM?
Can I claim a child as a dependent on my tax return as a J-1 visa holder?
GnuCash Custom Bar chart report
Looking for a good source for Financial Statements
One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this?
Do I have to file two tax returns if I am employed and self-employed?
Which is better when working as a contractor, 1099 or incorporating?
How can people have such high credit card debts?
Do you pay taxes on stock gains that are just returning to their original purchase price?
How much risk should I take for each stock I trade?
Understanding the synthetic long put option
How do I know what credit card to sign up?
How should accounting software be categorized in terms of business expense?
Should the amounts in W-2 Box 14 appear in Box 14 in TurboTax?
Paid extra tax. Do I need to get a corrected 1099G?
How do I deduct state tax overpayment when going from &quot;married filing jointly&quot; to &quot;single&quot;
Is laminate flooring an &quot;Improvement&quot; or &quot;Depreciable Property&quot;?
I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment?
Paying over the minimum mortgage payment
Does it affect our credit score if we refinance one mortgage and apply for a new one within a short span?
Any difference between buying a few shares of expensive stock or a bunch of cheap stock
Found an old un-cashed paycheck. How long is it good for? What to do if it&#39;s expired?
How does start-up equity end up paying off?
Can my U.K. limited company buy real estate in an other country?
Strategic countermeasures to overcome crisis in Russia
How can the interest on a savings account be higher than the mortgage rate?
Does settlement of second mortgage count as short sale?
Financial product with high variance, instead of lottery
Is it legal to have a Savings account in india while I am working in the US
Does owning BP ADR from US stock market required to pay custody fees
Self Employed, but not required to pay estimated taxes?
Can I claim my daughter as a dependent on my 2014 tax return even though she got married in August?
Am I investing properly for my future?
If the put is more expensive than the call, what does it mean
How do I account for 100 percent vendor discounts in GnuCash 2.6.5
To pay off a student loan, should I save up a lump sum payoff payment or pay extra each month?
Where to find the full book of outstanding bids/asks for a stock?
Can I contribute to a Roth IRA while living and working overseas?
If I buy a $0 subsizided phone with a carrier, can my credit card extended warranty apply to the phone purchase?
Portfolio Diversity : invest $4000 into one account or $1000 into 4 accounts?
Insurance, healthcare provider, apparent abuse, lack of transparency
Should I use 529 plan?
Are individual allowed to use accrual based accounting for federal income tax?
Tax Implications - First 2-Family Rental Property
Is corporate housing provided as part of a relocation package tax-deductible?
Is it worth contributing to my 401k if I will only stay with the company a short time?
Saving $1,000+ per monthwhat should I do with it?
How to evaluate growth stocks
Can someone explain to me how should I go about paying off my student loans?
How can I resolve a missing credit card reward check?
As an investor, should I care about voting rights and pre-emption? (UK)
Is there any way to transfer student loan debt to my independent contracting business?
Unused Education Tax Credit carryover amounts in ON Canada
What is the penalty for having an HSA and Medicare?
What investments work for these goals?
Independent IT Consultant with annual fees less than 10lacs
Whats tips do you have for someone beginning to invest in property?
Does dividends lead to early assignment of put option, or just call option
Why would I choose a 40-Year depreciation instead of the standard 27.5-Year?
Defaulting on early termination charges out of a phone contract
Can I change banks for my HSA account?
Where can you find dividends for Australian Stock Market Shares (ASX) for more than 2 years of data?
What is the best way to calculate total yield on a stock portfolio?
Car taken out in a dealer
Child is on the way, invest for college and car fund options - opinions
Avoid exorbitant costs when forced to break a lease
What, if any, are the downsides of direct deposit?
Should I pay off my credit card online immediately or wait for the bill?
Where do I-Bonds fit into personal finance plans?
Make Visa, hybrid debit/credit card default to credit mode?
How much time does a doctor&#39;s office have to collect balance from me?
Loan to son - how to get it back
Is a naked put really that risky
How do currency markets work? What factors are behind why currencies go up or down?
Can I deduct the full amount of a rental loss in two states?
Oil and Major North American Pipelines
Do I have to wash money through HSA account?
How to deal with intraday prices conflicting with EOD highs and lows
What is HSA contribution limit with 75% HRA compensation?
When using an HSA debit card for qualified medical expenses, do you typically need to mail your provider proof?
How to pay bills for one month while waiting for new job?
Investing in trust for someone else
How do celebrities protect their banking-related identity?
Redirecting my portion of beneficiary IRA?
Buyout information
Is the education provided by OIC good
Will being added as an authorized CC user help or hurt in the short term?
Does mutual fund front-load fee count toward IRA contribution limits?
Should I try to get an old late credit card payment removed?
Calculating cost basis
VAT and German freelance working on international project
Equity As Part of Compensation
How soon (after your first credit card statement ever) do you get a credit file/history in Canada?
Calculating total number of monthly payments in Excel using NPER and PMT?
Placing bid in market price
Is stock trading based more on luck than poker playing?
Living in my own rental property
What&#39;s best investment option? Mutual fund or Property
Credit card issued against my express refusal; What action can I take?
Does paying off a car loan increase or reduce a persons credit score?
Ripped plastic Canadian currency/bills
Why does money value normally decrease?
new car loan vs use mortgage loan to pay for car
From ACH direct debit to Prepaid card?
To sell the house or not to sell the house?
How to convert QFX and QIF file to Excel
How do market indices translate to dollar values?
Reporting a debt with $0 minimum payment on loan application
Extracting the value of a rate increase
Making sense of mutual fund returns
Need advice recovering money lost due to debit card fraud! Bank wont help!
Sell your home and invest in growth stock mutual fund
Frustrated Landlord
What are some ways to mitigate the risks of covered calls?
Paid via PayPal with bank account, but was a couple dollars short
Net Cash Flows from Selling the Bond and Investing
Can preventive health checkup be claimed as a separate expense from medical expenses?
Online resources for understanding credit reports, including a sample?
super confused about bid and ask size. help
Will a credit card issuer cancel an account if it never incurs interest?
Retail bokerage sites that can help with Flex/CFlex Options?
Receive credit card payment sending my customer details to a credit card processing company?
What is meant by pensionable earnings
I&#39;m a college student. Can I afford to buy this new car?
Will using margin always lower my sharpe ratio
How to calculate and claim AMT credit
Is the money that you get back from deposits or rebates taxable?
In the UK, what counts as realised profits for dividend purposes?
If I put a large down payment (over 50%) towards a car loan, can I reduce my interest rate and is it smart to even put that much down?
Trading : how to deal with crashes (small or big)
How can I refinance or get out of a car loan I am upside down on?
Current Account Monthly Pay In
What are the pros/cons of these investment types?
Magazine subscription leads to unauthorized recurring payment
Xfer 401K after starting distribution to another 401K or alternate plan
What&#39;s the difference, if any, between stock appreciation and compound interest?
How can I fundraise in School?
How are futures contracts setup at an exchange?
How can I receive money in the US without having a work visa?
How to protect myself against unauthorized recurring CC charges?
How Credit Card company makes money (when considering rewards and pay full balance every month)
How can I send a 1099-Misc if a contractor won&#39;t provide an EIN or SSN?
How to transfer money to yourself internationally?
I received a refund when I did not return the item, and they won&#39;t reverse the refund? At what point is that considered &quot;my money&quot;?
Managing account other than salary account
How do public-company buyouts work?
How can I pull a credit report on my 20-year-old son?
Is it smart to only invest in mid- and small-cap stock equity funds in my 401(k)?
How do I buy and sell money as an investment online?
Capital gains on sale of property taken using housing loan
Sleazy Bait and Switch Marketing -- Is this legal?
How to donate to charity that will make a difference?
Annual percentage rate conversion into compound monthly rate - for each month?
Could e-file rejection rule 1040A-030-01 be due to rounding?
Declare Bankruptcy or Just Wait Seven Years?
Can my U.K. limited company lend money to a director or another person?
How does a company get money by going public in an IPO?
What are some time tested passive income streams?
Why Does My Tax Free Savings Account Say I Have 0 Contribution Room as of 2015?
Tax implications of restricted stock units
Employer wants a key man insurance policy on me, should I agree?
Investment property refinance following a low appraisal?
Social Security and Medicare deductions/payments
I&#39;m being asked for installment tax payments, but I just started as a salaried employee. What should I do?
Opening a bank account in HSBC without visiting
How to determine the cost basis on primary home converted to rental (for depreciation)
Setting up a tax deferring IRA
Not sure whether to File this Year
Purchasing first car out of college
Do corporate stock splits negate share repurchase programs?
What are some tips for getting the upper hand in car price negotiations?
Tax Self Assessment for (UK) Employees
How to determine contractor hourly rate and employee salary equivalents?
What are the rules regarding HSA spending on Medical/Dental tourism?
To what extent are wedding prices negotiable?
Paying off debts
In the event of a corporate spin-off, how can I calculate the correct cost basis for each company&#39;s shares?
In double entry book keeping terminology, what is the term or expression for when a journal entry both debits and credits the same account?
Sales Tax Licence/Permit - When is it required and how can I make a use of it as a non-US resident selling in USA?
Tax on irregular freelance work
Book for balance sheet reading?
Pay off no interest loan with a personal loan?
What home expenses can I claim back from working full time at home for a business in the UK?
Which tax year does a bonus fall under in Ireland?
Is a US expat with savings in multiple currencies considered to be investing in the non-USD currency?
Can I deduct remaining LLC losses against W2 wages once the LLC is dissolved?
US Citizen living and working in Canada for US company - HST?
Affordable Care Act Documentation
2 names on US tax refund, filed as &#39;single&#39;
Accepting a deposit into my mortgage from a third party and paying them interest
How to calculate cash loss over time?
Tax implications of using FSA funds during grace period
How do people trade stocks outside of the price step range? (Selling at $1.5 when you can only enter trades for $1 and $2)
Why at the money option has higher theta than out of money option
Can my UK limited company claim tax relief on donations to foreign charities?
How can I determine which is right for me, RRSP or TFSA, if any at all?
TFSA vs. RRSP... Best retirement approach
Optimal Asset Allocation
Make IRA contributions all at once or periodically throughout the year?
I landed in the US on 16th Aug 2014 &amp; my wife/kid joined me on 26th Sept 2014. What is my residency status for filing my tax returns for 2014?
MasterCard and SWIFT
How does an FSA work with rebates?
How do we calculate the gain on primary residence that was converted to rental for two years?
What time period is used by yahoo finance to calculate beta
How to calculate Annual Percentage Rate of a loan with unequal periodic payments?
Can you recommend some good websites/brokers for buying/selling stocks in India?
Is a child also a dependent in IRS withholding calculator?
Recovering over-contribution to Social Security between two employers?
Federal treatment of recaptured depreciation paid to DC?
Is it possible to receive online payment via paypal in india without creditcard
Receiving money from friend: PayPal?
What is the cost basis of property converted to rental, purpose?
Should I pay off a 0% interest car loan or put money towards high principal student loans?
Comparing historical performance of different accounts
Non-U.S. Citizen Backpacker Working Remotely for U.S. Company
Market Value vs Book Value of investments
American opportunity credit with foreign country education
Number of postsecondary schools attended?
Student on F1 VISA; trouble filing taxes | Unique case
How can I ensure that a CD sold by a brokerage is FDIC protected?
Bank account in Germany for non-residents?
Credit card with no card holder names on it
&quot;Occupation&quot; field on IRS Form 1040
Dividends reinvested in a 401k or Coverdell ESA show up on 1099-DIV?
Sending money from US to China
Taxes on gifting a home to a son?
Get money from USA to India
Joint bank account and taxes in UK
How does a preferred share &quot;Annual Concurrent Retraction Privilege&quot; work?
Why I cannot find a &quot;Pure Cash&quot; option in 401k investments?
Tuition from tax deduction
Basic Roth IRA Tax Understanding
Do I have to pay the healthcare penalty if I work online in United States but live overseas?
What is a Lower Penthouse?
Filling in Form 8802
Why gamma scalping is not advised for retail traders with reg T margin
Why we sometimes use mean and sometimes use standard deviation to measure volatility
Option settlement for calendar spreads
Option spreads in registered accounts
My girlfriend is going to be a public servant. Is it worth to marry now?
Value of a collateralized asset
Do I need to file taxes for multi-member LLC with no activity (State of NJ)
How much taxes do corporations have to pay on dividends they receive from other companies?
Are bonds taxed every year or only at maturity
Where can I find historic performance data on Barclays Aggregate Canadian Bond Index?
Do Square credit card readers allow for personal use?
Extend warranty on current car or trade in for new cheaper car?
How does shorting ETFs work? What are the costs and tax implications?
How do I claim HST compensation on my personal Ontario income taxes?
When a bond is called back by issuer, do i still get the interest, or only the principal back
Start a business or remain an employee?
I withdrew cash from U.S. ATM (not U.S. bank card) and put it into U.S. bank. Is it taxable income?
Questions related to medical reimbursment
What&#39;s the catch in investing in real estate for rent?
Does FIFO cost basis applies across multiple accounts?
What happens to 401k when I change my job?
Common Stock Options Value
What happens to the bond ETF when the underlying bond matures
Is it mandatory for tax preparation companies to offer free basic service?
Where is my dividend?
Pros/cons of drawing income in retirement from sole-owner corporation vs. sole-proprietorship?
How do credit cards, minimum payments, and interest work?
What should I consider before opening an account at a bank in another state?
Are there contracts for fixed pay vs. fixed pay rates?
Short Term investments without interest
Could CRA consider income from frequent trading of listed stock options as regular income, not capital gains?
Why are there no exchange traded options on 3x leveraged ETNs
How do I best bill out an annualized salary monthly, as a Canadian contractor?
Does it make sense to invest in bonds when interest rates are likely to rise?
Calculating return from an equity investment
The U.S. National Debt: What is it, where did it come from, and how does it work?
Options liquidity and trading positions larger than the daily volume?
What low-fee &amp; liquid exchange-traded index funds / ETFs should I consider holding in a retirement portfolio?
What is the smartest thing to do in case of a stock market crash
viewing stock market transactions
understanding percentage logic for an ETF holdings
US Tax exemption for Independent student contractor working from India
Is there a way to avoid short-term capital gains taxes on bond funds?
How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser)
Pay for a cheap car or take out a loan?
Jointly owned inherited house
Calculating selling rate for foreign currency exchange
What would I miss out on by self insuring my car?
if I have a 414 h in NY can I also contribute to a roth ira?
Why does selling and then rebuying stock not lead to free money?
Are companies like EquityZen legitimate and useful?
Loan Application in South Dakota
Is international online trading still premature?
How to pay the due amount after fiing the IT returns in India
UK Tax: Filling in a HMRC P85 Form - Leaving the UK
Are contributions made to RRSP which are paying back a HBP withdrawal still tax deductible like regular contributions?
Does NIC Class 4 contributions counts to your retirement pension?
How do freight derivatives like Forward Freight Agreements (FFAs) work?
About stamp scrip - Are they useful?
Why do some stocks have trading halts and what causes them?
UK: How to *leave* self select stock and shares ISA (without selling the shares)?
How to record HSA-reimbursable medical transaction into gnucash?
Determine if my foreign taxes resulted from ordinary or qualified dividends?
Theoretically, if I bought more than 50% of a company&#39;s stocks, will I own the company?
Is the MBA an overrated degree/qualification?
Recording claimable expenses in GnuCash
Close an option position after getting an early assignment notice
Where on schedule C should a PO Box Rental fee go?
Who does the Title Company work for?
Digital envelope system: a modern take
I just received $40K. How should I invest?
How to view performance history if we invested in the past?
Who can truly afford luxury cars?
Rental Car Company or Insurance Provider: Whom Do I Call First?
How do credit card companies deal with disputes of duplicate charges?
(Arizona) Bought a car with financing, do I take it to DMV/DOT?
What is the relationship between the earnings of a company and its stock price?
Calculation of excess cash for company valuation
Can a bank statement be submitted as a proof of investment?
Calculation of earned income for Roth IRA contribution
I have a 414(h) pension plan as a teacher in New Jersey. Am I permitted to also contribute yearly to an individual Ira?
I Used the Equity from my Home Sale to Pay Off my Current Home. Taxes?
Income Tax form in India for freelancing
Does being on the board of a bankruptcy-declaring company affect my credit rating?
Why might a robo-advisor service like Betterment be preferable to just buying a single well-performing index fund like SPY?
How does pre-market trading work?
Paid My Property Taxes Late--In Which Year Do I Get the Deduction?
Correct term for describing how &quot;interesting&quot; a stock is to buy
Estonian e-residency &amp; taxes
Remote jobs and incidental wage costs: What do I have to consider?
do i have to file taxes in Canada if no income?
Tax deductible retirement contribution
Are COBRA premiums deductible when self-employed?
Provident Fund is deducted as Basic+DA*12% is that correct?
International transfer: is IBAN code enough for a transition?
Total Yearly Expenditures for a Single Person in the USA
Why does gold have value?
Tax filing for Summer Internship
State tax issues for NJ resident with DC tax withheld, and likely refunded
What are the steps for creating a systematic investment plan for mutual funds?
Mortgage interest deduction isn&#39;t affecting total income tax refund/owed?
Strategy for investing in a tax saving fixed deposit account
How to get cash for shares of a small but successful business?
How often are preferred shareholders made whole after a company goes bankrupt?
Interpreting mortgage rates
Ticker symbols differences between Yahoo Finance and BestInvest
How to find out the amount of preferred stock of Coca Cola Company?
Working in Saudi since aug 14, am I considered as NRI and do I need to pay tax
How to handle fiscal months?
How to sell large amount of options?
Transfer USD to inr
Double entry bookkeeping for a defined benefit pension scheme
should i cash some twenty year old EE savings bonds?
Do I need to file Form 3520 if I receive over 100k living expenses from parents overseas?
What happens when short interest exceeds outstanding shares
How many naked option contracts can I write if I want to use maximum margin
How can I invest in Asian and African Markets?
Why not invest more in the Healthcare sector?
How to avoid getting back into debt?
taxes, ordinary income, and adjusted cost basis for RSUs
If I want to take cash from Portugal to the USA, should I exchange my money before leaving or after arriving?
Fee-Based Online Financial Planners
As a regular person, can I perform/simulate a direct deposit?
What are the tax consequences of selling a condo in Florida?
Is selling only shares you bought with margin on a margin/unsettled cash purchase free ride?
40 year old A and J makes 1M a year. What is the best investment to save on tax?
Solo-401k interaction with employer sponsored 401k. Limits of contribution from Schedule C income
Employer is making a student loan payment on my behalf. Does this need to be claimed as personal income?
A liquid ETF that tracks the us dollar
Automatic personal investment service suggestion
It is legal if company asks for scans of my Credit Card?
Why do corporate financial statistics vary depending on their source?
Investing inheritance money to build a spec home
How can I buy an ETF?
What does &quot;24Hrs Is A Must&quot; Mean on a Real Estate Listing?
What can I do with a physical stock certificate for a now-mutual company?
Company A is buying company B, what happens to the stock?
What type of insurance would protect you against the Amazon 1p bug?
How much hassle is it inheriting shares?
How do I begin investment saving, rather than just saving in a bank account?
Relative merits of Petrobras as an investment
Why Gamma shares an inverse relationship with volatility
Non Resident Alien(Working full time on F1-OPT) new car sales tax deduction
Building credit history as a young foreigner
Student loan debt and business owner: What&#39;s the best loan-payoff strategy?
Can unclear or deceptive company news and updates affect the stock price in the opposite direction of where the company is actually headed?
Should business property tax return item values include shipping and sales tax?
Pay off Home Buyers Plan - or not
Rationale behind discount bonds?
Student freelancer (sole proprietor) and taxes
how derivatives transfer risk from one entity to another
Claiming residential energy credits on US tax return
Is there a &quot;reverse wash sale&quot; rule?
Is the &quot;Bank on Yourself&quot; a legitimate investment strategy, or a scam?
Taxable Scholarship Qualifications
Paying Tax on Stocks Trading
What exactly am I buying when I buy volatility
What are the common Income Tax deduction for salary earned in Saudi Arabia
Can I buy my wife out of our house without affecting her benefits?
Legal way US based Employer transfer money to India based employee
What should a 21 year old do with &#163;60,000 ($91,356 USD) inheritance?
Repaying Debt and Saving - Difficult Situation
What are the consequences of being classified as a day trader, in Australia?
Where can I find a good online fundamental data provider for Hong Kong stocks?
Qualifying income for Roth IRA for a child?
Renting Below Fair Rent (with maintenance agreement) - Tax Implications
How to double-entry bookkeep money incoming from sold items
How to bet on a falling USD without inverse ETF
How to deal with taxable income from discharge of student loan?
Is PhD stipend on 1099-MISC tax-exempt?
IRA transfer - any tax implications?
Why is the money factor defined the way it is?
I have more than $250,000 in a US Bank account... mistake?
How can I invest in gold without taking physical possession?
General resources for people living in Europe
How to properly report income without 1099-MISC
Car insurance quote partially based on current Bodily Injury Liability?
Does an LLC Protect me From Owing a Mortgage?
Donating to US versus Canadian charities to maximizing tax benefits
Why is time so important when you are trying to reach your savings goal?
I guess I&#39;m American (by birth). I&#39;m Canadian... my investment company is asking an impossible question. I don&#39;t have an SSN, what to do? Lie?
What do brokers do with bad stock?
Why do Americans have to file taxes, even if their only source of income is from a regular job?
If someone gives me cash legally, can my deposit trigger an audit for them?
Estimated Taxes Fall Short of tax liability --- how do I pay extra online (Federal and NYS)
USAA bank: What are the requirements for membership?  Military only?
Gifting Money for a downpayment
Are there downsides to switching from Scottrade to OptionsFirst?
Why the call option premium sometimes does not decrease the further out of money we go
How to interpret a trailing stop limit order
Saving tax for long term stock investment capital gain by quiting my current job?
I filled the wrong income tax form, what should I do?
Correct way to get paid from a web design?
What can I do about recovering a vehicle that I co-signed for on a personal loan?
W4 --Additional amount withheld from my paycheck
Why are businesses allowed to deduct expenses from their income, while individuals generally cannot?
How useful is pre-approval from multiple lenders?
Is this a valid strategy to reduce interest payments for student loans?
FX Conversion on GDRs when two exchange rates exist
Who is legal owner of credit card, me or bank?
Calculating greeks from given option information
Closed out old 401k. Rollover and cash out option. Received wrong amounts
Are Bond funds a good idea
Is there a public list that shows which stocks will soon be delisted?
Can I gift my wife 14k to reduce my tax liability?
How do I deal with a mistaken attempt to collect a debt from me that is owed by someone else?
Why does financial investor bother to buy derivatives and then hedge the position?
Can the beta of a stock be used as a lagging indicator for the stock w.r.t the market
How an ETF reinvests dividends
What can I realistically do to raise my credit score?
How some mutual funds pay such high dividends
If my credit card payment is due in 3 days time, will anything I order today have to be paid by then too?
How to invest a small guaranteed monthly income?
Does the ETF ticker price include its expense ratio?
Canada: Filing multiple years income tax (carry-forward)
Is it true that 90% of investors lose their money?
Fixed versus adjustable rate mortgages for short duration ownership
Why do billionaires buy life insurance?
Hedge against Oil industry?
Is credit card payment authorization safe?
Why would preferred shares have less potential for capital gain compared to common stock?
Demurrage vs inflation
Incorrect XIRR value of installment loan?
How splits and dividends affect option prices
How to accurately calculate Apple&#39;s EPS
What is a best way to take earned money from abroad to India?
Investing in a property fund vs a &quot;feeder&quot; fund
What does it mean to run my debit card as credit?
What would be the appropriate account for written off loans to friends and family?
Why VIX shares an inverse relationship with SPX
Income tax Rebate on more than one property
Where can I find a company&#39;s earnings history for free?
TFSA withdrawl to make room for options deposit
Can I open an RESP for myself and transfer to my children&#39;s RESP account later?
Any difference between W2 by mail and W2 by e-mail?
How does Yahoo finance adjust stock data for splits and dividends?
How does the 1% penalty on TFSA transfers work?
Car accident, my fault what happens with my insurance?
TIAA-CREF equivalent or else other tax-sheltered plan types in Canada, beyond TFSA?
What is a good way to save money on car expenses?
Fixed Index Annuity a wise &quot;secure&quot; investment?
Basic mutual fund investment questions
Why are some funds only recommended for investors starting out?
Advice on replacing my savings account
What are the consequences of IRS &quot;reclassification&quot;?
Is engaging in stocks without researching unwise?
Potential to live in one of two states: Which is better for optimizing income?
Sell or keep rental Property?
Co-signed a loan and I need to have my name removed
credit card payment
Automating high- bank or credit union requirements (e.g. X debit card transactions per month)
What is the best way to stay risk neutral when buying a house with a mortgage?
What is an adjustment?
How long can a hold be placed on an account?
What&#39;s the difference between a certified check, a cashier&#39;s check, a money order, and a bank draft?
403B vesting and giving notice
For SSI, is &quot;authorized user&quot; status on a bank account the same as &quot;ownership&quot;?
Should I proactively declare chapter 7 bankruptcy to end a pending $200,000 personal liability lawsuit before it gets started?
Why would one W-2 give so much more back than the other?
Strategies for investing 25k in a taxable account?
Can I enroll in FSA after losing coverage due to my father losing his job?
At the federal level, are tax-free earnings the only tax advantage of 529 plans?
If I sell my house, will I have to pay taxes on the profit?
Is trading stocks easier than trading commodities?
How to divide up utilities when one tenant&#39;s rent includes utilities, but others&#39; don&#39;t?
Are traders 100% responsible for a stock&#39;s price changes?
Expenses vs Capitalizing?
What happened to my remaining money?
How do payday loan companies verify direct deposits?
How do banks calculate interst on savings account
FOK order type: can they be market or limit orders?
Selling a home with rules test question
What can i use as collateral for a secured line of credit except my home
What do mutual funds gain by being different from ETFs
Why the S&amp;P futures prices are not reflecting the general bullish sentiment of the US stock market
Can a Line of Credit be re-financed? Is it like a mortgage, with a term?
Why an ETF mirrors the underlying index on a day to day basis but not on a long term basis
Paypal website donations without being a charity
Transfering balance between VISA cards in different continents
How exactly does dealing in stock make me money?
Does weekend count for option decay?
Investing in USD from the Eurozone (Jan 2015)
Can we use ETF instead of individual stocks to perform an index arbitrage
Are mutual funds safe from defaults?
What&#39;s the fuss about identity theft?
Best way to make most of savings with ISA and Offset mortgage
What else can I do aside from my job to accumulate wealth?
How does one calculate this problem?
Why don&#39;t boards of directors try to produce results in line with estimates?
Starting a side business slowly
Can I expense the rent for a three month contract abroad
When you initial an order in your broker, will you be able to control the buyer/seller on the other side?
I&#39;m a non-U.S. citizen that paid Social Security tax. I&#39;m leaving the country. Can I get my money back?
I founded my LLC in October 2014 but my business still isn&#39;t active. Do I need to file taxes?
Is this trick enough to totally prevent bankrupcy in a case of a crash?
How is Company&#39;s Stock option exercise price calculated ?
Mortage Insurance or higher life insurance
In Canada, how much money can I gift a friend or family member without them being taxed on it?
Cheapest/easiest way to convert AUD to USD on a short-term (2-3 month) basis
Lifetime Learning Tax Credit if company pays for grad school?
Is it possible to trade CFD without leverage?
How is taxation for youtube/twitch etc monetization handled in the UK?
Virtual currency investment
&quot;To open: fold and tear along perforation&quot; -- why?
ITIN exception 1c- passive income bank letter
HAMP enrollment and side effects
How to screen on Morningstar for GOLD rated mutual funds
What is a &quot;single side debit: QMC charges&quot; in bank transactions?
Should I use my primary home or the investment property for collateral on the mortage when buying an investment property?
Do I need to report RRSP gain even if it is not taxable?
Keeping our current home (second property) as a rental. Will it interfere with purchasing a third home?
Why share prices of a company dont rise every other friday when company buys shares for its own employees
classify investments in to different asset types
Health Savings Account Insurance Reimbursement
Why do almost all U.S. banks have a Salt Lake City P.O. box for accepting deposits?
What happens with an accidental excess contribution to an ISA?
Not receiving a tax refund because local taxes weren&#39;t withheld on my paycheck?
What are the &#39;special rules&#39; for opening a bank/credit union account if you are a foreign person?
$1147.99 lost on Entropay.com
Can a non-citizen claim a US lottery prize on a ticket purchased through a third party?
Can I make my savings keep in check with or beat inflation over a long time period via index funds?
How to know if buying a house is a good investment?
Can a dealer keep my deposit (on a non-existant car) if my loan is not approved?
If I start a company and put in &#163;100, what account should that be filed under?
Most effective instant access savings for a child - UK
If I am paying my household employees taxes what should the W2 contain?
Combining 401k&#39;s from different past employers?
What is the purpose of marking-to-market a futures contract?
tax consequences on selling rental property for citizens living abroad
Investments beyond RRSP and TFSA, in non-registered accounts?
Buy securities at another stock exchange
Should I buy my house from my landlord?
Transfer of property proceeds from india to USA
UK Online Stock Tradiing for Beginner and Small Amounts?
Tax benefit to paying off student loan interest while in school
Taxpayer Identification number for Google wallet merchant account
Income tax return for 2013 in Germany - how to?
Tangible alternative to paper U.S. savings bonds?
How do I remotely open a bank account in Thailand?
Making Money on your Tax Return
Book recommendation for beginners
Someone has my check: any risks?
How to evaluate annual leave amount when comparing jobs?
Is it possible to cash a check made to someone else&#39;s name? How to do so?
What can I do all year to be sure I get my best tax return or at least break even?
Why is there a lack of correlation between the global usage of oil and the price of oil?
HSA contribution and self HDHP
Why have candlestick charts overlaps?
Received SSDI income less than 15,000. Do I need to file income tax?
Employer rollover from 403b to 401k?
Should I update my address tied to an old bank account if I&#39;m planning to move again in a couple of months?
Bonds semi-annual market rate
Qualified Stock Options purtchased through my Roth IRA
Found Mistake on 2013 1120S Form
How does &quot;on the next percentage&quot; work (for company matching)?
Why big clients want the contractor to be incorporated before giving them work
Can I have a side income without registering it as a business
Are dividends the only thing linking stocks to corporate performance?
What does &quot;balance available&quot; mean?
How does an inverse ETF work
Mathematics behind deciding to do a lump sum mortgage payment vs. RRSP contribution?
How to get money transferred from the United States to India?
Do companies offer student loan repayment assistance?
Applied for loans but chosen not to take them, will this look like I was refused?
Should I make partial pre-payments on an actuarial loan?
Lend money at a rate linked to the prime rate
Invest or save first?
Need something more basic than a financial advisor or planner
How to invest (trade, or speculate) in commodities?
Why are U.S. Treasury interest rates are so low vs. other nearly risk-free rates?
How much sales tax should I charge on Instaproofs.com?
What does it mean to borrow long and lend short
Am I double taxed on a lease purchase?
Why buy bonds when GICs offer better interest
Interaction between health exchange and under-65 Medicare coverage
US banks that allow foreign account holders to perform transfers online
What are some good ways to control costs for groceries?
How to start day-trading? Any advice about software for beginner?
What websites do you use for saving money (coupons, etc.)?
How is my employer affected if I have expensive claims on my group health insurance?
1099 versus corporation to corporation for payments?
What would you do with a large land inheritance with high tax rate?
IRA advisory fee?
Can you replace Roth IRA contributions that you withdraw from the current year?
Do I have to report gift money from my spouse and family?
Can i avail rebate on Home loan interest without sale deed and registration
Own my home, have no debt, and must start taking RMDs on an Inherited IRA. What should I do?
What states base income tax on world wide income?
Vanguard limit order vs stop order in a buy scenerio
What&#39;s the difference between Net cash provided by operating activities and Operating cash flow?
Planning to invest in stock, age 16
Is paid time off (PTO) considered taxable income?
Is state tax based on work location or home location
How to figure out the life time saving of refinancing?
Value of credit score if you never plan to borrow again?
What are advantages &amp; disadvantages of using a Peer-to-Peer lending site or network?
Multi member member-driven LLC Bank Account without the personal presence of one the memebers
Why Google Finance puts to two decimal places for the trading volumes?
How should I go about filing taxes if I have 2 different W-2s from 2 different jobs?
What will the penalties be for someone without insurance after Affordable Care Act takes effect?
For a non-resident, Is it worth investing in a 401k?
Why is the terminology &quot;put&quot; and &quot;call&quot; not applicable to futures contracts?
Opening US Bank account for US citizen while abroad
Real estate agent best practice
Sales tax &quot;trick&quot; while buying a used car; i.e. declaring sale at lower than actual transaction value?
No withdrawal from paypal to Egypt, Udemy.com requires paypal. What should i do?
Calculation, timing, and taxes related to profit distribution of an S-corp?
Does this Budget Make Sense for a New Condo?
Do individual stocks have futures trading
My wife and I own two cars. Which of us need to be insured on each?
Why may certificate price be substantially below commodity price?
When an insider discloses a stock trade are they required to execute?
How can a &#39;saver&#39; maintain or increase wealth in low interest rate economy?
Claiming car as a business expense in the UK
Is it worth it to buy TurboTax Premier over Deluxe if I sold investments in a taxable account?
Tax consequences when foreign currency changes in value
What tax filings are required for real estate transactions?
First convert owner occupied to rental, then sell --- capital gain?
Getting around Gift Tax in US
U.S. credit/debit card for non-U.S. citizens to use on e-commerce sites to buy digital goods, e.g. ebooks?
Are TD e-Series Funds worthwhile, or am I better off with ETFs? Why or why not?
18 year old making $60k a year; how should I invest? Traditional or Roth IRA?
Which 2014 TurboTax Edition Do I Need?
Does mechanically disabling payWave/PayPass by punching a hole formally invalidate the card?
What impact does trading in a car have on your credit score?
How can the interest rate be disguised in a car lease?
How decreasing the prime interest rate helps to offset decreasing oil prices
Can&#39;t sell my house because of HOA delinquency rate
U.S. citizen living abroad: How do I declare my income and file for taxes if I&#39;ve been delinquent in filing?
Are there disadvantages to day trading ETFs?
Tax on transfer of funds to USA
Can I choose to refinance only some of my loans even if they are from the same lender?
Investment strategy for 401k when rolling over soon
Does APR also depends on credit score?
Make money based on interest rate cut in Canada
Can I avoid tax on sale of home after only 1 year of residence?
Can a store/company deposit a refund into a bank account, then take it back out again?
Question about being a resident
When is credit card utilization calculated?
Regarding NRI Tax returns
Do you pay no tax if you lose money on a business or an investment?  If so, why is that?
Is there a CD that allows additional contributions?
What happens when a company stops trading? (pink sheets)
Getting money paid to a US based bank account for Indian company based invoice
How to change if we did mistake in E-Filing income tax in India
Does dividend on 401K have any effect on gains
Is it a good idea to get an unsecured loan to pay off a credit card that won&#39;t lower a high rate?
Permanent resident filing taxes from a UK employer
Total gain of portfolio including sold stocks?
When to use a stop limit order over a stop order
Is there any real purpose in purchasing bonds?
What is the best way to increase the earned money staying in US for an NRI?
Is knowingly providing an incorrect/fake reference for a car loan fraud?
Preference shares vs. common shares and overall holding structure for a public company?
How to calculate Annual Percentage Rate
Non US-resident, need to file 83b election TODAY with the IRS - I have an SSN but it says &quot;valid for work only with DHS auth&quot; - is this OK?
How can I determine which stores are regarded as supermarkets for a rewards credit card?
Filed as W2 employee but paid erroneously as 1099 employee for 2014
Is an iron condor always preferable to doing a simple credit spread
If someone lives in one state and purchases a winning lottery ticket in another, where should they file their winnings?
Savings account with mango money for emergency fund
How do I protect my credit/debit cards from being stolen or scanned?
Should I get a credit card if I already have a debit card?
consolidate credit monitoring
Due Diligence - Dilution?
Collecting pay while on leave of absence?
Weird charge in insurance plan [Netherlands]
Due Diligence - Company ticker (symbol) &amp; Name &amp; Halts, delays, suspensions?
Due Diligence - Reverse Stock Split?
Due Diligence - DTCC Eligible or Non-DTCC Eligible?
Arguments on the &quot;unconstitutionality&quot; of income tax: What acts, etc. of Congress require payment of income tax?
Maximum bet on Binary Option brokers
Starting late for retirement
Stock Option Value correlated to net worth of company
Teacher moving to another state: transfer retirement savings from previous TRS?
Privacy Concerns For Self Employment Taxes
question about early exercise of a NQSO
How much can I deduct as far as tax preparation costs?
What&#39;s the difference between Market Cap and NAV?
What I can do to offset a bad fixed-rate mortgage?
What quarter does a payment on the first of the month belong to?
How can my Canadian friend send me money in the United States?
What is bespoke insurance?
Understanding payment options with NS&amp;I Bonds
Tracking down forgotten brokerage account
Difference btw Tom/next and Tom/Spot in Fx
1.4 million cash. What do I do?
ls there anything like an SEC / EDGAR where financial statements are filed for Qatari listed stocks?
Newest transactions added on top, not bottom, of accounts in GnuCash?
How to pay when merchant only accepts UK creditcards?
When getting a business loan, does it look better to owe the IRS or the credit card companies?
How can I find out in GnuCash how much I have spent in a given time period?
Any reason to invest in a mutual fund at launch?
What constitutes &#39;income&#39; for credit card &amp;c? (US specific)
Will there always be somebody selling/buying in every stock?
How to send money from europe to usa EUR - USD?
how much of foreign exchange (forex/fx) &quot;deep liquidity&quot; is really just unbacked leverage and what is the effect?
How to make use of EUR/USD fluctuations in my specific case?
How to minimize the risk of a credit card being compromised
Why would Swiss franc rise cause FX firm failures?
Are there Cashflow Positive Investment Properties in the USA?
How can one get their FICO/credit scores for free? (really free)
Why no &quot;reverse direct deposit&quot; setups?
How can I check my credit score?
My credit card company is asking for my current income citing &quot;Federal Regulations&quot;
Asset Allocation and Timing with a Cash Windfall in Q1 2015
insuring my car under girlfriends policy
Withdrawing IRA early to pay off large credit card debt?
Loan of $70k from a friend
2008-2009 Stock Market Crash -- what caused the second drop?
Should I open an IRA, or will it be redundant once I get a 401k?
Given advice &quot;buy term insurance and invest the rest&quot;, how should one &quot;invest the rest&quot;?
Better to get loan from finance company or bank considering the drop of credit score?
Can a foreigner open a bank account in the UK?
Issue with mortgage valuation on new build property
How can I calculate deductible percentage of business trip?
Is CFD a viable option for long-term trading?
How do Market on Close orders get resolved?
Can a Foreigner cash a US issued Check in the US?
Working from India in a US company
How do you determine &quot;excess cash&quot; for Enterprise Value calculations from a balance sheet?
Life Insurance - How Much is too Much?
How to divide up utilities amongst tenants?
Car expense deductions with multiple work locations
How to get reimbursement of the wrong taxes collected by IRS?
There are 2% cash back (on all purchases) business credit cards, are there ones for individuals?
Do I have to pay the internet installation charges for my home&#39;s company internet?
Selling Property In India
If I plan to buy a car in cash, should I let the dealer know?
Can I negotiate to have a credit card interest fee waived?
Cost basis step-up on inheritance of real estate
What are some simple techniques used for Timing the Stock Market over the long term?
How much money do I need to have saved up for retirement?
filing taxes in Canada from another country
Form as LLC or S Corp to reduce tax liability
NY state and federal taxes for tuition and no income.?
Is Cash Value Life Insurance (&quot;whole life&quot; insurance) a good idea for my future?
How can I verify that a broker I found online is legitimate?
Reasonable commission on unique property sale
Choosing between two car deals on the same car - NPV
Should I write off my time invested in developing a business
Is my employee stock purchase plan a risk free investment?
Tax rebate on house loan for under construction property
How exactly does France&#39;s &quot;rich tax&quot; / &quot;millionaire tax&quot; of 75% above 1 million euros salary work?
How do companies like WhatsApp and Hike earn money?
If something is coming into my account will it be debit or credit in my account?
Does the payout change the value of the firm?
If I earn 40 credits and stop working, would I get full Social Security benefits at age 67?
If I pay the balance due, will I pay no interest in that month?
Does FL based consulting LLC have to pay NY state income tax?
Premium Processing Service by benificiary or employer?
Are credit card rewards taxable?
Should I participate in a 401k if there is no company match?
what is the timezone that yahoo uses for stock information
Can I use a different HSA than PayFlex that came with aetna?
If you share expenses, can someone else claim student loan interest deduction?
Can I get tax withheld on 1042-S as a resident alien (Canadian) with income code 15?
Where should I invest if my new 401(k) provider doesn&#39;t offer a low risk option?
Tax residency options for Australian overseas with no fixed residence?
Tax on 401k withdrawal for non US resident
How to correctly track a covered call write (sell to open) in double-entry accounting?
What name is given to a value such as this?
Is there a reason why someone shouldn&#39;t buy into a temporarily cheap currency of an otherwise solid economy?
Got Notice My Personal Information May be Compromised
Mortgage property
Is it possible to get a Visa or Mastercard Gift Card in the US and use it to buy UK products that require a UK billing address?
Why should I invest my money in a life insurance policy?
How to search efficiently for financial institutions, credit cards, etc (At least in Canada)?
Shares traded and Volume Confusion
Do I pay my quarterly estimated tax if I&#39;ve only made a small amount?
Effects of interest rate changes on long term bond funds
How much of a company goes public?
Idea for getting rich using computers to track stocks
aproximate witholding tax in N carolina per $100
paying off an auto loan versus Roth versus non-tax-sheltered investment
Wife has FSA with employer, and my new employer offers an HSA plan. What to do?
privacy concerns when receiving money from paypal from strangers?
Withdrawing from regular vs Roth 401K
Why is Morningstar reporting a bid/ask spread of $2.31 (2.19%) when Vanguard reports a 30-day average of $0.02 (0.02%)
If I can invest $100 a month, is it better to choose Vanguard S&amp;P 500 ETF or Betterment
How to share profit based on duration and contribution
What should I be considering, as a student with an income for one year?
What does a CFP do?
Investing in your own LLC - equity or debt
Capital improvement and depreciation in restaurant LLC
Is it possible to get a UK visa gift card while in the US?
Automate Savings by Percentage on varying paychecks?
Are investor&#39;s preference for dividends justified?
Investing in U.S. stock exchanges from Europe. Taxes
Does Income tax deduct automatically by bank in India?
Why a federal tax withholding of 25% when previous federal withholding tax was 8.9%?
Is there any chance for a layperson to gain from stock exchange?
Possible refinance from 15 year fixed to 7/1 arm
Explain me the benefit of insurance policy
What is the real exchange rate?
Can my mother keep the money in my custodial account from me?
How do taxes work when your only income is from capital gains?
Next steps for (not me): a recently-divorced single mom, in California, with a 2yr-old
What to do about not having an ITIN for spouse if IRS isn&#39;t being responsive?
How does the fluctuation in the foreign exchange market occur at the same time in all countries?
Tax Exemption on Home loan EMI in INDIA
Opening Company in US as non US resident and living in native country. Tax questions!
What can you with no income do, if you want credit card limit increases?
Tax implications of 1099 income across year boundary
How do &quot;allowances&quot; work on the W-4?
How to record a written put option in double-entry accounting?
Which reward / benefits credit card is the best value for the money in Canada?
Reporting software subscriptions
Can I deduct expenses incurred to earn side-income, while full-time employed - in Canada?
How can I bring loaned money back to US from India
To prevent credit score decreases, what are the optimal frequency and number of credit card applications in Canada?
Can having a co-signer on a house loan reduce the down payment required?
What are some recommendations to ensure that I get the best deal when converting my money from USD to CAD?
Pay online: credit card or debit card?
As a prospective tenant, how can I screen a potential landlord and what should I look for?
23 and on my own, what should I be doing?
any credit cards that won&#39;t let you go over your limit?
529 College Savings Worth It?
Offer Price for my stock not shown on quote and a subsequent sale higher than my offer
In Canada, can a rejected credit card application hurt?
What percent of your portfolio should be in a money market account?
what happens when I sell my share in the mid of the day when the price is high?
Is it acceptable to receive payment from U.S. in Indian saving bank account via PayPal?
Retirement fund and Riester options for university teacher
US resident collecting salary in a foreign account
Handling of credit card bill transactions on bank account when using online banking in Gnucash
What is a tranche?
US client, Australian freelancer, what are my options in getting paid?
Are founders of a company paid dividends?
Which is better: Employer-sponsored HSA or opening an HSA individually?
Are SPDR funds good for beginners?
Private student loan balance not moving
Chipping away at large loan, or get rid of smaller ones? Student debt
Foreign earned income exclusion for DE single-person LLC income
EU Start investing for longterm with partner who joins saving in a few years
Looking to get my first credit card
HDHP Part of Year, HSA Max Contribution
Ask for credit decrease
In what order should I save?
Why would I buy a Bond at a Negative Interest rate?
Employer Letter for NRI Home Loan
How can I find a list of all North American ETF&#39;s including symbols?
Simple tool for running what-if analysis on a set of ticker symbols?
Taxes on offshore funds held in UK investment account
For a major expensive home renovation (e.g. addition, finished basement, or new kitchen) should one pay cash or finance with a loan? Would such a loan be &quot;good&quot; debt?
Put extra payments towards almost paid off house or newer house?
How do you find the credit card with the best rewards/points? [US]
Why deposit interest rate in the same currency is different from country to country?
How much do I need to travel for mileage rewards to beat cash back?
How to gift money anonymously to an individual after collection thru a donation site?
Opening UK corporate bank account remotely
Alternatives to Intuit&#39;s PayTrust service for online bill viewing and bill payment?
Does FHA goes hand in hand with PMI ?
Formula or model for value investing
Separate bank account for security deposit from tenant
How do I close a bank account that I no longer have any information for?
How can ponzi schemes be detected and legally prosecuted
Why can&#39;t I file my California LLC Statement of Information online
What does it mean: &#39;Bank fees are a write off&#39;?
What prevents an ETF from performing differently than the sum of its holdings?
How does Value get rounded in figuring out Bonds Value?
How to split a Roth IRA into multiple accounts?
Are there online brokers in the UK which don&#39;t require margin account?
Is it worth using an online platform to invest in various fund houses?
Are there any consequences for investing in Vanguard&#39;s Admiral Shares funds instead of ETF&#39;s in a Roth IRA?
Can I use a Credit Card in India to deposit and borrow cash
Question about being a Resident Alien for Tax purposes
If a put seller closes early, what happens to the buyer?
Do I need to keep Title Insurance policy in a safe place
When is a higher return not desireable in a Retirement Fund?
Earning in a declining currency but foreign currency liabilities, what strategy assuming exchange rates continue to decline?
Are there HSA&#39;s with zero interest and low fees?
Should I use cash back rewards for rewards, or to pay off the balance?
How to invest with a low net worth
What should I do when the reality of money present and the amounts in GnuCash differ?
rental property depreciation and recapture on state taxes?
What to do if your appraisal does not increase your salary after 2 years
Which EU or Turkish bank will issue a debit card to a non-resident from Ukraine?
Vanguard Target Retirement Fund vs. Similar ETF Distribution (w/ REIT)
Relocation payment from company and tax deductions
Nasdaq vs Nasdaq Trade Reporting Facility
Calculating payroll taxes &amp; take-home pay: Is provincial income tax deducted from gross salary, or after federal taxes salary?
Form 16 for 0 tax payee?
I am selling my business, are there ways to (invest or spend) profit to save on tax cost?
Principal 401(k) managed fund fees, wow. What can I do?
Ready to invest but I&#39;m overwhelmed with the number of brokers and services
Most Efficient Way to Transfer Money from Israel to the USA?
How to compare goverment bonds to generic money market position?
What does &quot;Yield Curve&quot; mean?
Check written to me personally, but for business?
I&#39;m saving money too fast. What should I do?
When does giving a gift &quot;count&quot; for tax year?
Credit Card Purchase - &#39;it is the bank&#39;s money no[t] yours&#39; ?
Intenational Credit card
Where can one find intraday prices for mutual funds?
How prudent would it be to invest (stocks/equity) in businesses that are based on Cash transactions?
What are reasonable administrative fees for an IRA?
Which documents are important to retain?
NYC property taxes
CA PIT / SDI and Federal taxes for our first employee
Can I use an FSA account to reimburse myself only a portion of a medical expense?
Variable universal life insurance vs traditional long-term investments
Name of Balance Term
Won an incentive trip in 2013, left employer in 2014, received an earning statement with no cash but a huge tangible bonus listed
What regulations are in place to protect consumer&#39;s investments in UK?
Paying tax on monetary gifts
Maxing out HSA after maxing out Roth IRA
How can I budget for medical expenses when the medical billing process is so haphazard?
Nanny Tax Withholding threshold
best way to keep track of your portfolio, total income / loss for both equities, funds and bonds
Which seller is matched to a buyer in the stock market when there are multiple matches?
Retroactive COBRA Premium Increase: Can my COBRA health insurance premiums be hiked retroactively?
Home (re)Finance and Providing Additional Information
Tax implications of currency exchange between friends?
Why is transferring money online to someone else&#39;s bank account so difficult in the U.S.?
Why would I pick a specific ETF over an equivalent Mutual Fund?
Is there any way to verify a cashier cheque?
Can I rely on my home equity to finance large home repairs?
Why would we need a &quot;stop-limit order&quot; for selling?
Starting with GnuCash. How to eliminate automatic entries ending up in the &quot;unbalanced&quot; account?
What percent of my salary should I retain?
Is there a risk of abuse in ETFs?
Loan for Retired People in India
Home loan for plot owned by my father
Is it worthwhile to &quot;lock in&quot; a mortgage rate?
Everyone says you should start saving young. However, should my priority be to pay off my mortage?
Does the death of a spouse affect capital gains calculation of the jointly owned home?
How do I handle undocumented Income from consulting to a foreign firm
Investment options
to what extent am I responsible for my wife&#39;s student loan?
Canada Tax question for TN visa holder
What are my investment options in real estate?
Why would a passive investor buy anything other than the market portfolio + risk free assets?
Taking cross currency position with different balance currency
Formula to decide when to break a Certificate of Deposit (CD)?
Construction loans - when do payments begin?
How did Bill Gates actually make his money?
Is there more money in pockets or in banks?
Can cancelling of the newly opened credit cards increase a credit score?
What foreign exchange rate is used for foreign credit card and bank transactions?
Collaboration on Technical Analysis
Getting started in stock with one special field of activity
Can I take a loan against propety in my children&#39;s name?
What to do with an expensive, upside-down car loan?
If any Admob user is moving to any country where Admob is not available, then can&#39;t he use his admob account anymore?
How to quickly track daily cash expenses that don&#39;t come with a receipt?
Will I, as a CS student, be allowed to take loans for paying the fees of Ivy Leagues?
Paycheck Questions
Why can it be a bad idea to buy stocks after hours?
Gift loan and the 100k rule
How do you enter details of spending in a department store?
My bank refused to do a charge back
Does a house mortgage make it easier to get a personal loan?
How secure is payWave debit card compared to a chip-and-PIN one?
Can a US expat have and use an HSA for the tax benefits while living abroad?
When&#39;s 0% financing the least costly (best) option?
Does pursuing the highest yields or pursuing the lowest ones give better returns in the long run?
Transfering money from NRE to saving account is taxable or not
When a fund drops significantly, how can I research what went wrong?
I am considering leasing a new car for my ex-wife. What can go wrong?
Which forex brokerage should I choose if I want to fund my account with over a million dollars?
Would there be issues with giving someone a gift out of a joint account if the total is over the annual limit per person?
How do I tell if I&#39;m overspending on groceries?
For a car, what scams can be plotted with 0% financing vs rebate?
How is the annual ROI calculated in Peer-to-Peer Investing?
Why not to invest in an index fund at the end of the year?
Quickbooks custom field for computing a value
Is the interest earned on a TFSA account tax deductible if it is moved to an RRSP
What mix of credit lines and loans is optimal for my credit score?
What is the difference between a creditor and a lender?
What is the formula for determining estimated stock price when I  only have an earning per share number?
U.S. VISA gift cards and usage in Europe; technical and/or legislative insight?
How does aspiration.com work?
I did an experiment with analysts recommendations. How to analyze the results?
Which date to record for a transaction?
What are my HSA contribution limits if one, but not all members of the family are covered by an HSA-eligible plan?
Are precious metals/collectibles a viable emergency fund?
Distribution from a traditional IRA and future contributions to a Roth IRA
Did Greece really issue bonds to investors yielding 42% interest?
Why out of money options show no bid price but a valid ask price
Should a retail trader choose a broker with access to dark pools
Freelancing and getting taxes taken out up front instead of end of year?
Where can I open a Bank Account in Canadian dollars in the US?
What happens if I don&#39;t pay my rent while my lease still has time to run?
A second income as a couple
There have been many studies on the differences in earning-power between men and women. Have similar studies been done for race, religion or sexual orientation?
What are the tax implications on selling the Share ISA portfolio?
Is the Social Security with disability option final?
Volume of at the money options
Is it safe to use credit Karma?
How does a delta neutral portfolio make money
Mutual Funds to invest in every week or monthly
Buy the open and set a 1% limit sell order
What happen if we do not pay facebook
Mutual fund value went down, shares went up, no action taken by me
Buying a foreclosed property
Commission free trades for non permanent resident?
How can I make the accepting of transactions more efficient in Quicken 2015?
Donation Value Of &quot;One Bag Of Clothing&quot;
How do I clean up my Memorized Payees in Quicken 2015?
Should I treat HSA as taxable or non-taxable in deciding on bonds if my state does tax it?
Recent graduate with new job: Choose Roth 401(k), or traditional 401(k)?
How to reactivate my dormant bank account in the US as non US resident?
How do I interpret max drawdown and annualized standard deviation?
How to decide on split between large/mid/small cap on 401(k) and how often rebalance
Why not pay in full upfront for a car?
Do I have to sell worthless stock to claim a loss and clean up?
How to register LLC in the US from India?
Does Warren Buffett have a personal portfolio that is public?
Why would my mortgage payment change if the interest rate stayed the same?
Is it true that in USA it is a common practice to present gifts with a receipt from store?
W-4 Worksheet for Spouses Filing Jointly: Who Files the W-4?
Protect Money Given Student Loan Debt
Do early payments reset my limit?
How to bet that INR will gain in value
Can expense ratios on investment options in a 401(k) plan contain part of the overall 401(k) plan fees?
Is there a saving for masses of people that is fair for all sides?
How do companies protect employees&#39; income from currency flucturations?
Is it illegal to refrain from selling stock based on insider information?
What are some ways to negotiate with a lawyer to pay off an outstanding debt?
If my rental property income and mortgage payment are equal, do I need to pay income tax on any rent revenue?
Will U.S. citizenship boost credit score?
What to bear in mind when considering a rental home as an investment?
Different avenues of tangible returns from index funds and bond funds
Sole Trader or LTD, buy personal house and work from home
Does the United States really owe 114 trillion dollars?  Please explain &quot;unfunded liability&quot;?
Can I claim a parent receiving Medi-Cal benefits as a dependent on my tax return?
Can I request to change 401k offerings from my employer, e.g. to invest in ETFs?
Does new car from last year depreciate in value?
How do margins on tracker mortgages (variable rate mortages) vary over time?
Overnight charges for brokers holding stocks?
How come the Russell 2000 has only 1974 stocks in the newly updated list?
Take advantage of rock bottom oil prices
Self employed 401k and traditional IRA
Overpaying my mortgage monthly payment
How is option margin determined by my broker
Best Way to Allocate Invest Dollars Using a Market Timing Investment Approach
How is money transferred between banks?
How do I transfer funds from Lebanon to the USA without penalty?
Buying property in India : joint owner
Optimal term/number of months for car finance or lease?
What reason would a person have to use checks in stores?
Do I have to file California tax return for worldwide income?
Where I am I liable for taxes?
Is buying a townhouse as a &quot;starter home&quot; a bad idea?
Can I use a costco gift card without being a costco member
What should I know about paying taxes for working from home as a new resident in the UK?
Multiple mortgage pre-approvals and effects on credit score
How should I be investing in bonds as part of a diversified portfolio?
Getting Rid of PMI
Credit card at Best Buy
Buying a house, Bank or rent to own?
Married, 55, grown kids: Should I buy life insurance, or invest in stocks? The ultimate decision
How is rental income taxed?
Free access to official real-time and intraday data for exchanges
Trip Interruption insurance vs. Trip Cancellation insurance: what&#39;s the difference?
Which credit card is friendliest to merchants?
Gift Tax Exemptions in the US
Best way to buy Japanese yen for travel?
Roughly how much more is the average salary of London compared to the north and south?
Is there a graphic or dataset way to campare the performance of the main currencies over the years?
How do I get the latest or even realtime information of institutions stock buy/sell action?
Future price == strike price in the future contract?
What makes an effective and profitable trading system
How can I save money on car insurance?
What has increased every year for 25 years for the companies on the S&amp;P 500 Dividend Aristocrats list?
Investment options
Calculating underpayment penalty for Maryland state taxes
What is fair annual profit for an investor
How can I fund my US college education?
Opening a bank account in France
Gift tax with family member gifting real estate
What are the fees in a targeted retirement fund?
Sort Code, Account Number, but no account name
Sources of Free Stock Market (Nasdaq/NYSE) Data - Tick by Tick
How to buy Gold ETF is India?
Stock exchange Last price doesn&#39;t match price steps
IRA Deduction when changing from 401k offered job to non-401k job mid year
What exactly can a financial advisor do for me, and is it worth the money?
Where can I research corporate convertible bonds?
How can I reduce the risk of credit card closure when paying the balance in full?
Executing a stop loss at the purchase price?
What are the risks of buying some platinum right now?
How can we confirm if a telegraphic transfer has been credited to the beneficiary&#39;s account?
Capital gains and flow through tax treatment
Can I work with two or more mortgage brokers at the same time?
Ideas on how to invest a relatively small amount of British pounds
What will happen to my shares if company delisted
What are the most efficient ways to bet on an individual stock beating the market?
I&#39;m not broke, but I&#39;m feeling stuck on a fixed income
Is there any way for a buyer to guarantee that there will be no chargeback in PayPal or GoogleCheckout?
Why will the bank only loan us 80% of the value of our fully paid for home?
Wash sale rule question
Can a Roth IRA be used as a savings account?
Would it save money to have company pay for living expenses by taking it out of salary?
About eToro investments
from when is the time limit for chargebacks counted?
account number/password/username/full name?
Selling property and transferring money
Is there any special meaning when the market price for a stock exactly equals ask or bid?
Resources for real time market intelligence
S-Corp Reasonable Salary
Salary Payroll Conversion from Bi-weekly to Semi-monthly Mid-year
When must a health insurance plan provide contraceptive coverage under PPACA?
How poor an idea is it to transfer out of an ISA before the interest is paid?
Buying Fixed Deposit in India from Europe
Is it necessary to pay tax if someone lends me money to put into my mortgage?
Refinance when going to sell?
Can I deduct money I paid to a friend to help rent out my condo?
Where should taxes go when working in USA, but for a Norwegian company
Should I pay an extra $100 every month on my mortgage or pay $1200 extra every year at the beginning of the year?
How good is Wall Street Survivor for learning about investing?
Should I give my mortgage broker access to my bank account?
Selling stocks at loss (short term) .. should I sell my long term gain stocks in 2014 or 2015?
Legal Financing
Will getting a secured credit card to buy a single expensive item hurt my credit or help it?
Any experience with maxing out 401(k)?
Do I qualify for a personal 401-K Plan?
Facebook buying Watsapp for 19 Billion. How are existing shareholders affected?
Certified receipt from IRS
From a tax perspective, how can a business allow a large portion (80%+) of payments to be given to charity (like Humble Bundle)
Investment options in Australia
Can I make PayPal release pending balance on personal payment sooner than 30 days?
Improper withholding of FICA from student: Getting a refund
Can/should a foreign person working overseas for a US company contribute to a 401k?
Should I use a bank or a credit union for my savings account?
Why does option with lower delta move more?
Best / cheapest way to exchange USD for foreign currency cash?
fastest way to move USD to EUR
Right way to get paid from US company to India Company
How does end-of-year interact with mutual fund prices (if it does)?
I&#39;m upside down on my car loan and need a different car, what can I do?
Rectify demand outstanding in India when tax was already paid
England: Alternative to Student Finance
What could be the cause of a extreme high/low price in after hours market?
How to handle old 401(k) I have, with respect to refinancing some of my debts?
How long does a business have to give a refund?
Do I need to close out an in-the-money short straddle?
Is there any US bank that does not charge for incoming wire transfers?
If I leave my job, what happens to my flexible spending account?
Should I use IRA money to pay down my student loans?
Can there be two primary owners on a car title while only one takes out the loan?
What is the advantage to me in not paying off my debts?
Tax: can back pay be counted for previous years?
How is Discover different from a Visa or a MasterCard?
Non-Residence Tax code
What is the difference between a Loan, a Lien, and a Mortgage?
UK Business Purchase from UAE
Will I get taxed on withdrawals from Real Cash Economy games?
Ideas for patenting/selling a trading strategy
In the UK what are citizens legally obliged to do (in order to not be fined)
Sole employee S-Corp 401k - Can Company portion also be made to be Roth?
College 529 plan and state taxes
Deductibility of traditional IRA contributions in same year as Roth conversion?
Selling on eBay without PayPal?
What&#39;s the best trading period : Weekly, daily or hourly?
Can&#39;t the account information on my checks be easily used for fraud?
Straight Index Fund vs IRA + Index Fund
Income in zero-interest environment
Credit card company doesn&#39;t have a record of my account
Is there any historical example that a market is shrinking down after competition?
Live/Work in Illinois but do some work for NY company in Illinois
Can an International student of F1 VISA accept money in her US bank account on behalf of someone else?
When mortgage in dollars should be replace with mortgage in rubles?
Recurring non-scheduled transactions in GnuCash
Credit reports that show interest rates?
1040 Annotations for IRA to Roth trick
i have a check from a title company dated 8 years ago
Choosing a strike price when you sell a short combo
Pay off credit cards in one lump sum, or spread over a few months?
Recommendation for learning fundamental analysis?
Can you report on time payments on private loan?
Pros and cons of filing bankruptcy or paying off debt?
How to organize bank accounts with wife when adding mortgage
Does an RRSP loan provide any benefit, vs. simply making monthly RRSP contributions?
How are Canada Universal Child Care Benefit (UCCB) &amp; related tax measures changing in 2015?
Closing a futures position
Why is a stock trade flat on large volume?
Did basically all mutual funds have a significant crash in 2008?
Value averaging vs lump sum
Analyze stock value
Interest rates on fixed deposits in India: Why would rates for 1 year deposits be higher than for 2 years?
Debit card has stopped working while traveling, and my bank says there&#39;s no problem
US citizen living and working in US for a Canadian company.
Receiving restricted stock units as a dual citizen
What is the difference between financial market and market
Does this investment strategy have a name?
How to tell if an option is expensive
Here&#39;s my plan for saving up for a house - What can I do to improve?
Legal requirements to sell design content, artwork and also freelance in India?
Save on taxes by paying oneself dividends instead of salary from a Canadian company
What&#39;s the number 2, 1.84, 2.35 meaning in this news report?
Why HKD-USD conversion rate has been so stable for years?
How to make a decision for used vs new car if I want to keep the car long term?
How does GST on PayPal payments work for Australian Taxation?
Having more tax deductables than tax paid
Self-employed individual 401k self, match, and profit sharing contribution limits?
Exercise a put option when shorting is not possible
Is it a good idea to max out a zero interest revolving credit account?
How to do charitable donation from RRSP? Can there be a tax benefit?
Consequences of having reported FBAR with an account missing?
Best way for for soon to turn 18 to learn about money?
how is weight in fund calculated for an ETF
Can I cash in a ripped bill?
Where to park large amount of money that should be easily accessible?
When someone retires is their Social Security check amount set forever?
I am a contractor with revenue below UK&#39;s VAT threshold.  Should I register for VAT?
Working out if I should be registered as self-employed in the UK
How do I split my income with my wife?
Insurance Copay requirement when paying 100% deductible
Calculating the Price of a Bond
How to transfer large sum from out of country to USA?
How to know more about my tax situation in the States
Are there hidden downsides to a shorter mortgage?
Is it possible to sell early on a house in a 30-year mortgage?
Cheapest way to wire or withdraw money from US account while living in Europe
Which US services allow small/micro-payments using a credit card?
What things should I consider when getting a joint-mortgage?
Does high frequency trading (HFT) punish long-term investment?
How to sell a worthless option
What are the common income tax deductions used by &quot;rich&quot; salaried households?
How to find implicit rental rate?
Is my salary in UK taxable in India?
Quicken Direct Connect Script/Logic/Add-On Support
If I work abroad and earn money in that country, does UK tax apply to it?
Regarding FICA and MEDFICA tax return!
233 days India/132 days US - entire US salary taxable in India?
Difference between Fortnightly and Monthly pay
How smart is it to really be 100% debt free?
Can one get NI in UK to pay taxes without home address
Could someone help me understand bond information?
Is is possible to dispute IRS underpayment penalties?
Can lose everything even when house is almost paid off?
How to amend IRS form 8606?
Settling small transactions between friends via cash vs bank transfer
Life Insurance Policy for my Dad
I have forgot my bank account number; how do I regain access to my account?
Why there&#39;s always a very huge volume of trades for AAPL every day before market close?
Selling units/shares in my startup to my Roth IRA
Can I open a rollover IRA account in the US when I am not a citizen, nor no longer live there?
Does a market maker sell (buy) at a bid or ask price?
Difference in Interest Calculations Using Loan Calculator
How to invest Rs.10k in India
Can amended tax return filed before tax return cause errors?
Why are rewards for credit cards so much better than debit cards?
Why should I not disclose my salary?
Formal Definition of APR
Do I have to work a certain amount of hours in order to get paid monthly?
Will my wife&#39;s business losses offset my income on a joint tax return?
APR for a Loan Paid Off Monthly
GnuCash &quot;Currency Sync Point&quot; (Fix currency in a wallet at a given date)
If I haven&#39;t filed in 2 years, does year 1&#39;s refund automatically apply to year 2 and prevent penalty?
Does making credit card tax payment through service provider constitute IRS form 4868 extension request?
Get GnuCash to use the Opening Balances account for new accounts
What steps are required to transfer real estate into a LLC?
How to calculate the potential difference of putting money into buying my house vs paying it into a pension
&quot;In-the-Money&quot; vs &quot;Out-of-the-Money&quot; Call Options
Are there services/software other than Quicken that can directly make bank account transfers?
APR for a Loan Paid Off in Monthly Payments for 9 Months
How can I reduce my tax liability on proceeds from the sale of a company?
Where can I find P/E and CAPE data for different sectors, countries and market capitalizations
Is my car insurance trying to pull money out of me?
Is retaining a deposit for an apartment in this scenario considered legal?
Sole employee of my own S-Corp - investment options? 401k, Roth, SEP?
Is a Home Warranty worth the money?
Duplicating transaction splits in gnucash?
How to translate old price amounts to their modern day equivalents?
Is there a lower threshold for new EU VAT changes coming 1 Jan 2015 related to the sale of digital goods?
Does keeping &#39;long-term&#39; safety net in bonds make sense?
Do I need to bargain with my credit card customer service for better offers?
Do I need to pay income tax for money earned in the U.S. &amp; transferred to my account in India?
What to do if I get refunded by my 401k for being considered HCE?
How do I calculate the return on my stock _call_ option, similar to my _put_ example?
In-laws moving in (financial/tax implications)?
Whole life insurance as an investment vehicle
Canada: Can financial institutions borrow against all RRSP assets?
Why are exchange rates fixed for prolonged periods of time?
Why do pennyauction sites force you to buy credit packages?
Worry about trading High Interest Savings Accounts only by phone?
Shareholder in US based company
Are contributions to ROTH IRA/401k effectivly bigger then to IRA
How do you maintain your personal financial account #s and passwords?
Where can I find a historical list of notable candlestick patterns?
How (or is it necessary) to rebalance a 401k with only one index fund?
Shares Canceled after Merger
Remitting Money To India Towards Home Loan Repayment
Is there a reciprocal agreement between US and UK for credit on social security taxes?
Any minimum 1% tax on taxable-income for low bracket and large capital gains?
Is there a time limit on claiming medical expenses for HSA?
401k vs. real estate for someone who is great at saving?
How good is FSCS protection vs. eToro?
Can I go beyond my 15% contribution cap when I start contributing to 401k in fourth quarter?
How does a dealer (or market maker) earn the bid-ask spread on a stock?
Should I file FBAR for the 1st year of permanent residency
US corporate bonds index
Bonus issue - Increasing share capital
Does VSMAX invest in smaller companies than FSEVX?
What does it mean for a normal citizen like me when my country&#39;s dollar value goes down?
How can one identify institutional accumulation of a particular stock using price and volume data?
What does the divided income number signify?
Brokerage&#39;s calculation of my profits or losses on stock trades
Project future trend of a stock with high positive autocorrelation
Can my employer change wage rates based upon medical coverage choices?
Do I need to register as self employed in Ontario, Canada?
Real estate loans for repairs
What is tax form SA2002, in the UK
Mortgage loan and move money to US
Account that is debited and account that is credited
Can I change my loan term from 60 to 36 months?
How to calculate earnings per share for an ETF
Do I still need to pay capital gains taxes when I profit from a stock in a foreign currency?
Putting a calendar spread as a limit order
Clarification on options jargon regarding spreads
Is this a Trailing Limit if Touched Order or something simpler?
Is permanent facial hair removal economically worthwhile?
Defer bonus pay to next year
Account closed, exemption order
Is it possible to reject a direct deposit?
(US) What is the deduction for gifts of appreciated stock with restricted registration rights?
Do money markets fluctuate during market crashes?
How do I dispose of my old checks?
How do you typically pay a deposit for a house?
Help identifying trading strategy based on Mandelbrot
Unable to withdraw money from Paypal in Andorra
What is the added advantage of a broker being a member of NFA in addition to IIROC
Condo Loss Carryover to offset IRA Distribution
How can I reduce transaction fees, such as CA certificate costs, on several wire transfers per week?
How to choose basic health insurance in the Netherlands?
What&#39;s a Letter of Credit? Are funds held in my bank for the amount in question?
Do we need to provide correspondent bank information for wire transfers?
Sales taxes on Groupons or LivingSocial coupons?
What is the fair value of a stock given the bid and ask prices? Is there such a relationship?
First time homebuyer/investor: How to best allocate money towards paying off mortgage?
Does the following kind of retirement product exist?
Where can I open an estate account, if I&#39;m located in a different state?
Renting Out A Spare Room UK
What is the easiest way to open a foreign Bank Account?
Using the online broker as a currency converter
How can someone with a new job but no credit history get a loan to settle another debt?
How much do I ACTUALLY pay when I am going to buy a car?
Are there any online tools to examine asset allocation and portfolio diversification?
When Employees are &quot;Granted&quot; Stock Options, is the Company encouraging Long-Term investments from them?
How does agreed value insurance work with inflation?
Pay check from an old employer
Non-tax-resident of Canada needs to pay taxes for investment account earnings?
No Load &amp; No Transaction Fee, are there any hidden costs?
Do I pay taxes on my SSI benefits
Employer 1099 Pointing to the Old Address Instead of New Address
If a startup receives investment money, does the startup founder/owner actually gain anything?
International Student in United Kingdom eligible to Invest
Why do I need an attorney to buy a house?
What is the best and most optimal way to use margin
Why having large capital is advantageous to trading
Huge return on investment, I feel like im doing the math wrong
Benefits available to single-mom with low income, in Canada?
Should I use a Roth 401K rather than 529 to save for children&#39;s college?
Is the phrase &#39;sell premium&#39; another way of saying &#39;sell an option&#39;
Potential pitfalls of this volume trading strategy
How do I deal with a clinic billing mistake that was sent to collections?
FSA when a retirement agreement has been put into place
Trade options on index or the ETF that tracks the index
What are ways to increase my income after taxes?
How long are checks issued by Bank of America valid?
PayPal- Quick Overview
What is the best way to accept payment when selling a used car?
How to change the default validity length of a check in the US when emitting it?
Is there a candlestick pattern that guarantees any kind of future profit?
FICO score provided by discover card legit?
How do I use the voting rights associated with my U.S. shares?
Covered call vs naked put in online brokerages
Are option contracts subject to mark to market rules
Does bank will share our address with others?
Does it make sense to look for medical plans outside &quot;Obamacare&quot;?
Why use credit when you have the cash?
Why do mortgage affordability recommendations use gross income?
Exercise an out of the money option
Finance car with or with out a balloon payment
Approved for a Credit Line of $700 BoA
Best way to pay off debt?
Why do so many people trade a bankrupt company&#39;s stock?
Why would a car company lend me money at a very low interest rate?
Lending Club - Interest rate and interest received compared with total payments discrepancy?
For my self assessment do I need to fill out both the Capital Gains Summary and Tax Return?
I am under 18 years old, in the US, my parents have terrible credit, how can I take out a loan?
(UK) If i inform the Jobcentre that I am paying someone&#39;s rent, will it harm their benefits claim?
Why the different fees for credit and debit card payments?
Can net income attributed to shareholders exceed firmwide net income?
Good trust account in the UK
What do the numbers on my credit/debit card mean?
gnucash - Record several years data
Financial times vs free news
What happens to bonds values when interest rates rise?
Freelancing from India to US employer: Can they deposit pay to my US Account?
Is there any truth to the saying &#39;99% of the world&#39;s millionaires have become rich by doing real estate&#39;?
How does a new employee maintain their existing intellectual property when taking a job with a large company?
file a complaint to bureaus of a company&#39;s residence if you live in another country?
Not paying cash for a house
refund or replacement for a faulty product purchased online with mastercard?
When to apply for a new credit card?
What method can be used to estimate additional withholding so no taxes are owed on filing?
Credit Card Payment Cycles
How can you sell stocks if you do not have any?
The formula equivalent of EBITDA for personal finance?
How to evaluate my mutual fund performance?
If I move money from my home country to the United States, what taxes need paid?
Calendar year changes and Out-of-Pocket reset
How does tax work with donations?
What is the different between one company&#39;s two OTCMKTS symbols?
How would I go about selling the stock of a privately held company?
What taxes does a US citizen doing freelance work (self-employed) in the UK have to pay to the US government?
What constitutes &quot;Account Activity&quot; in a debt collection timeline?
Risks in investing savings into retail superannuation in Australia?
How does CD early withdrawal fee work?
Can you take a capital loss upon sale after probate action assigns a different value?
Advantages and disadvantages for Hp gas and indane gas
How to safely exit a falling security?
How do you get your tax transcript if you are a citizen of another country?
Any Loop Holes for Owner Occupancy?
Self directed IRA holds income property that generates cash flow. Can we withdraw based on wife&#39;s age?
Single member LLC capital contributions and IRS reporting
Is per diem taxable?
How does AMT/state taxes work for stock options in California?
Is it legal to sell my stock at any specified price to a specified person in US Market?
How do these factors affect engagement rings as an investment?
How should I allocate short-term assets in a rising-interest rate environment?
What does an interest rate &quot;calculated daily and paid monthly&quot; on my bank account exactly mean?
How secure is my 403(b)? Can its assets be &quot;raided&quot;?
Do US mutual funds and ETFs pay taxes on dividends?
Ready for my first home
How can I find out how much a dealer would really pay for my car?
Buying &amp; Selling Call Options
Do I need ITIN or TIN to get my money from a closed back account from the US Govt?
What exactly changes following a stock split? Why doesn&#39;t &quot;Shares&quot; (on the following SEC balance sheet) change?
We want to sell a house we own 50% but the other parties do not
Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career?
Why is the future quote lower than the underlying?
Which are the countries which have zero withholding tax on dividends for foreigners?
Why is it 100 oz and not one ounce?
Historical day-to-day prices for all mutual funds (best if through an API)
Help with Constant Growth Model Approach
Borrowing from Solo 401K vs Line of Credit
Does a market maker make any money in a liquid asset with tight bid ask spread
Is there a Canadian credit card which shows holds?
Do I need ID theft Insurance?
Time premium of at the money options
Please help me understand reasons for differences in Government Bond Yields
Do Americans really use checks that often?
Does the expense ratio of a fund-of-funds include the expense ratios of its holdings?
Are there any agent-based software for the stock-market?
How is non-deductible portion of Traditional IRA determined at time of withdrawal?
Do I have to pay tax on cash my brother is paying me for my half interest in a shared house?
renter&#39;s insurance for causing property damage
Square reported girlfriend&#39;s business income under her SSN, triggering IRS issues (2012). Square support is awful, what recourse does she have?
Paying Off Debt: When CC Companies Won&#39;t Reduce APR
Where can I find accurate historical distribution data for mutual funds?
What is the logic behind peak interest rates for 390 days FDs in India?
What is a term for the elements of a balance sheet?
How to use debit card with money on savings account?
How to reduce income tax in India?
Income Tax Refund
Calculating APR
Where can I find quarterly earnings-per-share data for the major U.S. market indices?
Should I encourage my spouse to jointly sign our rental lease?
Why are prices in EUR for consumer items often the same number as original USD price, but the GBP price applies the actual exchange rate?
What would current US interest rates be if left to the free market?
Are medical deductions and FSAs mutually exclusive?
Are there any viable alternatives to Paypal for a small site?
Getting historical data and low-latency trading for futures
ING commission to withdraw cash from ATM in Bangkok
Did the New York Stock Exchange ever close on a weekday so they could file paperwork?
Any strategies to screen high risk, hopefully high reward stocks?
income tax for purchased/sold short term &amp; long term shares
What do I need to start trading in the NSE (National Stock Exchange)?
Do I need to pay Income Tax if i am running a escrow service in India
How much should I pay to bank for educational loan?
Why do stocks tend to trade at high volumes at the end of (or start) the trading day?
Net Sales and Operating Income
Difference between various loan calculation modes
Why do companies have a fiscal year different from the calendar year?
For a car, would you pay cash, finance for 0.9% or lease for 0.9%?
Life insurance policy
Need a loan to buy property in India. What are my options?
Should I combine all my pension pots?
How to extract 2 years of historical data for all ASX companies?
How to take care of multiple student loans (consolidation, payment strategies)
What should I do with my credit card debt?
Options for retirment investing if no company 401K available
How can I pay a vendor using a wire transfer from my credit card?
How do &quot;family&quot; deductibles work on US health insurance policies?
Legality of facilitating currency exchange between private accounts
Check number and written amount don&#39;t match
Inflation &amp; Time value of money
Difference between GOOGL and GOOG
Why don&#39;t banks print their own paper money / bank notes?
What happens if I make an unintentional over payment into a UK Cash ISA?
Tax planning for Indian TDS on international payments
Can a weekly and a monthly option expire on same date
What happens to the put option (longer expiration) of a collar if the call gets assigned?
What Happens To Stocks During Hyperinflation
What are some pre-tax programs similar to FSA that I can take advantage of?
institutional ownership -- why is it so convoluted
What kind of returns can I expect from a REIT? How can I find a list of legit REITs - especially outside the USA?
Quickbooks Online &#39;add&#39; vs &#39;transfer&#39;
What is the best way to move money to the US from Brazil?
What special rules, if any, need to be followed for US citizens to put money in Australian savings accounts?
Market Maker *Ask* below current *BID*
When to use visa debit /MC debit
Self-directed rollover IRA and foreign country investment
Why does my bonus at year end get taxed at a different rate?
Is Mint allowed to share user data with other Intuit entities?
i have an old 401k from a previous emplyer that i hanvt done anything with
Online options simulator that shows Greeks of a option position in near real time
Are there limits on frequency of withdrawal from Roth 401K?
Are there ways to lower or postpone student loan payments while my wife is sick?
Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career?
How smart is it to really be 100% debt free?
Who can truly afford luxury cars?
Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market?
Why does gold have value?
In the stock market, why is the &quot;open&quot; price value never the same as previous day&#39;s &quot;close&quot;?
Should I finance a new home theater at 0% even though I have the cash for it?
Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary?
In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive?
Where can I park my rainy-day / emergency fund? Savings accounts don&#39;t generate much interest
How can Americans get a chip-and-pin credit card for use while abroad?
What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it?
How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser)
Why don&#39;t banks give access to all your transaction activity?
15 year mortgage vs 30 year paid off in 15
Why is the stock market closed on the weekend?
What are the best software tools for personal finance?
Should you always max out contributions to your 401k?
Should I sign the back of my credit card?
Is it safe to give out one&#39;s bank account number?
How to get rid of someone else&#39;s debt collector?
What are some tips for getting the upper hand in car price negotiations?
How can I invest in country A to take advantage of their great interest rate while I live in country B?
What is the best way to accept payment when selling a used car?
Why does a company pay dividends at all?
Are there hidden downsides to a shorter mortgage?
Pay online: credit card or debit card?
Are you preparing for a possible dollar (USD) collapse? (How?)
Saving for retirement: How much is enough?
Should I buy a house with a friend?
How big of a mortgage can I realistically afford?
Friends come with hat in hand, but I don&#39;t think it will help
Why are businesses allowed to deduct expenses from their income, while individuals generally cannot?
What is the best asset allocation for a retirement portfolio, and why?
Is insurance worth it if you can afford to replace the item? If not, when is it?
Theoretically, if I bought more than 50% of a company&#39;s stocks, will I own the company?
How can one get their FICO/credit scores for free? (really free)
Is inflation a good or bad thing? Why do governments want some inflation?
Do Americans really use checks that often?
It is legal for a retailer/store or other business to refuse $50 &amp; $100 bills or other legal tender, e.g. pennies?
What are the downsides that prevent more people from working in high-income countries, and then retiring in low-income (and cost of living) ones?
Are bank customers allowed to provide username &amp; password to sites like Mint.com?
I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment?
What would you do with a large land inheritance with high tax rate?
How common is counterfeit money in circulation?
Why use credit when you have the cash?
I&#39;m saving money too fast. What should I do?
I am considering leasing a new car for my ex-wife. What can go wrong?
What are the reasons to get more than one credit card?
Is there a reason why someone shouldn&#39;t buy into a temporarily cheap currency of an otherwise solid economy?
What is the purpose of endorsing a check?
What happens to my savings if my country defaults or restructures its debt?
Storing Gold and Silver
My credit card company is asking for my current income citing &quot;Federal Regulations&quot;
Why do Americans have to file taxes, even if their only source of income is from a regular job?
Recent graduate with new job: Choose Roth 401(k), or traditional 401(k)?
Options for dummies. Can you explain how puts &amp; calls work, simply?
Why do gas stations charge different amounts in the same local area?
Why are credit cards preferred in the US?
What are the economic benefits of owning a home in the United States?
Is it valid to write checks without spelling out the amount?
Will my children owe taxes on my life insurance proceeds?
Why might it be advisable to keep student debt vs. paying it off quickly?
Everyone says save at least 10% of your income. What counts as &quot;saving&quot;?
How does start-up equity end up paying off?
One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this?
Can someone explain a stock&#39;s &quot;bid&quot; vs. &quot;ask&quot; price relative to &quot;current&quot; price?
Why do a lot of people recommend Vanguard so often?
Should I pay an extra $100 every month on my mortgage or pay $1200 extra every year at the beginning of the year?
How does the Patient Affordable Care Act (aka &quot;ObamaCare&quot;) affect my taxes?
What are some creative ways to run up my credit card bill without any cost to me?
How to organize bank accounts with wife when adding mortgage
I received a refund when I did not return the item, and they won&#39;t reverse the refund? At what point is that considered &quot;my money&quot;?
How do credit card companies make profit?
Where do countries / national governments borrow money from?
What exactly can a financial advisor do for me, and is it worth the money?
Can I trust the Motley Fool?
What to do when a job offer is made but with a salary less than what was asked for?
Loan to son - how to get it back
I&#39;m only spending roughly half of what I earn; should I spend more?
Which practice to keep finances after getting married: joint, or separate?
How to help a financially self destructive person?
I&#39;m giving my car to my sister. Should I gift it or sell it?
Optimal way to use a credit card to build better credit?
How do rich people guarantee the safety of their money, when savings exceed the FDIC limit?
What, if any, are the downsides of direct deposit?
Shares; are they really only for the rich/investors?
What percentage of my budget should the mortgage be?
In general, is it financially better to buy or to rent a house?
Are there any risks from using mint.com?
Declare Bankruptcy or Just Wait Seven Years?
How can I adjust tax withholding so that I don&#39;t get a large Tax Refund?
Why will the bank only loan us 80% of the value of our fully paid for home?
Will a credit card issuer cancel an account if it never incurs interest?
I&#39;m thinking of getting a new car ... why shouldn&#39;t I LEASE one?
What are &quot;preferred&quot; stocks? How are they different from normal (common) stocks?
Are credit card rewards taxable?
Should I pay more than 20% down on a home?
Why do consultants or contractors make more money than employees?
Pros/Cons of a Health Savings Account (HSA) in the USA?
Best way to start investing, for a young person just starting their career?
How smart is it to really be 100% debt free?
Who can truly afford luxury cars?
Why would a company care about the price of its own shares in the stock market?
Why does gold have value?
In the stock market, why is the &quot;open&quot; price value never the same as previous day&#39;s &quot;close&quot;?
Should I finance a new home theater at 0% even though I have the cash for it?
Why would you ever turn down a raise in salary?
In a competitive market, why is movie theater popcorn expensive?
Where can I park my rainy-day / emergency fund? Savings accounts don&#39;t generate much interest
How can Americans get a chip-and-pin credit card for use while abroad?
What can I replace Microsoft Money with, now that MS has abandoned it?
How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser)
Why don&#39;t banks give access to all your transaction activity?
15 year mortgage vs 30 year paid off in 15
Why is the stock market closed on the weekend?
What are the best software tools for personal finance?
Should you always max out contributions to your 401k?
Should I sign the back of my credit card?
Is it safe to give out one&#39;s bank account number?
How to get rid of someone else&#39;s debt collector?
What are some tips for getting the upper hand in car price negotiations?
How can I invest in country A to take advantage of their great interest rate while I live in country B?
What is the best way to accept payment when selling a used car?
Why does a company pay dividends at all?
Are there hidden downsides to a shorter mortgage?
Pay online: credit card or debit card?
Are you preparing for a possible dollar (USD) collapse? (How?)
Saving for retirement: How much is enough?
Should I buy a house with a friend?
How big of a mortgage can I realistically afford?
Friends come with hat in hand, but I don&#39;t think it will help
Why are businesses allowed to deduct expenses from their income, while individuals generally cannot?
What is the best asset allocation for a retirement portfolio, and why?
Is insurance worth it if you can afford to replace the item? If not, when is it?
Theoretically, if I bought more than 50% of a company&#39;s stocks, will I own the company?
How can one get their FICO/credit scores for free? (really free)
Is inflation a good or bad thing? Why do governments want some inflation?
Do Americans really use checks that often?
It is legal for a retailer/store or other business to refuse $50 &amp; $100 bills or other legal tender, e.g. pennies?
What are the downsides that prevent more people from working in high-income countries, and then retiring in low-income (and cost of living) ones?
Are bank customers allowed to provide username &amp; password to sites like Mint.com?
I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment?
What would you do with a large land inheritance with high tax rate?
How common is counterfeit money in circulation?
Why use credit when you have the cash?
I&#39;m saving money too fast. What should I do?
I am considering leasing a new car for my ex-wife. What can go wrong?
What are the reasons to get more than one credit card?
Is there a reason why someone shouldn&#39;t buy into a temporarily cheap currency of an otherwise solid economy?
What is the purpose of endorsing a check?
What happens to my savings if my country defaults or restructures its debt?
Storing Gold and Silver
My credit card company is asking for my current income citing &quot;Federal Regulations&quot;
Why do Americans have to file taxes, even if their only source of income is from a regular job?
Recent graduate with new job: Choose Roth 401(k), or traditional 401(k)?
Options for dummies. Can you explain how puts &amp; calls work, simply?
Why do gas stations charge different amounts in the same local area?
Why are credit cards preferred in the US?
What are the economic benefits of owning a home in the United States?
Is it valid to write checks without spelling out the amount?
Will my children owe taxes on my life insurance proceeds?
Why might it be advisable to keep student debt vs. paying it off quickly?
Everyone says save at least 10% of your income. What counts as &quot;saving&quot;?
How does start-up equity end up paying off?
One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this?
Can someone explain a stock&#39;s &quot;bid&quot; vs. &quot;ask&quot; price relative to &quot;current&quot; price?
Why do a lot of people recommend Vanguard so often?
Should I pay an extra $100 every month on my mortgage or pay $1200 extra every year at the beginning of the year?
How does the Patient Affordable Care Act (aka &quot;ObamaCare&quot;) affect my taxes?
What are some creative ways to run up my credit card bill without any cost to me?
How to organize bank accounts with wife when adding mortgage
I received a refund when I did not return the item, and they won&#39;t reverse the refund? At what point is that considered &quot;my money&quot;?
How do credit card companies make profit?
Where do countries / national governments borrow money from?
What exactly can a financial advisor do for me, and is it worth the money?
Can I trust the Motley Fool?
What to do when a job offer is made but with a salary less than what was asked for?
Loan to son - how to get it back
I&#39;m only spending roughly half of what I earn; should I spend more?
Which practice to keep finances after getting married: joint, or separate?
How to help a financially self destructive person?
I&#39;m giving my car to my sister. Should I gift it or sell it?
Optimal way to use a credit card to build better credit?
How do rich people guarantee the safety of their money, when savings exceed the FDIC limit?
What, if any, are the downsides of direct deposit?
Shares; are they really only for the rich/investors?
What percentage of my budget should the mortgage be?
In general, is it financially better to buy or to rent a house?
Are there any risks from using mint.com?
Declare Bankruptcy or Just Wait Seven Years?
How can I adjust tax withholding so that I don&#39;t get a large Tax Refund?
Why will the bank only loan us 80% of the value of our fully paid for home?
Will a credit card issuer cancel an account if it never incurs interest?
I&#39;m thinking of getting a new car ... why shouldn&#39;t I LEASE one?
What are &quot;preferred&quot; stocks? How are they different from normal (common) stocks?
Are credit card rewards taxable?
Should I pay more than 20% down on a home?
Why do consultants or contractors make more money than employees?
Pros/Cons of a Health Savings Account (HSA) in the USA?
Do I even need credit cards?
Does it make any sense to directly contribute to reducing the US national debt?
Why do people buy insurance even if they have the means to overcome the loss?
Strategies for putting away money for a child&#39;s future (college, etc.)?
Estate with negative net worth
What happens if a bank loses your safe deposit box?
If I have $1000 to invest in penny stocks online, should I diversify risk and invest in many of them or should I invest in just in one?
What&#39;s the catch with biweekly mortgage payments?
How much life insurance do I need?
When should I start an LLC for my side work?
Why do governments borrow money instead of printing it?
Is the &quot;Bank on Yourself&quot; a legitimate investment strategy, or a scam?
Peer to Peer Lending Sites - Good Investment or Insane?
What&#39;s the catch in investing in real estate for rent?
Strategic countermeasures to overcome crisis in Russia
Am I obligated to file through a tax preparer after an unsatisfactory consultation?
Is a high credit limit on a credit card bad?
How do I know when I am financially stable/ready to move out on my own?
How do I explain why debt on debt is bad to my brother?
How do I invest and buy/sell stocks?  What does &quot;use a broker&quot; mean?
What to do with sudden wealth?
Why is the dominant investing advice for individuals to use mutual funds, exchanged traded funds (ETFs), etc
Mutual fund value went down, shares went up, no action taken by me
If I plan to buy a car in cash, should I let the dealer know?
Start a business or remain an employee?
Student loan payments and opportunity costs
I spend too much money. How can I get on the path to a frugal lifestyle?
As a general rule, how much in &quot;liquid&quot; emergency savings should I have?
Why do people use mortgages, when they could just pay for the house in full?
Why do stores and manufacturers use mail in rebates? A scam, or is there a way to use them effectively?
Started new job. Rollover previous employer 401k to new 401k, IRA or Roth IRA?
Are there any Credit cards with no foreign transaction fee for international travel?
Can&#39;t the account information on my checks be easily used for fraud?
Do traditional and Roth 401k have the same annual contribution limit?
Prices go up and salary doesn&#39;t: where goes delta?
Paying Off Principal of Home vs. Investing In Mutual Fund
How are startup shares worth more than the total investment funding?
&quot;One should save about 15% of their income for retirement.&quot; What assumptions are tacit in that statement?
What does &quot;Yield Curve&quot; mean?
1.4 million cash. What do I do?
Why is transferring money online to someone else&#39;s bank account so difficult in the U.S.?
Found an old un-cashed paycheck. How long is it good for? What to do if it&#39;s expired?
To pay off a student loan, should I save up a lump sum payoff payment or pay extra each month?
What are the differences between a &quot;traditional&quot; IRA and a Roth IRA?
What is the difference between &quot;good debt&quot; vs. &quot;bad debt&quot;?
What is a trust? What are the different types of trusts?
How does one effectively negotiate rent?
How can I tell if buying a cheaper car will end up costing me more?
Any experience with maxing out 401(k)?
Is a Home Warranty worth the money?
What does it mean to run my debit card as credit?
What U.S. banks offer two-factor authentication (such as password &amp; token) for online banking?
I have $100,000 in play money... what to do?
Importance of liquidity in emergency fund?
Why is Insider Trading Illegal?
Is 0% credit card utilization worse than 1-20% credit card utilization for any reason other than pure statistics?
Is there any inherent difference between Visa and Mastercard credit cards?
When should I walk away from my mortgage?
How risky is it to keep my emergency fund in stocks?
Dad paying for my new home in cash. How can I buy the house from him?
I earn $75K, have $30K in savings, no debt, rent from my parents who are losing their home. Should I buy a home now or save?
After hitting 80% LTV, my mortgage lender refuses to remove PMI. Any recourse?
How does one find a good financial advisor?
What are the best strategies to give pocket money or an allowance to children?
Why do people take out life insurance on their children? Should I take out a policy on my child?
What&#39;s the average nest egg (savings) for someone age 26? Website for comparison?
Is home renovation ever a good investment?
Should I wait until I have a 20% down payment to buy a home?
How to donate money anonymously?
Can paying down a mortgage be considered an &quot;investment&quot;?
How do I get into investing in stocks?
What differentiates index funds and ETFs?
Should I really pay off my entire credit card balance each month or should I maintain some balance?
Can I open a US bank account even if I don&#39;t live in the country?
How can a credit card company make any money off me? I have a no-fee card and pay my balance on time
What should I be aware of as a young investor?
How much should I be contributing to my 401k given my employer&#39;s contribution?
Paying off home mortgage and lender wants a &quot;Recording Fee&quot;
Where to start with personal finance?
Do stock prices drop due to dividends?
Would it make sense to buy a rental property as an LLC and not in my own name?
Using a Health Savings Account (HSA) as an investment vehicle: What are the drawbacks?
What can I realistically do to raise my credit score?
Abundance of Cash - What should I do?
I haven&#39;t filed a return to the IRS in 10 years
Can my employer limit my maximum 401k contribution amount (below the IRS limit)?
Difference between GOOGL and GOOG
Do credit checks affect credit scores?
Should my rainy day fund be fixed or should I increase it by a little every month?
Is there any reason not to put a 35% down payment on a car?
Online money management applications: Do you trust Mint.com or Quicken Online, or other personal finance tools online?
What are some tips to help avoid impulse-buying?
Is Real Estate ever a BAD investment? If so, when?
What is the meaning of &quot;short selling&quot; or &quot;going short&quot; a stock?
Someone asks you to co-sign a loan. How to reject &amp; say &quot;no&quot; nicely or politely?
What are the advantages of a Swiss bank account?
Where should I park my rainy-day / emergency fund?
What should I reserve &quot;emergency savings&quot; for?
If I make over 120k a year, what are my options for retirement plans?
Why are American Express cards are not as popular as Visa or MasterCard?
Why did gold prices drop in 1981?
US bank w/ free online incoming/outgoing international wire transfers, no monthly charges, online application
Do I actually have to pay my daughter minimum wage for helping around the house?
401k Contribution When Employer Has No Match?
Does gold&#39;s value decrease over time due to the fact that it is being continuously mined?
What tax law loophole is Buffet referring to?
How can life insurance possibly work as investment?
Is it bad etiquette to use a credit or debit card to pay for single figure amounts at the POS
Can lose everything even when house is almost paid off?
Where should my money go next: savings, investments, retirement, or my mortgage?
Why is there such disparity of max contribution limits between 401K accounts and regular IRA accounts?
Multi-user, non-US personal finance and budget software
How to invest in stocks without using an intermediary like a broker? Can shares be bought direct?
What do the numbers on my credit/debit card mean?
Are precious metals/collectibles a viable emergency fund?
Sales tax &quot;trick&quot; while buying a used car; i.e. declaring sale at lower than actual transaction value?
How exactly does dealing in stock make me money?
Are warehouse clubs like Costco and Sam&#39;s Club worth it?
I&#39;m 23, living at home, and still can&#39;t afford my own property. What could I do?
Is there any way to know how much new money the US is printing?
Need advice recovering money lost due to debit card fraud! Bank wont help!
What strategies could be employed so as to avoid identity theft and credit card frauds?
How much is a typical food budget per person?
Why is everyone saying how desperately we need to save money &quot;in this economy&quot;?
What&#39;s the difference between credit unions and banks?
Global credit record: Would my good credit history apply internationally?
When is it better to rent and when is better buy in a certain property market?
What is a good asset allocation for a 25 year old?
Which credit card is friendliest to merchants?
Can&#39;t get started with budgeting -- no discipline! Any ideas on getting out of this rut?
Buy a smaller home now, and buy a bigger home later OR just wait to buy the bigger home later
Why is the fractional-reserve banking not a Ponzi scheme?
What warnings would you tell a friend about to enter a multi-level marketing (MLM) business venture?
How would bonds fare if interest rates rose?
Buying my first car out of college
Ideal net worth by age X? Need comparison references
What are the primary risks of buying a house in a short sale?
What is a good rental yield?
Is it true that 90% of investors lose their money?
Canada: Girlfriend did not file tax return since 2006. What to do?
Why do people buy stocks that pay no dividend?
Why don&#39;t some places require a credit card receipt signature, and some do?
How can a person with bad credit climb out of it?
What happens to my credit history if I pay before my credit card bill is generated?
Employer time requirements to transfer from paycheck to 401(k)
Investing small amounts at regular intervals while minimizing fees?
How to make a decision for used vs new car if I want to keep the car long term?
I&#39;ve often heard of the &quot;snowball&quot; method for paying off credit card debt. How does it work?
What is a reverse mortgage?
Can you explain &quot;time value of money&quot; and &quot;compound interest&quot; and provide examples of each?
What&#39;s a good personal finance management web app that I can use in Canada?
Paying off student loans early/lump sum -- best practices?
Is there a limit on the dollar amount of a personal check?
How to invest after 401k and Roth IRA are maxed?
Are peer-to-peer loans viable options for savings/investing?
What headaches will I have switching from Quicken to GnuCash?
What&#39;s the proper way to negotiate a job offer&#39;s salary?
What is the best cross-platform GPL personal finance tool available?
How do you short US Treasuries?
Is it true that it&#39;s better to have bad credit than no credit?
How to evaluate stocks? e.g. Whether some stock is cheap or expensive?
Quit my job: What can/should I do with funds in previous employer&#39;s 401(k) plan?
Is it better to use a 401k loan to make a down payment or to put less than 20% down?
How will going from 75% Credit Utilization to 0% Credit Utilization affect my credit score?
What do you do if an employer underreported tips?
What is the best way to invest short term without losing principal?
Moving from full time to contractor
Good book-keeping software?
529 College Savings Worth It?
How does giving to charity work?
How do you measure the value of gold?
How to access a really old, untouched bank savings account?
Until about 1800, why did gold have any perceived value?
How much should I fund an HSA?  Is there a danger in over-funding one?
Snowball debt or pay off a large amount?
Why do banks encourage me to use online bill payment?
Pay off credit card debt or earn employer 401(k) match?
How can a person with really bad credit history rent decent housing?
What Mutual Funds does Dave Ramsey Invest in?
Accidentally cashed out 401k instead of rolling it into an IRA. What do i do?
Why are interest rates on saving accounts so low in USA and Europe?
Why would I buy a Bond at a Negative Interest rate?
Is there a benefit to creating a donor advised fund to make charitable donations instead of simply donating to organizations each month?
What are the advantages of paying off a mortgage quickly?
Why do banks want you to pay off interest before principal?
What to ask for on a business partnership?
Will I owe any taxes if I can write off every cent?
Why is paying mortgage interest considered by some to be beneficial?
Saving for brother&#39;s children
Will depositing $10k+ checks each month raise red flags with the IRS?
Can a company pay a net salary?
Does the following kind of retirement product exist?
Did Greece really issue bonds to investors yielding 42% interest?
I&#39;m being asked for installment tax payments, but I just started as a salaried employee. What should I do?
What&#39;s the differences between a discount broker and a regular broker?
Is selling your house without an agent worth the hassle?
What are some good ways to control costs for groceries?
What is the p/e ratio?
What are the important differences between mutual funds and Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)?
Aside from having to re-establish credit &amp; credit history, what are downsides to declaring personal bankruptcy?
Regular contribution threshold for ETF vs Index Mutual Fund?
Is it wise to invest money in the stock market?
Why does demand for stock rise when a company appears to have high future value?
May 6, 2010 stock market decline/plunge: Why did it drop 9% in a few minutes?
Should I pay off my student loan before putting money into Roth IRA?
Confusion about Roth 401K: Better for me to do pre-tax or Roth post-tax contributions?
Possible replacement for Quicken
What are the marks of poor investment advice?
Options revisited: Gold fever
Need advice about my financial situation
Relationship between silver and gold prices historically
The mathematics of dollar cost averaging
How should I handle a purchase when the credit-card reader is dead?
Is it allowed to use someone else&#39;s credit cards if you have permission from them?
How to store millions of dollars?
What would I miss out on by self insuring my car?
What factors are to be considered when deciding to go with a 15 year fixed vs a 30 years fixed?
Should I pay off my 50K of student loans as quickly as possible, or steadily? Why?
If the former owner of my home is still using the address, can it harm me?
devastated with our retirement money that we have left
If gold&#39;s price implodes then what goes up?
Algorithmic trading in linux using python
Do Banks Cause Inflation?  What are other possible causes?
Cashing a fishy cheque addressed to someone else
How does one value Facebook stock as a potential investment?
When applying for some jobs, why do they check your credit?
If I leave my job, what happens to my flexible spending account?
how to deal with involuntary out-of-network charges
Got a &quot;personal&quot; bonus from my boss. Do I have to pay taxes and if so, how do I go about that?
When does it make sense to cancel collision and comprehensive auto insurance?
Does high credit utilization, coupled with paying off my balance in full each month, increase my chances of an automatic credit limit increase?
Elderly person selling mutual fund?
How are long-term capital gains taxed if the gain pushes income into a new tax bracket?
As an employee, when is it inappropriate to request to see your young/startup company&#39;s financial statements?
Do banks give us interest even for the money that we only had briefly in our account?
What do I need to know before getting a loan?
If I donate depreciated stock to charity, can I deduct both the market value and the capital loss?
Why does Yahoo Finance and Google Finance not match historical prices?
Does a post-dated check have any *valid* use for delaying payment?
Who owned my shares before me?
What are the pitfalls of loaning money to friends or family? Is there a right way to do it?
What is the best way to go about cleaning up a poor credit rating?
When buying expensive electronics is it worth getting the extended warranty?
How can I reduce the cost of having a cell phone?
How can put options be used to buy shares at a lower price?
How easy is it to open a foreign bank account via the internet?
Pensions, why bother?
At what age should I start or stop saving money?
Why should I invest my money in a life insurance policy?
Should I keep a credit card open to maintain my credit score?
If I were to get audited, what would I need?
Does the US produce a gold coin?
How do I participate in Treasury auctions with my millions of dollars?
What is the proper way to report additional income for taxes (specifically, Android development)?
Relocated to USA. How to get credit card without existing credit history / score?
Why ask for Credit Card type?
Can a bunch of wealthy people force Facebook to go public?
How do you get rid of your spare change?
Credit Card Newbie - If I pay off my balance every month, what am I actually paying?
Why don&#39;t more people run up their credit cards and skip the country?
Why doesn&#39;t Japan just divide the Yen by 100?
The U.S. National Debt: What is it, where did it come from, and how does it work?
Buying insurance (extended warranty or guarantee) on everyday goods / appliances?
What publicly available software do professional stock traders use for stock analysis?
Why does my bonus at year end get taxed at a different rate?
What&#39;s the average credit limit?
Free/open source Unix software that pulls info from all my banks/brokers/credit cards?
Book or web site resources for an absolute beginner to learn about stocks and investing?
Is there any benefit to investing in an index fund?
Where should I put my will so that it can be easily found when the time comes?
What would be the signs of a bubble in silver?
Pros/cons for buying gold vs. saving money in an interest-based account?
Owner-Financed home sale or Land Contract -- how to handle the transaction and the ongoing entity?
Can it really hurt your credit to pay off things in collections?
Should I keep recently opened Credit Cards that I don&#39;t use?
Where should I park my money if I&#39;m pessimistic about the economy and I think there will be high inflation?
Why does my bank suddenly need to know where my money comes from?
For an investor, what&#39;s the appropriate response to the U.S. Debt downgrade?
Working on a tax free island to make money?
Why can&#39;t house prices be out of tune with salaries
What happened when the dot com bubble burst?
Does the United States really owe 114 trillion dollars?  Please explain &quot;unfunded liability&quot;?
On top of 20% down, are there any more rules of thumb for money needed to buy a house?
What precautions should I take when lending money to a friend?
Should I finance a used car or pay cash?
Buying a house, Bank or rent to own?
How does giving money to charity save you money on your taxes?
Is physical gold inflation-proof?
Legitimate unclaimed property that doesn&#39;t appear in any state directory?
Indie Software Developers - How do I handle taxes?
What is a stock split (reverse split)?
Will the popularity of index funds cause a pricing bubble in the stocks that make up an index?
How can I avoid international wire fees or currency transfer fees?
Seller refuses to accept offer on home until after inspection
Confused about employee stock options: How do I afford these?
My landlord is being foreclosed on. Should I confront him?
Indicators a stock is part of a pump and dump scheme?
Can someone explain the different kinds of annuities?
Why would you not want to rollover a previous employer&#39;s 401(k) when changing jobs?
Is it safer to send credit card number via unsecured website form or by e-mail? What safer options are there?
W2 vs 1099 Employee status
If I repaid a monetary gift, is still considered a gift by the IRS?
Pros &amp; cons in Hungary of investing retirement savings exclusively in silver? What better alternatives, given my concerns?
What will happen to my wife&#39;s debt when she passes away?
Uncashed lawsuit settlement check
Should I use IRA money to pay down my student loans?
How are retirement needs calculated for a couple with disparate ages?
Can I make a lump sum contribution to my employer&#39;s 401(k) plan?
Should I pay off a 0% interest car loan or put money towards high principal student loans?
How can I pull a credit report on my 20-year-old son?
Can I deduct a 2013 donation to charity on my 2014 tax return?
What&#39;s an Exchange-Traded Fund (ETF)?
Does dollar cost averaging really work?
Will our hefty student loans affect our chances of getting a mortgage?
What is &quot;financial literacy&quot; and how does one become &quot;financially literate&quot;?
If I have some old gold jewellery, is it worth it to sell it for its melt value?
What does Chapter 11 Bankruptcy mean to an investor holding shares of a Chapter 11 Company?
Saving $1,000+ per monthwhat should I do with it?
How often should I check my own credit score? If I do so, will my own inquiry reflect poorly on my score?
Should I &quot;hedge&quot; my IRA portfolio with a life cycle / target date mutual fund?
Offered a job: Should I go as consultant / independent contractor, or employee?
Can you have a Roth IRA and a traditional IRA? What about two separate IRA accounts of the same type?
What are some good, easy to use personal finance software? [UK]
I just moved to the United States. What should I do to develop a good credit rating, fast?
When a stock price rises, does the company get more money?
In the U.S., do you get paid for vacation days untaken when you leave a job?
How does mint.com connect to online banks in order to get or download transaction data?
When is Cash Value Life Insurance a good or bad idea?
What is CD laddering and what are its pros and cons?
Comprehensive tutorial on double-entry personal finance?
What happens when PayPal overdrafts a checking account (with an ample backup funding source available)?
How long should I keep my bills?
Can a merchant charge you more in the US if you want to use a credit card?
What ways are there for us to earn a little extra side money?
What should I look at before investing in a start-up?
Why do some people say a house &quot;not an investment&quot;?
Extra payments toward mortgage or student loans?
Who uses safe deposit boxes?
Do Roth IRA contribution limits apply to Rollover IRAs?
What is a &quot;fiat&quot; currency? Are there other types of currency?
Do you have to file taxes even if you didn&#39;t make any money?
As a US citizen, should I only have $50,000 in non US banks due to FATCA?
Has anyone compared an in-person Tax Advisor to software like Turbo Tax?
What are the tax implications of exercising options early?
At what point did my former primary residence become an income property?
Recent college grad. Down payment on a house or car?
Previous owner of my home wants to buy it back but the property&#39;s value is less than my loan... what to do?
Why is there a limit of 6 ACH transfers out of savings accounts (per month)?
Is an index fund a good choice for a starter investment?
How can rebuilding a city/large area be considered an economic boost?
What assets would be valuable in a post-apocalyptic scenario?
How is exchange rate calculated?
If a country can just print money, is global debt between countries real?
Should I pay off the credit cards now or do the monthly payments thing?
How can I make &quot;four equal&quot; quarterly tax payments when I don&#39;t know what my income will be?
What is the rationale behind stock markets retreating due to S&amp;P having a negative outlook on the USA?
Can I buy only 4 shares of a company?
At what interest rate should debt be used as a tool?
Why do non-electronic stock exchanges (with floor traders) still exist?
What is a good investment vehicle for introducing kids to investing?
Making a basic will without an attorney
What is the most travel-friendly bank and card?
Do I need ID theft Insurance?
Buying a home with down payment from family as a &quot;loan&quot;
Why is short-selling considered more &quot;advanced&quot; than a simple buy?
&quot;Savings&quot; account vs. &quot;current&quot; account - what&#39;s the difference?
Where can I sell some gold ounce bars I own, without getting screwed?
Do I need to own all the funds my target-date funds owns to mimic it?
Daily interest calculation combined with monthly compounding: Why do banks do this, and how-to in Excel?
How does one factor how much saving time is worth?
Should I pay myself a dividend or a salary?
How to best insure my phone?
Own my home, have no debt, and must start taking RMDs on an Inherited IRA. What should I do?
How much savings should you keep before paying off credit card debt?
What are the tax implications of a LendingClub loan writeoff?
Invest or save first?
Why do cash back credit cards give a higher rate for dining and gasoline purchases?
Father wants to gift child with approx $200k. Smartest way from USA tax perspective?
What kind of company is USAA?
Why would a company with a bad balance sheet be paying dividends?
Is there a way to disclaim an inheritance and decide who gets the inheritance that you disclaim?
How often can/should I apply for a credit limit increase?
How will I pay for college?
How do you balance the risk of having your wealth tied up?
Is it normal to think of money in different &quot;contexts&quot;?
A merchant requests that checks be made out to &quot;Cash&quot;. Should I be suspicious?
Can someone help me understand my student loans?
FOREX: Pair Trading, What is Really Happening?
What will the penalties be for someone without insurance after Affordable Care Act takes effect?
Does high frequency trading provide economic value?
How much percent of my salary should I use to invest in company stock?
How can banks afford to offer credit card rewards?
What&#39;s the fastest way I can raise my credit score from nothing?
Why is retirement planning so commonly recommended?
What are the common income tax deductions used by &quot;rich&quot; salaried households?
How does a public company issue new shares without diluting the value held by existing shareholders?
Why would anyone buy a government bond?
Sign up for credit card only for rewards and benefits, then cut it up - pros? cons?
Taxes: what do I do about getting a w2 from a startup that has gone belly up in the US?
Does doing your &quot;research&quot;/&quot;homework&quot; on stocks make any sense?
Why did one-year notes pay more than 10-year notes during the 1980&#39;s crisis?
Paying Off Debt: When CC Companies Won&#39;t Reduce APR
Is there any reason to not request a CC limit increase?
When can you use existing real estate as collateral to buy more?
Can a gift be re-gifted before a Chapter 7 Bankruptcy?
How do I discuss charitable contributions with a difficult Significant Other?
Pros and Cons of Interest Only Loans
What US law requires a bank to reopen a closed account if a third party sends money to it?
Is it okay to put household utilities in girlfriend&#39;s name if I own the home?
Am I using my credit card wrong?
What should I do with my credit card debt?
Is it bad to have multiple credit cards?
Is it okay to be married, 30 years old and have no retirement?
Explanations on credit cards in Canada
Not paying cash for a house
I&#39;m not broke, but I&#39;m feeling stuck on a fixed income
Do my kids need to file a tax return?
Why might a robo-advisor service like Betterment be preferable to just buying a single well-performing index fund like SPY?
Advantages of paying more of your mortgage while you know you won&#39;t continue to live there your whole life
Apartment lease renewal - is this rate increase normal?
What&#39;s are the differences between &quot;defined contribution&quot; and &quot;defined benefit&quot; pension plans?
What kind of life insurance is cheaper? I&#39;m not sure about term vs. whole vs. universal, etc
Pension or Property: Should I invest in more properties, or in a pension?
Free &quot;Rich Dad&quot; education, with &quot;free gift&quot;: Is it legitimate, or is it a sales ploy?
Is it worth it to use &quot;balance transfer&quot; credit cards, to take advantage of low-rate offered as sign-up incentives?
How much would be a fair raise or salary increase to ask for at work?
PayPal wants me to &quot;add a bank account&quot;, another funding source. Credit card isn&#39;t working. Why?
What size &quot;nest egg&quot; should my husband and I have, and by what age?
How do currency markets work? What factors are behind why currencies go up or down?
How much is inflation?
Is it better for a public company to increase its dividends, or institute a share buyback?
How can I minimize losses on an upside down mortgage for a condo I no longer live in?
What is value investing? What are the key principles of value investing?
When will the U.K. convert to the Euro as an official currency?
What are the benefits and risks of doing your banking through a credit union, versus a bank? What&#39;s the difference?
How important is disability insurance, e.g. long-term, LTD? Employer offers none
Good at investing - how to turn this into a job?
What should I do with the stock from my Employee Stock Purchase Plan?
What percent of salary should go towards retirement vs. emergency savings?
In what state should I register my web-based LLC?
What is title insurance, and should I get title insurance for my home?
A loan or a self loan: Is there any reason I should ever take out a loan when I have that money in saving?
What is the difference between Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae and Ginnie Mae?
What&#39;s the general principle behind choosing saving vs. paying off debt?
Is it possible to cash a check made to someone else&#39;s name? How to do so?
Want to refinance: 7-year ARM, 30-year fixed, or 15-year fixed?
Online Foreign Exchange Brokerages: Which ones are good &amp; reputable for smaller trades?
Replacement for mint.com with a public API?
What&#39;s the difference between Term and Whole Life insurance?
Should I pay points on my mortgage?
How do &quot;allowances&quot; work on the W-4?
How many credit cards do I need? Should I open another just for the cash back feature?
Can I roll over a 401k with my current employer into an IRA?
Pros, cons, &amp; differences in investing in 401k vs. IRA?
Penalty to withdraw from a new Roth IRA for first time home buyers?
How can small children contribute to the &quot;family economy&quot;?
Historical stock prices: Where to find free / low cost data for offline analysis?
Put idle savings to use while keeping them liquid
At what age should I consider buying long term care insurance?
Are Kiva or other microlending institutions a decent way to improve overall yield?
How to invest 100k
What expenses do most people not prepare for that turn into &quot;emergencies&quot; but are not covered by an Emergency Fund?
Is it worth it to pay extra on mortgage payments if I am not planning to stay in the house for 30 years?
Should I sell my stocks to reduce my debt?
Safe method of paying for a Gym Membership?
What does quantitative easing 2 mean for my bank account?
Why can&#39;t I short a stock that sells for less than $5? Is there another way to &quot;go short&quot; on them?
Are there capital gains taxes or dividend taxes if I invest in the U.S. stock market from outside of the country?
Is it worth having a pension?
How do I freeze my credit?
A good investment vehicle for saving for a mortgage down payment?
Why do some online stores not ask for the 3-digit code on the back of my credit card?
When do dual citizens (Canadian &amp; American citizenship) need to file U.S. income taxes?
Why do they ask whether it is a paycheck or not in a bank?
What is the difference between speculating and investing?
I can make a budget, but how can I get myself to consistently follow my budget?
What is most time-efficient way to track portfolio asset allocation?
How to correct a mistake made when writing a check?
Covered Call Writing - What affects the price of the options?
The doctor didn&#39;t charge the health insurance in time, am I liable?
In a house with shared ownership, if one person moves out and the other assumes mortgage, how do we determine who owns what share in the end?
Which investment companies offer great online service and low cost index funds? I want to do everything online
No transaction fee ETF trades - what&#39;s the catch?
How does a synthetic ETF work?
My account&#39;s been labeled as &quot;day trader&quot; and I got a big margin call. What should I do? What trades can I place in the blocked period?
Put money in savings or pay towards mortgage?
Where should I invest to hedge against the stock market going down?
Is this mortgage advice good, or is it hooey?
Does Joel Greenblatt&#39;s &quot;Magic Formula Investing&quot; really beat the market?
Double taxation on Americans working abroad?
Can foreigners holding US tourist visa create a bank account in USA?
Personal budget forecast/tracking solution
When people say &#39;Interest rates are at all time low!&quot; ... Which interest rate are they actually referring to?
Please explain the relationship between dividend amount, stock price, and option value?
How fast does the available amount of gold in the world increase due to mining?
Should I get renter&#39;s insurance?
Should I set up a family trust?
Where should I store some cash that I need to be somewhat liquid?
Do I really need to send my US tax return via certified mail?
When do I need life insurance?
For higher returns, put money in fewer or more ETFs? w/rebalancing in the equation
Someone has my check: any risks?
Are mortgage interest deductions really a reason for buying a house?
What does it mean if a company pays a quarterly dividend? How much would I get quarterly?
How do loans against 401k / 403b accounts work?
Where is this 10%/year mutual fund, stock market, index?
Are there any statistics that support the need for Title Insurance?
What are the risks in changing jobs during closing on a house?
Is gold really an investment or just a hedge against inflation?
Does the USA have a Gold reserve?
What is the difference between a stock and a bond?
Why do some companies offer 401k retirement plans?
Auto-pay credit card from checking account: Bad idea?
What to do with expired cards (credit, debit, insurance cards, ...)
If a debt collector offers to settle for substantially less than the owed amount, should the offer be accepted?
Should I have separate savings accounts for various savings goals?
How can I help others plan their finances, without being a &quot;conventional&quot; financial planner?
What to sell when your financial needs change, stocks or bonds?
Why would you elect to apply a refund to next year&#39;s tax bill?
What if I received a check with two different amounts written on it (words vs. number)?
Why does money value normally decrease?
Can I pay a 30 year fixed loan like a 15 year fixed loan?
Why is economic growth so important?
WSJ article about CFDs - am I missing something?
How do people trade up from one house to another?
How can I determine if my rate of return is &quot;good&quot; for the market I am in?
Are my monthly commited expenses out of whack?
Is this reply promising a money order and cashier check a scam?
How should I handle taxes for Minecraft server donations?
What are the most important things to ask a real estate agent before hiring them?
What&#39;s the difference when asked for &quot;debit or credit&quot; by a store when using credit and debit cards?
Am I financially ready to move out with my boyfriend?
If low-cost index funds are considered the best investment, why are there so many high-cost, managed funds?
Tips for negotiating a rent increase (as a renter)
Why would I want a diversified portfolio, versus throwing my investments into an index fund?
Is it normal to have 28.5% of various income taxes deducted from my paycheck?
Does it make sense to buy an index ETF (e.g. S&amp;P 500) when the index is at an all-time high?
Why do insurance companies in the United States have an enrollment period?
Should I pay an erroneous bill in collections if it is a tiny amount?
How can I send a 1099-Misc if a contractor won&#39;t provide an EIN or SSN?
Rent or own, given these circumstances
How bad is it to have a lot of credit available but not used?
Any reason to keep around my account with my old, &#39;big&#39; bank?
What percent of my salary should I retain?
Is there a way to live with and contribute to someone else&#39;s mortgage payments without the money being considered taxable rent income?
Using a secured credit card to build a credit score for a new permanent resident
What to do about infrequent false credit judgement?
If I sell my house, will I have to pay taxes on the profit?
Any compelling reason to contribute to a 401k if my employer doesn&#39;t match?
When an insider discloses a stock trade are they required to execute?
I guess I&#39;m American (by birth). I&#39;m Canadian... my investment company is asking an impossible question. I don&#39;t have an SSN, what to do? Lie?
Credit card issued against my express refusal; What action can I take?
What kind of investments should I have in my RRSP?
I&#39;m currently unemployed and have been offered a contract position. Do I need to incorporate myself? How do I do it?
Where can I find an example of a really basic family budget?
Can I withdraw from my Roth IRA retirement account to fund a startup?
How many credit cards is it reasonable to have?
How can I avoid going deep into debt during the holiday season?
Which reward / benefits credit card is the best value for the money in Canada?
Is there anything material I might own (aside from a house) that would increase in value?
How does the envelope budgeting system work?
Which U.S. online discount broker is the best value for money?
What is long-term care insurance ? How does long-term care insurance work?
Homeowners: How can you protect yourself from a financial worst-case scenario?
When changing jobs, how can you protect yourself?
What are advantages &amp; disadvantages of using a Peer-to-Peer lending site or network?
What&#39;s a Letter of Credit? Are funds held in my bank for the amount in question?
If I co-sign on a loan for someone, am I putting up money (is there a cost)?
What should I be doing to protect myself from identity theft?
Co-signing &amp; dying: What if a loan co-signer dies? Is estate of co-signer liable?
Does my company&#39;s 401k plan provider matter to me?
Do personal checks expire? [US]
I&#39;ve heard pennies are being phased out in Canada. Is this true?
What is the best way to learn investing techniques?
Will there be enough money in Social Security benefits to cover baby boomer retirement? [US]
How much should I contribute to my 401(k)?
What is a bond fund?
What websites do you use for saving money (coupons, etc.)?
Investment fund for your child&#39;s education?
How do you value your home when calculating your net worth?
Should I pay off my student loan before buying a house?
How to value employee benefits?
What is the optimal ratio of used credit to credit limit for your credit score?
How do I get into the over-the-counter derivatives gravy train
Combining 401k&#39;s from different past employers?
Will Cancelling Department Store Credit Cards Improve My Credit Score?
Should I stockpile nickels?
How much of a down payment for a car should I save before purchasing it?
Should I open a joint credit card account with my girlfriend? She can&#39;t get her own card
Free service for automatic email stock alert when target price is met?
What criteria should I use to determine if I should become a home owner?
Why would a company sell debt in order to buy back shares and/or pay dividends?
Purchasing an extremely affordable home with 10% down VS renting and saving for 20%
I&#39;m an American in my mid 20&#39;s. Is there something I should be doing to secure myself financially?
Is there value in using a credit card for the sake of using it?
Why can&#39;t a US state default, but a EU state can?
Why does Bank of America sometimes refer to itself as Banc of America on some documents?
How much money do I need to have saved up for retirement?
Is there something on a check (cheque) that determines what currency it is?
Are student loans tax deductible in US?
Reached the AGI for Roth IRA - now what?
What are cheap ways to accept small amounts of money (micropayments) on my web site?
Understanding differences between S&amp;P500 index-tracking ETFs
&quot;Free checks:&quot; do I really need to pay to get &quot;secure and trackable&quot; shipping?
Who keeps track of my contributions to my Roth IRA?
Is it really possible to get rich in only a few years by investing?
How do I find an ideal single fund to invest all my money in?
Does a mutual fund&#39;s expense ratio include the management fee?
Can you explain the mechanism of money inflation?
When and how should I pay taxes on ForEx trades?
Making your first million... is easy! (??)
Selling dividend securities in after-market hours: Who gets the dividend?
Matching but no investing, or investing but no matching?
What&#39;s the maximum amount I should spend on rent?
How much power does a CEO have over a public company?
Is there a general guideline for what percentage of a portfolio should be in gold?
Short-sell, or try to rent out?
Making higher payments on primary residence mortgage or rental?
How closely tied is my credit score to my spouse?
Entering the stock market in a poor economy
How to determine how much to charge your business for rent (in your house)?
How to learn about doing technical analysis?  Any suggested programs or tools that teach it?
What should I do with my $10K windfall, given these options?
If I have all this stock just sitting there, how can I lend it out to people for short selling?
If accepting more than $10K in cash for a used boat, should I worry about counterfeiting?
What are investment options for young married couple with no debt that have maxed out retirement savings?
If you&#39;re married, can you still file an income tax return as a single individual?
What benefits does investing in a traditional IRA give you, if you are not able to take the deduction?
Are stock prices likely drop off a little bit on a given friday afternoon?
Can a company have a credit rating better than that of the country where it is located?
What happens to options if a company is acquired / bought out?
USAA bank: What are the requirements for membership?  Military only?
Buy a parking spot and rent it out, or invest savings in an interest-bearing account?
Does it make sense to buy a house in my situation?
When paying with card abroad is it best to pay in local or home currency?
improve gnucash OFX transaction matching
Is There A Flaw In This Paycheck Calculation?
How does retroactive COBRA coverage work?
Does it make sense to &quot;save&quot; for college by paying off my mortgage?
Can mortgage insurance replace PMI?
Investing in a leveraged index ETF for retirement.  Risky?
What does it mean that stocks are &quot;memoryless&quot;?
How are Visa payWave and MasterCard PayPass protected against unauthorized use?
Has anyone created a documentary about folks who fail to save enough for retirement?
Pros &amp; cons of investing in gold vs. platinum?
Should I include retirement funds in calculating my asset allocation?
Will says &quot;divide estate equally&quot;. Life insurance has one named beneficiary. Can proceeds be made estate property?
Are credit monitoring services worth the monthly fee?
Did my salesman damage my credit? What can I do?
Moving expenses: dog kennel
How to determine contractor hourly rate and employee salary equivalents?
Indian citizen working from India as freelancer for U.S.-based company. How to report the income &amp; pay tax in India?
Pay check from an old employer
How can I determine if a debt consolidation offer is real or a scam?
Would depositing large cash amounts cause problems?
How do Islamic Banking give loans for housing purposes?
Can I get a mortgage if I&#39;m employed by my own company, rather than self employed?
Who creates money? Central banks or commercial banks?
What is the &quot;Bernanke Twist&quot; and &quot;Operation Twist&quot;? What exactly does it do?
Who is going to suffer from stocks being sold?
What is the best way to calculate the optimal tax withholding from my paycheck?
How does unemployment insurance work?
Should I pay off zero interest debt early?
Is it better to buy a house at the end or beginning of a year?
How do I set up my finances when first moving out?
Could a 401k or IRA contribution switch my current taxable income to a lower tax bracket? is this the same for traditional and Roth 401k?
What are the cons to using a brokerage account for day to day banking?
Buying a small amount (e.g. $50) of stock via eToro &quot;Social Trading Network&quot; using a &quot;CFD&quot;?
How to find historical stock price for a de-listed or defunct company?
Buying a house for a shorter term
How do I make a small investment in the stock market? What is the minimum investment required?
can the government or debt collectors garnish money from any bank account to which the debtor has access?
&quot;Out of Pocket Maximum&quot; and health insurance plan terminology &amp; calculation?
Which Benjamin Graham book should I read first: Security Analysis or Intelligent Investor?
First time landlord looking for software to manage rental properties
Foolish to place orders before the market opens?
How to choose a good tenant as a private landlord?
Index mutual fund &quot;minimum initial investment&quot; inside a Roth IRA?
Is there a term that better describes a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) when it is negative?
How should one structure a portfolio given the possibility that a Total Stock Market Index might decline and not recover for a long time?
Where does most of a salary go?
How to record the finding of 10 dollars lying on the street and their subsequent placement into one&#39;s wallet (in gnucash)?
Does the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) require insurance to be paid with pre- or post-tax dollars?
Are there cons to paying monthly bills with a rewards card and then paying it off monthly?
Did basically all mutual funds have a significant crash in 2008?
Does a restaurant have to pay tax on a discount?
An index fund in my 401k performed very well this year. How to deal with the gains?
What is the difference between hedging and diversification? How does each reduce risk?
What&#39;s a normal personal debt / equity ratio for a highly educated person?
Why does the share price tend to fall if a company&#39;s profits decrease, yet remain positive?
Is it a viable/good long term investment strategy to buy only index ETFs?
If stock price drops by the amount of dividend paid, what is the use of a dividend
When the market price for a stock is below a tender offer&#39;s price, is it free money (riskless) to buy shares &amp; tender them?
Is there data and proof that a diversified portfolio can generate higher returns than the S&amp;P 500 Index?
Why would a long-term investor ever chose a Mutual Fund over an ETF?
Employer match after tax?
Why GOOG is &quot;After Hours&quot; while FB is &quot;Pre-market&quot;?
Should a married couple co-sign a mortgage or not?
Should I pay rent electronically?
CC account in good standing; Can I request a higher cash back rate?
How does tax work with donations?
If I buy bonds near the maturity date, is it a short term zero risk investment?
Why is a Roth 401(k) good if there is a long time before retirement?
How is Discover different from a Visa or a MasterCard?
Defer bonus pay to next year
What does it mean for a normal citizen like me when my country&#39;s dollar value goes down?
How do I tell if I&#39;m overspending on groceries?
How to avoid getting back into debt?
Invest in (say, index funds) vs spending all money on home?
With no pay stub, could employer be screwing us over?
Is there a catch in applying for a credit card with the first year free, then cancelling before paying for the 2nd year?
What&#39;s better: An unsecured line of credit, or a secured line of credit like a HELOC?
What is the theory behind diversification? Why does it work?
Should I put more money down on one property and pay it off sooner or hold on to the cash?
How exactly do dividend reinvestment plans (DRIPs) work?
How do you make sure your child&#39;s birthday party doesn&#39;t break the bank?
What is a good way to save money on car expenses?
Should I buy individual bonds for my retirement portfolio, or stick to funds/ETFs?
What low-fee &amp; liquid exchange-traded index funds / ETFs should I consider holding in a retirement portfolio?
What kinds of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) should specifically be avoided?
What is a stock warrant? How do warrants work?
What are the most common types of financial scams to look out for, as an individual investor?
How can I increase my hourly pay as a software developer?
Do there exist legitimate Work-from-Home job opportunities? Is there a website that lists them?
I received an email from my credit card company titled &quot;URGENT: Your VbV VISA Password has expired!&quot; Is it legitimate?
Trip Interruption insurance vs. Trip Cancellation insurance: what&#39;s the difference?
When will Canada convert to the U.S. Dollar as an official currency?
What is Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) and how does AMT get calculated? [U.S.]
Looking for RSS feed of Certificate of Deposit rates
What is the PEG ratio? How is the PEG ratio calculated? How is the PEG ratio useful for stock investing?
What are some examples of &quot;Fixed Income&quot; investments?
What are the alternatives to PayPal for non-supported countries?
Bank of the Sierra: Are they legit? How can the checking interest APY be so high?
What does CAGR mean when it is used in relation to a company stock?
Can you calculate the ROI on your credit score?
I am co-renting with others who do not pay rent reliably. Is there a way I can stay without harming my credit rating?
Ontario harmonized sales tax (HST) transition benefit rebate cheques / OSTTB: Who, when, how much?
Difference between Health Savings Account (HSA) &amp; Flexible Spending Account (FSA)?
TurboTax is telling me to open an IRA now, and get a $5K deduction this year, is this a smart thing to do?
What is a Samurai bond?
How can I run a profitable garage sale this summer?
Are solar cell panels and wind mills worth the money?
What are the US gift tax rules for gifts from non-US persons?
Should I put money in both a ROTH and Traditional IRA?
How can I protect my savings against inflation? [UK]
How do people/companies buy/sell very large amounts of stock?
Asset allocation software: Application or tool to help me rebalance my investment portfolio?
Does losing your credit card damage your credit rating?
Is ING Direct Orange Savings a decent online savings account?
What are the ins/outs of writing-off part of one&#39;s rent for working at home?
Any Experience with the Gone Fishin&#39; Portfolio?
What should I do with my paper financial documents?
How do I sell my car?
What is the US Fair Tax?
What are some time tested passive income streams?
Will be debt Free in 3 years -- What order should i pay off my cards?
How does applying for credit affect your credit score?
Remote Deposit a check (By scanning) for non-business users?
Am I liable for ATM skimming? (Bank of America claims $0 fraud liability)
Do I need a business credit card?
Emptying Low Balance Gift Cards
What are Vanguard&#39;s Admiral Shares?
Is there a downside to asking for a credit increase?
What to do with an expensive, upside-down car loan?
Why does Currency Carry Trade work?
Should I try to max contribute to my Roth IRA asap?
Is transferring money in multiple small transactions dangerous?
Why could the serious financial woes of some EU member states lead to the end of the Euro?
How do I get into investing?
How are exchange rates decided for each country?
What single metric is the ultimate measure of personal wealth?
Is it a good idea to teach children that work is linearly related to income?
Should I start my own company so I can claim against tax?
How do you model future income when doing long term planning?
How to transfer money to yourself internationally?
I inherited a lump sum and paid off my debts. How can I preserve the value of remaining capital?
How to approach eliminating a record in my credit history that is hurting my score
Switch from DINK to SIWK: How do people afford kids?
Can I use Case Shiller values to find an optimal time to buy in a recovering housing market?
Does an Executed Limit Order Imply a Spot Price?
What&#39;s wrong with store credit cards?
Where can I find open source portfolio management software?
What economic, political and other factors influence mortgage rates (and how)?
Do you pay no tax if you lose money on a business or an investment?  If so, why is that?
Our only debt is hefty student loans, should we pay the student loans off first or save for a 20% down payment on a house?
How should we handle the house if it doesn&#39;t sell?
Why making additional payment to mortgage counts towards principal? Why does it matter?
Can I use my Roth IRA to start a business?
Is there a general rule for how much of my non-retirement savings should be spent on down payment?
How do principal payments on my mortgage affect my taxes?
Can I roll over 401(k) contributions that were made prematurely (by mistake)?
10 yr old checking account in USA closed automatically by the bank due to no activity, can I recover the money?
Leasing a car for a friend with low or poor credit history
How does Schwab compare to the more modern online brokers like E*Trade?
Will upgrading my credit card affect my credit history length?
Can a &quot;For Deposit Only&quot; endorsement on a check be changed (canceled) by initialing?
Benefits of Purchasing Company Stock at a Discount
What do I do with the paper check when I make a deposit over the Internet
When funding a trust does the gift tax exemption apply?
Is there any online personal finance software without online banking?
Should we try to make additional mortgage payments if we want to sell the home after 5 yrs?
Is it better to ask for a raise before a spin-off / merger or after?
Should I take out a loan vs pay off with mother&#39;s help?
How can I negotiate a medical bill that seems excessive?
If I&#39;m going to start doing my own taxes soon, do I need to start keeping receipts for everything?
Treat HSA as an IRA?
Is an ING Orange mortgage a bad idea?
Data source for historical intra-day bid/ask price data for stocks?
Is there a fee if you used your debit card as credit card?
If the U.S. defaults on its debt, what will happen to my bank money?
Comparing/reviewing personal health insurance plans for the self-employed
What is the incentive for a bank to refinance a mortgage at a lower rate?
Does that mean I&#39;m fooling the US gov?
A University student wondering if investing in stocks is a good idea?
How to pay off a loan to maximize credit score?
How does compounding of annual interest work?
Can I recover my deposit (for a future purchase) from a company whose assets are frozen?
Does getting more credit or credit cards improve your credit score?
Retirement saving strategy for international people
What is the maximum I can have stored in a traditional 401(k) and a Roth 401(k)?
How can all these countries owe so much money?  Why &amp; where did they borrow it from?
How should my nearing-retirement parents handle a lump sum?
How should I save for college if I have 10 years and a lump sum of money?
How to properly collect money from corporate sponsors?
What do I need to bring to the bank when applying for a loan?
Green Card holder (permanent resident): Should I contribute to my employer-matched 401(k), even if I might leave the U.S. later?
Solid reading/literature for investment/retirement/income taxes?
If a startup can always issue new shares, what value is there to stocks/options?
How does a dealer (or market maker) earn the bid-ask spread on a stock?
Are long-term bonds risky assets?
What is a &quot;Junk Bond&quot;?
For net worth, should I value physical property at my cost to replace it, or the amount I could get for selling it?
Why are my auto loan payments calculated differently than my mortgage payments?
Am I &quot;cheating the system&quot; by opening up a tiny account with a credit union and then immediately applying for a huge loan?
Close to retirement &amp; we may move within 7 years. Should we re-finance our mortgage, or not?
Paying bills late accidentally... why do people not use direct debit?
What are the advantages of a prenuptial agreement?
Why is a stock that pays a dividend preferrable to one that doesn&#39;t?
Is sales tax for online purchases based on billing- or shipping address?
Starting with GnuCash. How to eliminate automatic entries ending up in the &quot;unbalanced&quot; account?
Buying checks from places besides your bank? How does it work?
Tools for comparing costs between different healthcare providers?
Buying a more expensive house as a tax shelter (larger interest deduction)?
Any financial institution that offers free or low fee international money transfer?
How do 401(k) mutual fund expense ratios work?
Payment Dispute, Is it worth it?
Are the AARP benefits and discounts worth the yearly membership cost?
Is it legally safer to purchase a short sale instead of a foreclosure?
If I Use My Roth 401K for a Downpayment for My 1st Home, What Will I Be Taxed On?
Can a debt collector garnish my wage without a judgment?
First time home hunters. Pay debt or save for down payment
Comparing Life Insurance Proposals
What kinds of information do financial workers typically check on a daily basis?
Can I use HSA money to pay for family member that isn&#39;t covered by an HDHP?
How should we deal with money during my spouse&#39;s maternity leave?
Are Shiller real-estate futures and options catching on with investors?
What investments are positively related to the housing market decline?
What are the (US) tax implications for donationware?
How do exchanges match limit orders?
Can I do something so $36 doesn&#39;t trash my credit?
Does the expense ratio of a fund-of-funds include the expense ratios of its holdings?
Understanding the phrase &quot;afford to lose&quot; better
Is it possible to track meter readings in GnuCash?
What happens to 401(k) money that isn&#39;t used by the time the account holder dies?
Credit Consolidation, Credit Settlement
How much is enough to save as a rainy-day fund before I start plugging my higher-interest student loans?
What should I consider when selecting a broker/advisor to manage my IRA?
What are the risks in buying a property from a &quot;Tax Deed&quot; auction?
First time investor wanting to invest in index funds especially Vanguard
Growth of unrealized gains in tax-managed index funds
Can I change banks for my HSA account?
Why should one only contribute up to the employer&#39;s match in a 401(k)?
Is the money that you get back from deposits or rebates taxable?
How do I fix my credit score when I have bad things in my credit history?
How do you go about calculating how much you need after retirement?
How to create a college savings account for a kid without his mom being able to tap into it?
Over how much time should I dollar-cost-average my bonus from cash into mutual funds?
I&#39;m in the US on F1 visa, received a W2. Not sure what to do now
How can I realistically compare the Cost of Living for two locations?
What can I plan for to save money on my mortgage?
Should I use a Roth 401K rather than 529 to save for children&#39;s college?
Points paid on purchase of principal residence - tax deductible?
Is there an application or website where I can practice trading US stocks with virtual money?
Price graphs: why not percent change?
How can I invest in gold without taking physical possession?
Why pay for end-of-day historical prices?
How much in inflation protected securities (TIPS) should I buy?
How to fill the IRS Offer In Compromise with an underwater asset?
How should I move out of my own house?
Is there a country that uses the term &quot;dollar&quot; for currency without also using &quot;cents&quot; as fractional monetary units?
No Late Fee Credit Cards - What is the gotcha?
What is the difference between an A+, A or A- Insurance Company?
U.S. citizen hired in U.S. but working and resident abroad. How should my employer be handling my taxes?
When would one actually want to use a market order instead of a limit order?
Are there fees or penalties for holding less than $10K in a Vanguard Admiral Shares fund?
Why would a car company lend me money at a very low interest rate?
If I put in a limit order for the same price and size as someone else, which order goes through?
Can a foreign bank manager name me as the kin of a deceased customer if I don&#39;t know the person?
Employer wants a key man insurance policy on me, should I agree?
How do taxes work with donations made to an individual, e.g. for free software I wrote?
If you own 1% of a company&#39;s stock, are you entitled to 1% of its assets?
What is the best way to stay risk neutral when buying a house with a mortgage?
Is it possible for the average person to profit on the stock market?
Why would a tender offer be less than the market price?
$140,000 student debt. What are my options? Please help
Opening a bank account in China
If someone gives me cash legally, can my deposit trigger an audit for them?
Myth, or not: If using a secured card to build credit, paying off in part each month has more benefit than paying in full?
Can a US expat have and use an HSA for the tax benefits while living abroad?
Employer limits total 401K contribution to below IRS max. How can we max out our pre-tax contributions?
My former employer made a mistake calculating my 401(k) contribution/match; what is my responsibility?
Figuring out an ideal balance to carry on credit cards
Can you explain why it&#39;s better to invest now rather than waiting for the market to dip?
If Roth IRAs are not reported on income tax returns, how does the IRS police them?
Is there any reason to buy shares before/after a split?
Frequency of investments to maximise returns (and minimise fees)
Joint Account for Common Earnings
Can one insure a home&#39;s AC unit?
When is an event worth insuring against?
Moving out three months into my one year lease. What happens?
Who pays the property tax on a home for the year of sale?
Should I pay the insurance discounted rate or the full rate for an ambulance ride under my deductible?
Which currency is cheaper for another currency?
Is credit score an international thing?
How should my daughter give me money. Do I need to report it?
Why there&#39;s always a very huge volume of trades for AAPL every day before market close?
Save on taxes by paying oneself dividends instead of salary from a Canadian company
How should I invest/spend this 50k inheritance?
Why deposit interest rate in the same currency is different from country to country?
How do I close a bank account that I no longer have any information for?
Why do billionaires buy life insurance?
I have more than $250,000 in a US Bank account... mistake?
Co-signed a loan and I need to have my name removed
What can I do with a physical stock certificate for a now-mutual company?
What should a 21 year old do with &#163;60,000 ($91,356 USD) inheritance?
What are the pros and cons of buying a house just to rent it out?
Saving for a non-necessity
How to claim loss of income?
TFSA vs. RRSP... Best retirement approach
Should I keep most of my banking, credit, and investment accounts at the same bank?
Can I charge interest on money that I have lent out, even though I am not a financial institution?
How and where can I deposit money to generate future payments / income?
How much is university projected to cost in Canada in 18 years?
If I have a pension with my employer and then leave, is the pension mine to take with me?
Should you co-sign a personal loan for a friend/family member? Why/why not?
What&#39;s the best way to get cash for an old car?
What&#39;s the best way to manage all the 401K accounts I&#39;ve accumulated from my past jobs?
How do I find the best 0% interest balance transfer credit card available in the U.S.?
Has anyone found U.S. Savings Bonds to be effective investing?
At what age should I begin discussing money - saving, spending, investing - with my child / children?
What to do with small dividends in brokerage account?
For a major expensive home renovation (e.g. addition, finished basement, or new kitchen) should one pay cash or finance with a loan? Would such a loan be &quot;good&quot; debt?
What does the term &quot;second mortgage&quot; mean? Can I easily get one?
Which bank (checking &amp; savings) offers the best interest rates, lowest fees, and is FDIC insured?
How can I profit on the Chinese Real-Estate Bubble?
Stability of a Broker: What if your broker goes bankrupt? Could you lose equity in your account?
Is there a good options strategy that has a fairly low risk?
How do you calculate pretax deduction savings?
Is Mint.com an adequate substitute for Microsoft Money? How does it compare?
What is garnishing / garnishment of wages or accounts and when does it happen?
Is there something similar to Mint.com for Canada?
Are funeral plots a good investment?
If I volunteer to give back to my community, is there a monetary amount assigned to my time, to act as an Income Tax Deduction?
What value does a mortgage broker bring? Can they get you a better deal than your bank can?
Why are index funds called index funds?
Married during the tax year, how does that work
Please explain: What exactly is a CDS or &quot;Credit Default Swap&quot;?
How should I make a budget?
How to determine new, lower interest payments after a lump sum mortgage payment, i.e. new amortization schedule?
Which type of mortgage is better? Fixed-rate, or Variable?
What are some of the best companies for Roth IRA account?
What typically happens to unvested stock during an acquisition?
High dividend stocks
When to sell a stock?
Bank Draft vs. Certified Cheque - when is it appropriate to use one or the other?
Help: Being charged interest on a loan for which I received no statements telling me of this debt for the past 15 years. Surprise!
If I co-sign a loan, does it affect my own ability to borrow due to the debt-to-income ratio?
What happened to the $1 coin in US?
Should your rainy day / emergency fund be in the same account as general savings?
What do you do when a family member won&#39;t pay you back?
Why Am I Having Such A Hard Time Getting a Credit Report?
Should I have accepted the offer to double my credit?
Is taking a lump sum from a lottery or other prize always preferable to taking the payment plan?
Can I take advantage of lower interest rates while I&#39;m stuck in a fixed-rate mortgage?
Is an iPhone insurance or warranty a good buy, or a waste of money?
Where to park money while saving for a car
Are these checks usable?
Should I switch to this high rate checking account for my emergency fund?
Full-time work + running small side business: Best business structure for taxes?
Should I pay off my credit card online immediately or wait for the bill?
What is a &quot;closed-end fund&quot;? How is a closed-end fund different from a typical mutual fund?
Do you keep ATM receipts? Why might keeping bank ATM receipts be a good habit?
How does a no-limit charge card affect your credit score?
If banksimple.com is not a bank, what is it?
If I pay someone else&#39;s property taxes, can I use it as a deduction on my income tax return?
How to share income when married filing separately?
Will replacing a credit card with a better one hurt my FICO score?
How to calculate the total return on buying a home?
Are airline reward mile credit cards worth it?
Tax implications of living rent-free
What is &#39;consolidating&#39; debt and why do people do it?
Is it worth it to reconcile my checking/savings accounts every month?
Mortgage Escrow Balance - is there a better way?
Why does a no-load fund have transaction fees? Isn&#39;t that a contradiction?
Who buys variable annuities?
Do I have to list a SSN to take a child exemption?
Are COBRA premiums deductible when self-employed?
What exactly happens to Euro if one of European Union countries goes bankrupt?
Is there any advantage to using a FSA instead of claiming medical expense on tax returns?
What choices should I consider for investing money that I will need in two years?
Changes in Capital Gains Tax in the US - Going to 20% in 2011?
What ways are there to invest in stocks, options, indexes, etc, and where should one start (what funds)?
Is there extra risk in owning an ADR vs. the underlying stock?
How can my dad (grandpa) transfer shares to my 2 year old son?
Should I rollover my 401(k) into a Roth IRA in 2010, or wait until 2011?
What is the difference between a Rollover IRA and a Roth IRA?
What value is the 3-digit code on the credit card?
Credit life &amp; disability Insurance on vehicle loan for elderly buyer: Does it make sense?
If the beneficiary of a Will is implicated or convicted of the deceased murder, does the Will still stand?
Does the sale of personal items need to be declared as income on my income taxes?
What is the average margin on a vehicle from a used car dealer?
Buying gold / silver as a hedge against hyperinflation
What tool would you recommend to keep track of incomes and expenses?
Credit card interest calculator with grace period &amp; different interest rate calculation methods?
What are the odds of being assigned for a long dated in-the-money call option?
I run my own nonprofit corporation. Should I pay myself as a contractor or an employee?
How can I find/compare custodians for my HSA in the United States?
Received 1099-C from Discover for Bankruptcy Chapter 7
Does reading financial statements (quarterly or annual reports) really help investing?
My investment account is increasingly and significantly underperforming vs. the S&amp;P 500. What should I do?
How should I report my RSUs in my tax return
Is there a comparison site for foreign money exchange vendors?
More money towards down payment versus long-term investments
Joint property ownership: 2 homeowners, but only 1 lives in the home. How to fairly split mortgage payments?
How do I adjust to a new social class?
Should you diversify your ETF investments between companies?
401k Rollover - on my own or through my financial advisor?
First time home buyer: Can you withdraw funds from a Roth 401k for a first time home purchase?
How is rental income taxed?
How come I can&#39;t sell short certain stocks? My broker says &quot;no shares are available&quot;
Setting up general ledger/tax reporting for a Real Estate Rental LLC in GnuCash
Interest rates on fixed deposits in India: Why would rates for 1 year deposits be higher than for 2 years?
What is a good rule of thumb to determine when to abandon a mutual fund?
Do I end up richer paying down a mortgage or contributing to an IRA?
How to Explain &quot;efficient frontier&quot; to child?
What is the best way of transferring money from American to Canadian bank?
Can I withdraw Roth 401k contributions penalty-free before age 59.5?
How can I tell if my tax accountants are adding value?
What increases your chance of being audited?
Moving money between Roth IRA and employer&#39;s 401(k)
Options for a Simple IRA when leaving a job: Leave as is or roll it over?
Invest in low cost small cap index funds when saving towards retirement?
Why does a stock&#39;s price fluctuate so often, even when fresh news isn&#39;t available?
Are &quot;investment clubs&quot; worth investing one&#39;s time in?
Who could afford a higher annual deductible who couldn&#39;t afford a higher monthly payment?
I just applied for a credit card. Will I be able to see my credit score number with a decision?
How do I minimize the risk of my investment losing value?
Can I refinance my student loans?
What fees should I expect when buying and/or selling a house?
Calculate Income Tax amount of UK Salary
What price can *I* buy IPO shares for?
Gnucash: Add new column for bookings
What effect will credit card churning for frequent flyer miles have on my credit score?
Effect of going over the credit limit on a credit card to your credit score?
Can I get US sales taxes refunded for electronics purchased while on vacation?
How can I have someone deposit a check for me?
can bank take 401k money when you foreclose
A-B-C Class Shares: What&#39;s the difference?
My company is changing 401k plan providers. Can I rollover to an IRA during the transition?
How do you get a lower interest rate on your credit card?
What are the  IRAs tax deduction limits when contributing to both Traditional and Roth IRAs?
Our home equity has increased.  Can we get rid of PMI without an appraisal?
Hidden costs I should be aware of when booking cruises?
Does the IRS track every check deposited by me?
Why don&#39;t banks print their own paper money / bank notes?
How can a U.S. citizen open a bank account in Europe?
Which assets are best suited for a Roth IRA?
How are proceeds from writing covered calls taxed?
Other than being able to borrow to invest, how is a margin trading account different from a cash account?
What&#39;s the difference between &#39;cleared&#39; and &#39;reconciled&#39; in my financial accounting software?
Best / cheapest way to exchange USD for foreign currency cash?
Will a 7/1 ARM be better vs a 30yr fix rate for a mortgage if I am prepaying part of the principal every year
Why are monthly mortgage pre-payments applied to the back-end of the mortgage?
Why does interest rate go up when bond price goes down?
I want to buy a house in a few years, what should I do now to improve my bad credit?
How to evaluate an annuity
How do you quantify investment risk?
How relevant or accurate are Morningstar &quot;Star&quot; ratings for mutual funds?
Are U.S. I Bonds good for extra savings?
What is the best way to invest in gold as a hedge against inflation without having to hold physical gold?
What intrinsic, non-monetary value does gold have as a commodity?
Pros &amp; cons of renting out personal condo during my work hours?
What percentage of my portfolio should be in individual stocks?
How do I account for newly added money when computing my rate of return?
Should I get a personal loan to pay on my mortgage to go &quot;above water&quot; to qualify for a refinance?
How many years do you need to contribute to Social Security to be eligible for benefit payments in retirement?
What do we need to consider if we&#39;re to receive a large cash gift from family abroad?
Alternatives to Intuit&#39;s PayTrust service for online bill viewing and bill payment?
Trouble sticking to a budget when using credit cards for day to day transactions?
Tax consequences of a foreign bank account for a US/Canadian citizen
Why would you take a loan secured by your savings account?
Paypal website donations without being a charity
What happens if I make an unintentional over payment into a UK Cash ISA?
Android Developer taxes in the UK
How do I keep an S-Corporation open when it has no revenues
PV homework question
To buy a house, is a 20% down-payment required for a mortgage?
Arbitrage with a limit order
Any specific examples of company valuations according to Value Investing philosophy?
How to treat blog income for tax purposes &amp; report PayPal income to the IRS?
How to find a good third-party, 401k management/advice service?
Should I dip into an emergency fund to cover expenses for a rental property or only use it to make emergency repairs, improvements, etc.?
Investing strategies for tax-advantaged accounts (401k, IRA) vs regular accounts?
Stop paying your mortgage to lower your interest rate?
Is Tax Audit Protection insurance worth the money?
Socially responsible investing accreditation
How does Paying credit card in full VS paying with interest will affect your credit score?
Could excess 401(k) contributions be used to game/maximize matches from different employers?
Any practical difference between &quot;personal checks&quot; and &quot;business checks&quot;?
How does a big lottery winner cash his huge check risk-free?
Collections for Medical Bill - Pay Settlement or Full Amount?
How to avoid having my father&#39;s down payment assistance get taxed as a gift
What does high credit utilization really mean?
Is it OK to use a credit card on zero-interest to pay some other credit cards with higher-interest?
Transfer money from Canadian bank account to US bank account while living in the US
New to investing -- I have $20,000 cash saved, what should I do with it?
Are there things I can be doing while waiting for an investment to mature?
How to change a large quantity of U.S. dollars into Euros?
I am a small retail investor. Can I invest in the Facebook IPO at the IPO price?
How does stabilization work during an IPO?
From Facebook&#39;s perspective, was the fall in price after IPO actually an indication that it went well?
Which graduate student loans are preferable?
How can my friend send $3K to me without using Paypal?
What are the differences in taxes rules for specialty ETFs such as GLD (Gold ETF) and general ETFs?
Total fees for buying a house in the U.K.?
Should I do my budgeting in dollars?
Does a US citizen freelancing for a US company while resident in the UK have to declare this for UK tax?
Landlords: what&#39;s the maximum amount of time to allow a guest of tenant to stay in a rental?
Why did the Swiss National Bank fix the EUR/CHF exchange rate at CHF 1.20?
New car price was negotiated as a &quot;cash deal&quot;.  Will the price change if I finance instead?
Is my first 401(k) fund allocation reasonable, and with respect to fees?
Smart Investments With No Risk
Will it hurt my credit to accept a credit limit increase?
Calculating cost effectiveness of a medical plan
How can one hedge against property price change when buying a home?
What are the implications of a corporate stock repurchase or share buyback program?
Is it correct to take interest swap rates as a prediction of future bank rate?
Do margins on a brokerage account affect your credit score?
How risky are penny stocks?
Is person-person lending/borrowing protected by law?
I am closing one credit card and getting a new one. What order should I do this in?
What is the purpose of property tax?
Investments: Feds buying more treasury bonds? How does it affect Bonds (going up or down)?
What is the economic explanation for the high cost of weddings?
So the vending machine tore my $5 in pieces. What now?
How is your credit score related to credit utilization?
Are there downsides in refinancing with 5 and 1/2 yrs left?
How to avoid tax when taking a windfall in small chunks?
What happens to an HSA when I am no longer eligible to contribute?
Is there a website which shows indexes and their corresponding ETFs?
Selling on eBay without PayPal?
Can I open a Roth IRA with more than one company at a time?
Are Square credit card readers practical for individual use?
As a Canadian, how can I apply for and get a U.S. credit card?
How do I opt-out of the Social Security system?
Can two people jointly purchase a single share?
Should I lease, buy new, or buy used?
Financing with two mortgages: a thing of the past?
How do third-party banks issue car loans?
Is there any way for a buyer to guarantee that there will be no chargeback in PayPal or GoogleCheckout?
Pay off debt with RRSPs, or refinance and roll into Mortgage?
How to avoid Paypal holding incoming payments?
How can I replicate Vanguard&#39;s Total Stock Market Index using their S&amp;P 500 and extended stock market funds?
Which colors can one use to fill out a check in the US?
Is there a service to find the best &amp; least expensive term life insurance?
Insurance for a house which is not homeowners insurance?
What happens when &quot;bill pay&quot; check does not get cashed
Due to the repeal of DOMA, can I exclude imputed income if I amend prior year returns?
Is writing out the entire spelling of the cents on a check acceptable?
How do I sell a home that&#39;s owned jointly if my partner doesn&#39;t want to sell?
Mortgage vs. Cash for U.S. home buy now
ITIN application rejected, and IRS lost one of our passports. How to get back the lost passport?
Why do 10 year Treasury bond yields affect mortgage interest rates?
How do you maintain your personal financial account #s and passwords?
What basic information should I know before obtaining a credit card?
Should I be concerned about a loan refinance offer that adds $1000 to my loan in exchange for $1000 in cash?
When does a pricing error become false advertising?
What does &quot;first, last and deposit&quot; mean when looking for an apartment?
How to lower my rent when it is listed as less than what I am paying
Is my financial plan for buying a house logically sound
How does it work when the same ETF is listed on several stock exchanges?
Opening American credit cards while residing in the UK
If my fiance gifts me $18K and we get married before the end of the year will the gift tax apply?
Tax-advantaged retirement savings options for someone with no 401(k) and high income
Does selling mixed-term stocks with a LIFO tax strategy make sense?
Does a balance transfer from a credit card affect our credit score?
How can I self report and undo Roth IRA contributions, due to exceeding the AGI limit?
Why would I not rollover my 401k into an IRA when permitted?
Why is the volume highest at the beginning and end of a trading day?
What kind of taxes might I incur if I sell off intellectual property from my small software business?
Can I prepay a Credit Card to make a Large Purchase greater than my credit limit?
Taxes on Selling a Classic Automobile
How should I apply for another credit card after being denied twice already?
Should I deduct or capitalize the cost to replace a water heater in my rental property? (details Below)
Should I learn to do my own tax?
Explanation on Warren Buffett&#39;s famous quote
Can you bill customer service for your time if they were in the wrong?
What to do if a company goes bankrupt after I short the stock
Assessing the value of an ETF
Is paying your bills and loans one day before it&#39;s due a good practice?
Can you step up your cost basis indefinitely via the 0% capital gains rate?
ETF vs Mutual Fund: How to decide which to use for investing in a popular index?
Why do tax-advantaged retirement accounts have contribution limits?
Mongolian bank offering a high interest rate. What&#39;s the catch?
Should I negotiate a lower salary to be placed in a lower tax bracket?
Double-entry accounting: how to keep track of mortgage installments as expenses?
What benefits do &quot;title search companies&quot; have over physically visiting a land records offices?
What equity would I have when selling early on in mortgage?
How can I prove to the IRS that I didn&#39;t receive income that an employer incorrectly reported?
Why is a US credit score based on credit utilization?
Paying down debt during a no-interest period
Why the different fees for credit and debit card payments?
Should I get cash from credit card at 0% for 8 months and put it on loans?
Ways to invest my saved money in Germany in a halal way?
Ideal investments for a recent college grad with very high risk tolerance?
Capital One Free Credit Report - Effect on Credit Score
Pros/Cons of Buying Discounted Company Stock
Housewife pension options
Wash Sales and Day Trading
Why do banks ask if you have accounts with other banks?
Rental Property: What is considered decent cash flow? (with example)
Are Chase credit cards commonly accepted for purchases?
Why are bank transactions not instant?
Does being on the board of a bankruptcy-declaring company affect my credit rating?
Why are some funds only recommended for investors starting out?
Is permanent facial hair removal economically worthwhile?
Can my employer change wage rates based upon medical coverage choices?
Can I open a rollover IRA account in the US when I am not a citizen, nor no longer live there?
What to bear in mind when considering a rental home as an investment?
How should I pay off my private student loans that have a lot of restrictions?
What are reasonable administrative fees for an IRA?
What should I do when the reality of money present and the amounts in GnuCash differ?
Paying a Navient Loan&#39;s Principal
What happens to the bond ETF when the underlying bond matures
Basic mutual fund investment questions
Correct way to get paid from a web design?
Are there contracts for fixed pay vs. fixed pay rates?
Max IRA contributions and expensive 401(k) plan with no match. Where else to invest?
True cost of a mortgage when considering inflation
Do I owe taxes if my deductions are higher than my income?
What are the best options for an RESP for my 2 year old kid?
Which account should I put my money to get the most tax benefit?
Should I take Social Security earlier than full retirement age, or wait for more?
Do I really need to file an income tax return?
How can I save money on home insurance?
If there&#39;s no volume discount, does buying in bulk still make sense?
Are there any viable alternatives to Paypal for a small site?
Are TD e-Series Funds worthwhile, or am I better off with ETFs? Why or why not?
How much is college / university projected to cost in the U.S. in 18 years?
What are good games to play to teach young children about saving money?
How do you save money on clothes and shoes for your family?
Can slowing down your lifestyle save you money?
What is the appropriate amount to tip people in the service industry? Is there a guideline or a rule?
Home Renovations are expensive.. Should I only pay cash for them?
How can I save money on a gym / fitness membership? New Year&#39;s Resolution is to get in shape - but on the cheap!
What are the risks &amp; rewards of being a self-employed independent contractor / consultant vs. being a permanent employee?
What does market cap (or market capitalization) mean?
What financial management software (personal, business, tax) is for Mac OS X?
How are 401(k), 403(b), and 457(b) tax-advantaged retirement plans different? How are they alike?
Should we use an expected inheritance to invest in a rental property with cash, i.e. no mortgage?
Can a Line of Credit be re-financed? Is it like a mortgage, with a term?
US Bank placing a hold on funds from my paycheck deposit: Why does that make sense?
Are there advantages to getting a &quot;secured&quot; credit card, if you have poor credit?
Is it worth working at home to earn money? Can I earn more money working at home?
When an in-the-money stock option expires does the broker always execute it or does its value become worthless if the owner doesn&#39;t execute it?
I rent out a room in my house, do I have to report the rent as income?
Why do companies have a fiscal year different from the calendar year?
Which US market indexes (Dow/DJIA, S&amp;P500, NASDAQ) include reinvested dividends?
Are personal finance / money management classes taught in high school, anywhere?
Does life insurance cover one&#39;s funeral costs, or should I save for it separately? How much?
Received email from credit card company: &quot;URGENT: Your Master Card SecureCode Password has expired!&quot; Is it legitimate?
To rebalance or not to rebalance
Is there any site you can find out about the &#39;bonus features&#39; of credit cards?
Is there a website that lists the latest financial scams, similar to Snopes.com for urban legends?
What is the best option for an occasional driver in the USA?
Is it more cost effective to wash a car at home or take it to a car wash?
Do Americans still need extra health care / medical insurance after reform to health care? [U.S.]
What&#39;s the best short-term investment plan?
Working at same place 2 years &amp; my colleagues got a salary increase but I didn&#39;t. Should I ask my boss why?
My daughter got married last year in late August, can I still claim her part year?
Why would selling off some stores improve a company&#39;s value?
Foreclosure process: What happens when a bank forecloses on a home?
What are the consequences of filing personal income tax return past the deadline of April 15th (i.e. filing late)? [US]
What is the difference between Interest Rate and APY?
How do you find the credit card with the best rewards/points? [US]
Compare and contrast lending services: Lending Club and Prosper?
How to claim a minor&#39;s income?
How to avoid friends&#39; peer pressure to spend money on shopping &amp; at restaurants?
Are non-residents or foreigners permitted to buy or own shares of UK companies?
Can I ask my employer if I can work as a contractor instead of an employee?
Married, 55, grown kids: Should I buy life insurance, or invest in stocks? The ultimate decision
Options for giving an amount greater than the annual gift tax exclusion
Where can I find S&amp;P 500 P/E ratios?
Who would need a Umbrella Coverage (insurance)?
What impact does overpaying credit card bill have on credit score?
What are points on a mortgage?
Freelancers in the US: pay estimated quarterly taxes or pay when you file?
Is Bogleheadism (index fund investing) dead?
Do tax-exempt bond fund earnings need to be reported on taxes?
Looking to buy a house in 1-2 years. Does starting a Roth IRA now make sense?
What are your thoughts on Dave Ramsey&#39;s &quot;Drive Free, Retire Rich&quot; idea?
How do I know if a dividend stock is &quot;safe&quot; and not a &quot;dividend yield trap&quot;?
Online Personal finance with QIF import
Are credit card membership points best used for swag or for travel?
What is a good open source Windows finance software
Is my company 401k okay or should I be using an IRA?
When should I switch from after-tax to pre-tax retirement savings?
Definition of &quot;secular&quot; in the context of markets?
&quot;Infinite Banking&quot; or &quot;Be Your Own Bank&quot; via Whole Life Insurance...where to start?
Keep or cancel an unneeded credit card?
What does &quot;write-off&quot; mean?
Should I manage my asset allocation by style or market cap?
Can I save money on interest by paying a loan multiple times per month?
Joint Life Insurance?
Are the &quot;debt reduction&quot; company useful?
How do I find quality Wind power / renewable energy mutual funds?
Where to find out conversion ratio between General Motors bonds and new GM stock?
Is the Yale/Swenson Asset Allocation Too Conservative for a 20 Something?
How can I purchase Skype stock during the IPO?
Best way to buy Japanese yen for travel?
Should I get credit life or credit disability insurance with my auto loan?
Can I refinance a property in the U.S without U.S. income?
Credit Check -&gt; someone took out a loan in my name -&gt; what are the next steps
Checking/Savings accounts that have sub-accounts
IRA conversion when part of the contributions were non-deductible. Taxes owed?
Any advantage to exercising ISO&#39;s in company that is not yet public?
When should I start thinking about a will?
Why do some people go through contortions to avoid paying taxes, yet spend money on expensive financial advice, high-interest loans, etc?
Is there a good forum where I can discuss individual US stocks?
Does a high demand for long commodities Futures push up the underlying spot price?
Do you know of any online monetary systems?
In a very tough credit/financial situation
Where are Bogleheadian World ETFs or Index funds?
Paying over minimum monthly charge of credit cards
File bankruptcy, consolidate, or other options?
In the U.S., what is the easiest way to buy Australian government bonds?
moving family deposits away from Greece (possibly in UK)
First time homeowner and getting a mortgage?
How do I figure out the market value of used books?
I&#39;m moving to another country. Where should I keep my money?
Comparison between US and Canada&#39;s taxes and possibility of savings?
Do I need to start a 529 plan for each child (2 separate plans), or can I just open one 529 plan and let both children use it?
Are credit histories/scores international?
What are some valuable sources for investment experience, when there is very little to no money to start with?
How does Value Averaging work in practice?
How does the lender benefit from offering a Reverse Mortgage?
Fees and Individual Retirement Accounts
Can making a donation reduce your tax bill?
Are investment companies safe for investing a large sum of money?
How to use a cash budget and buy items online?
Is leveraging notoriety to raise stock prices illegal in the US?
How should I go about investing/saving for my children&#39;s college education?
401(k) administration fees vs Rollover IRA fees?
Is there a list of upcoming Initial Public Offerings (IPOs), i.e. companies going public soon?
How to take a home inventory?
Where can I find the dividend history for a stock?
What are the ongoing administrative requirements associated with running a small business that is incorporated?
How do I budget for heating &amp; cooling?
What are the usual terms of a &quot;rent with an option to buy&quot; situation?
U.S. citizen moving to Canada and keeping U.S.-based job via telecommuting.  What taxes will I have to pay?
Is there a simple term to describe the non commutative property of decreasing and increasing a value by some X percentage?
Are stock index fund likely to keep being a reliable long-term investment option?
How uniform is the decline in US property prices?
What&#39;s a cheap legal way of disposing of old CRT TVs in Australia?
Convert Traditional IRA to Roth IRA when income limits are not satisfied by Roth IRA?
E-file and additional paperwork: Can I e-file an explanation of a rollover or do I need to paper file?
What types of ETFs are taxed differently by the IRS?
Locating all the deceased&#39;s assets in the UK
Will modern coins and currency be worth money in the future?
What does this statement regarding put options mean?
How to keep control of shared expenses inside marriage?
How should I go about filing taxes if I have 2 different W-2s from 2 different jobs?
How do I find a broker that is good at providing forex trading (i.e. foreign exchange / currency)?
How does a 401k being tax-deferred benefit me?   If there was not an employer match, should I just go with a traditional IRA?
Bigger mortgage downpayment vs. paying extra on the first regular payment?
Got a large cash sum, wanna buy stocks. Should I buy all at once, or spread it over time?
Are share prices for a company which is listed on multiple exchanges, under multiple currencies, kept in synch?
How safe will Roth IRAs/401(k)s be going forward re: US&#39;s deteriorating fiscal position?
When it comes to doing business taxes, do bank statements and bills work in place of receipts?
Should I make extra payments to my under water mortgage or increase my savings?
College Planning specialists
How to save and partition money for a University student
Premium classification when selling covered calls in a traditional IRA?
do I have to wait for one year to negotiate my salary?
Who owns historical valuations about equity such as stocks and index funds?
Are there any catches to a bank&#39;s offer of 0% convenience checks?
Which side has burden of proof to reopen a US income tax return after three years?
Should my husband &amp; I be saving money?
What is the least-bad way to invest a Simple IRA with heavy fees around every corner?
What should my credit limit be?
What are the tax implications of buying US stocks from Australia?
Fractional Reserve Banking and Insolvency
Borrowed money from a friend for my business, &amp; can&#39;t pay it back.  Got a lawyer&#39;s letter.  What can happen?
Does unemployment count as income for a mortgage?
What is a subsidy?
Taxation from variations in currency
Choosing the &quot;right&quot; NAPFA advisor, and whether fees are fair, etc.?
Can I start a 529 plan for a child before the child is born?
Is it legal to use casino to gain bonus points or rewards on credit cards?
Tax implications of my first well paying job
Are there index tracking funds that avoid the &quot;buy high - sell low&quot; problem?
What can cause rent prices to fall?
Is there any circumstance in which it is necessary to mark extra payments on a loan as going to &quot;principal and not interest&quot;?
When someone receiving Social Security dies, does the estate have to give back their last &quot;paycheck&quot;?
Can I set up a second 401(k) at my LLC?
How does one&#39;s personal credit history affect one&#39;s own company&#39;s credit rating?
If I sell a stock that I don&#39;t have, am I required to buy it before a certain amount of time?
Importance of dividend yield when evaluating a stock?
Should I purchase earthquake (or other disaster) insurance?
401k decisions when living overseas
Ongoing things to do and read to improve knowledge of finance?
Economics Books
Where can I borrow money for investing?
How can a person protect his savings against a country default?
What is a good 5-year plan for a college student with $15k in the bank?
Ways to establish credit history for international student
What type of credit or loan to get for job relocation?
I&#39;m 23 and new to investing.  How should I diversify my 401(k) based on my plan&#39;s choices?
To Roll over to a Roth or not?
Does the currency exchange rate contain any additional information at all?
Why would I get an Orange CD when it has the same rate as a savings account?
How do you translate a per year salary into a part-time per hour job?
The Asset Allocation Paradox
At what point does it become worth it to file an insurance claim?
Is it possible to work out my P60 from my pay?
Why doesn&#39;t Bank of America or Wells Fargo have free ACH push or pull funds transfer?
Is there a widely recognized bond index?
What is the preferred way to finance home improvements when preparing to sell your house?
What happens if I deposit a check and forget to endorse it with my signature on the back?
Should I fund retirement with a static asset allocation or an age based glide path?
What will be the long term impact of the newly defined minimum exchange rate target from francs to euro?
Should I buy a house or am I making silly assumptions that I can afford it?
How to get started with options investing?
Does the market-value of a bond matter after purchase if waiting until &quot;maturity&quot;?
Should I cash out my Roth IRA to pay my mother&#39;s property tax debt, to avoid foreclosure on her home?
Price inequalities in Forex?
Smart to buy a house in college?
Saving for a down payment on a new house, a few years out. Where do we put our money next?
How to get a down payment for your next home?  Use current home as the down payment on the new one?
What is the source of this blog post about maximum credit scores?
Is a &quot;secure key&quot; token for authenticating to online banking really more secure?
How do day-traders or frequent traders handle their taxes?
Best to roll over a 401k into a Roth IRA or traditional IRA?
Is it worth prepaying to get a 10% discount?
If Case-Shiller offers seasonally-adjusted indices, does that mean there&#39;s a good time to buy houses?
When can I roll over a HSA?
When to hire an investment professional?
What is the correct term to describe (shares owned * share value)?
Net income graphed as a function of pre-tax gross income?
Receiving money from friend: PayPal?
What to consider when starting a savings account for my children?
How to prevent college financial aid from being affected by my internship salary
Where do short-term traders look for the earliest stock related news?
When you&#39;re really young and have about 2K to start investing $ for retirement, why do some people advise you to go risky?
What to ask a tenant on a rental application to determine if their income is stable?
My credit score took a massive dip. Why?
When leaving job, is there a time limit to rollover a 401k into a Roth IRA?
FTSE exposure in US Exchanges
Company buyout &amp; I don&#39;t qualify for the new company&#39;s 401k (too young!). What are my options?
How should I be contributing to my 401(k), traditional or Roth?
Can I still claim my Hong Kong-based MPF pension if I move elsewhere?
How to convince someone they&#39;re too risk averse or conservative with investments?
What types of nonprofit entities can be formed to raise money for someone&#39;s benefit?
Correct calculation for determining real business book value per share?
If I have a Simple IRA can I also contribute to a Traditional IRA and/or Roth IRA?
Why is it not a requirement for companies to pay dividends?
Opened a Vanguard brokerage account. What do I need to keep track of for next year&#39;s taxes?
Is freelance income earned by a U.S. citizen while living abroad subject to state income tax?
Multiple 401K accounts
Legal documents required for managing an investment portfolio among friends?
Peer to peer lending in Canada?
If I&#39;m audited, will the accountant who prepared my taxes charge me an additional fee to handle the audit?
Is it even possible to refinance an older car?
I need a tax accountant, but don&#39;t know how to find one
What are these fees attached to mutual fund FSEMX?
Helping family with house payments
Can I apply prior years&#39; capital losses against my employee stock option exercise?
If you buy a new home before selling the old one, what could happen from not paying the old mortgage?
What is the P/E ratio for a company with negative earnings?
Repayment of 2010 First-time Homebuyer Tax Credit
Capital losses on early-purchased stock?
Is interest of credit cards caculated based on the amount unpaid within the grace period?
Efficient markets hypothesis and performance of IPO shares after lock-up period
Why do people buy US dollars on the black market?
How do I calculate net monthly salary (after taxes) in Germany?
Are large companies more profitable than small ones?
When does credit card counseling work?
Buying a new home and having &#39;equity&#39; in it
How to get started with savings, paying off debt, and retirement?
International transfer to bank account via &#39;routing bank&#39;
Are savings counted as part of expenses in a personal budget?
Am I elligible to contribute to an HSA plan if my spouse is on Medicare?
Is it a good idea to ask for a credit limit increase on a new credit card?
Is the ESPP discount profit?
what are the pros and cons of structured deposits?
Can I get a rebate after using my HSA?
HSA without a HDHP [USA]
Are parking spaces and garage boxes a good investment?
How to pay U.S. bills while living in Canada with Canadian income?
Making an offer on a property - go in at market price?
What are the advantages of using credit card to pay most of expenses?
Hiring a teenager as a household employee
I have access to a 401K at work but the fees are high. Should I contribute, or do otherwise?
Should I close my BestBuy Credit Card? Will it affect my credit score and history?
Why are big companies like Apple or Google not included in the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) index?
Starting off as an investor
Gnucash extension to generate interest entries
Advice on low-risk long-term strategy for extra cash?
Effect of a &quot;Bond Bubble&quot; Bursting?
ESPP strategy - Sell right away or hold?
Can I get my savings from my mom&#39;s bank now that I&#39;m 18?
Is there any drawback to paying credit card bills immediately rather than waiting until payment is due?
Continuous compounding in practice
When is the right time to buy a car and/or a house?
Why are the administrative fees for the three biggest donor-advised funds identical?
What are the contents of fixed annuities?
Does investing in a company support it?
How can I get free or discounted checks for my bank account?
What does Personal/Internal Rate of Return mean for a 401k?
Is there any real risk in having all mutual funds with the same brokerage?
Can Roth IRA first time home buyer withdrawals be made up?
Savings Account Rates vs. CD Rates vs IRA CD Rates
What is the best approach to save money for College for three kids?
How do I assume title as the co-signer on car loan after the borrower&#39;s death?
I&#39;m 29, single, and healthy. Do I need life insurance?
What is the point of the stock market? What is it for, and why might someone want to trade or invest?
My student loans are on an income-based repayment plan. How does this affect my debt-to-income ratio?
What are the benefits to listing a contribution to my Roth IRA as a 2012 contribution instead of a 2013 contribution?
How do public-company buyouts work?
Received a late 1099 MISC for income I reported already, do I have to amend?
How do you do inflation calculations and estimates?
How long after new employment before applying for a new credit card?
What college degree should I pursue to learn about stock and forex markets?
Why is the bid-ask spread considered a cost?
Why did my limit buy order execute at a lower price?
Why are some long term investors so concerned about their entry price?
How much penalty will I have to pay for paying my tax installment late?
Can I get my payment back on a vacation booked with a company that went into receivership?
Yield of a municipal bond with a sinking fund?
How quickly does decreasing credit utilization affect your credit score?
Will I have to pay taxes in India when I transfer money from a US bank to an Indian savings account?
Am I exposed to currency risk when I invest in shares of a foreign company that are listed domestically?
Do you have to be mega-rich to invest in companies pre-IPO?
How do euro hedged index funds work?
What do people mean when they talk about the central bank providing &quot;cheap money&quot;? What are the implications for the stock market?
Any Canadian tax shelter for lending to friends or family?
If my identity is stolen, is there another way to authenticate identity to the major credit bureaus other than my credit history?
Save a dollar for house downpayment or put it in an individual 401(k)?
When purchasing an IRA, should I contribute to a previously-opened one, or open a new one?
Is business the only way to become a millionaire?
Where do web sites get foreign exchange currency rate / quote information?
Do the proceeds from selling an option immediately convert to buying power in a margin account?
How can one relatively easily show that low expense ratio funds outperform high expense ratio funds?
Does money received from the estate of a deceased parent count as income?
Is there a most efficient way to pay off multiple loans with the same interest rate?
Would it be wise to add a person to the Title of my property to obtain a loan?
What are some strategies to determine how much I should spend on rent when I have a lot of savings?
Retirement accounts for non-working spouse
What is the difference between pre-tax and post-tax paycheck deductions?
Cheapest way to &quot;wire&quot; money in an Australian bank account to a person in England, while I&#39;m in Laos?
When filing MFS (US), do I need my separated spouses W-2?
Desktop application equivalent to Mint.com?
Rolling over a mixed 401k (Traditional and Roth) to a Roth IRA
Does a stay at home mom need term life insurance?
Capital gains taxes on share of inherited property?
I am a 23 yr old looking to open a Roth IRA. Should the fund I choose track the S&amp;P?
Why is there an income restriction on contributing to a Roth IRA?
Which tax year does a bonus fall under in Ireland?
How does one typically exit (close out) a large, in-the-money long put option position?
How is money in a Roth IRA classified as either &quot;earnings&quot; or &quot;contribution&quot; (basis)?
What can a customer do to reduce damage from a data breach?
Is it safe to give someone the following information?
When is the best time to put a large amount of assets in the stock market?
Transitioning from paper-trading (demo trading) to real trading?
What, if any, IRA options are permitted with my high salary?
Why was my credit card just cancelled?
Day care tax deduction
Defaulting on credit cards before leaving the country
Bi-weekly payment option
Where to categorize crypto-currencies
What should I do with my $25k to invest as a 20 years old?
What are the consequences of being claimed as a dependent in the US?
How does Vanguard determine the optimal asset allocation for their Target Retirement Funds?
Where to deduct gambling losses?
I gave an incorrect account number to pay my income taxes
Should I remodel or buy a bigger house?
Why is the price of my investment only updated once per day?
Low risk withdrawal from market. Is there a converse to dollar-cost-averaging?
Do Credit card companies only process your transactions or pay for them?
How much in gifts can I receive per year in the US?
What&#39;s the difference between a certified check, a cashier&#39;s check, a money order, and a bank draft?
How could a company survive just on operations cash flow, i.e. no earnings?
How can I take out a loan to repay my parents for school debt?
What are the consequences of cashing out a whole life insurance policy?
I am under 18 years old, in the US, my parents have terrible credit, how can I take out a loan?
Pros/cons of replicating a &quot;fund of funds&quot; with its component funds in my IRA?
Should I make more conservative investments in my company 401(K) if I&#39;m going to leave the job in a couple of years?
How can I find a lost 401K from a past employer?
Am I understanding buying options on stock correctly
What is the purpose of Social Security and Medicare deductions from my paycheck?
How dividend payout happens
is the bankruptcy of exchange markets possible?
Roth vs Traditional Investing assuming same tax bracket in retirement
How do top investors pull out 20% ROI?
How can a school club collect money using credit cards?
How should I be investing in bonds as part of a diversified portfolio?
USD destroyed in a fire
S-Corp Reasonable Salary
What should I do with my HSA?
Can I deduct work equipment I am not required to purchase by my employer?
If I could, should I buy a car with cash instead of credit?
How high should I set my KickStarter funding goal in order to have $35,000 left over?
Is it possible to reject a direct deposit?
If a startup receives investment money, does the startup founder/owner actually gain anything?
How (or is it necessary) to rebalance a 401k with only one index fund?
When someone retires is their Social Security check amount set forever?
How can I reduce the risk of credit card closure when paying the balance in full?
to what extent am I responsible for my wife&#39;s student loan?
Earning in a declining currency but foreign currency liabilities, what strategy assuming exchange rates continue to decline?
Will there always be somebody selling/buying in every stock?
Arguments on the &quot;unconstitutionality&quot; of income tax: What acts, etc. of Congress require payment of income tax?
Can&#39;t sell my house because of HOA delinquency rate
Affordable Care Act Documentation
Investment Options for 14-year old?
Claiming against visa rental car insurance
Sell a stock and buy a new one
The risk of shared family plan for cellphone
Can I freeze my credit file with no credit history?
New car vs used: how to compare value?
What are the 401K and IRA limits for next year (2013)?
What is the current US-Canadian agreement on withholding taxes for US Investment income?
What bank deposits are insured in the U.S.?
Are travel point / reward credit cards worth the hassle and cost?
How can I save money on car insurance?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of leasing out a property or part of a property (such as a basement apartment)?
When negotiating a compensation package with a prospective new employer, how can I determine what element is worth more?
What are futures and how are they different from options?
How can I save on banking charges?
I&#39;m building a family budget. What is a realistic and reasonable amount to set aside each week for &quot;entertainment/misc.&quot;?
Why Are Credit Card Rates Increasing / Credit Limits Falling?
How much money/time should be re-invested in your own business, as a contractor?
How does the concept of negative interest rates work? Are there any examples of this?
How do I screen for stocks that are near to their 52 weeks low
In Canada how much are child care receipts worth for income tax?
What is the interest rate online brokerages paying out tied to?
What are some ways your family has saved money via resource-sharing or hand-me-downs?
What are some good ways to spend FSA money?
I keep receiving letters from banks saying I&#39;m pre-approved for credit. Is this junk mail? Are they allowed to do this?
Can you recommend a good broker through which a UK company can trade in US stock markets?
Help! I&#39;ve cancelled their service, but this company continues to bill my credit card an annual fee. What can I do?
There have been many studies on the differences in earning-power between men and women. Have similar studies been done for race, religion or sexual orientation?
How can I find a list of self-select stocks &amp; shares ISA providers?
What is the difference between a charge card and a credit card?
Are defined benefit (DB) pension plans guaranteed in the U.S.? What happens if the sponsor company goes bankrupt?
Which non-bank-specific online money management applications work for Canadian banks?
Hearing much about Dave Ramsey. Which of his works is best in describing his &quot;philosophy&quot; about money?
Is it legal to hire people to generate traffic on a website?
Is there a free online credit report service in Canada?
What are the benefits and downsides to an LLC vs. Sole Proprietorship vs. Individiual?
Which EU or Turkish bank will issue a debit card to a non-resident from Ukraine?
Are the new &quot;Smart&quot; or &quot;Chip&quot; Credit Cards better from a security standpoint?
What investment strategy would you deduce from the latest article from Charles Munger?
What does pink-sheet mean related to stocks?
When going abroad, how do you take your money?
What is the best option for recent employee setting up a pension (UK)?
What expenses should be covered by an emergency fund
Is there a (legitimate) website on which I can check to see if I have any unclaimed money from past bank accounts?
Can I write my own will, or do I need a lawyer to draw one up for me?
Is it true that Income Tax was created to finance troops for World War I?
Do real nappies (reusable / cloth diapers) really save money?
Just noticed &quot;Minimum Payment Warning&quot; on my credit card statement. Did a law change or something?
How much money does Earth hour save?
What can I deduct while assisting in caring for elderly relatives that do not live with me?
Is there a return-on-investment vs risk graph anywhere?
What happens when you make extra payments but don&#39;t specify principal reduction?
Can I deduct equipment that I&#39;m required to purchase by my employer?
What are your thoughts (pros &amp; cons) on all-in-one accounts, like Manulife One?
Investing in foreign CDs, is it worth the risk?
Do personal cheques expire? [Canada]
Investment Portfolio Analysis: Could you recommend software or a web application with these features?
Currency values: Are there names for the parts before and after the decimal point?
Why does my (bank) card constantly fail to work in stores/machines?
Would it be better to borrow money from an elderly relative than from a bank?
What is the least valuable unit of actively used currency that is coined or printed?
Can I use Mint.com without giving out bank details &amp; manually enter transactions instead?
Are you allowed to have both a 401(k) and a SIMPLE IRA? If so, what about limits?
Is buying things on penny auctions a good idea? How do penny auctions work?
Do banks keep their reserves at the Fed in cash or can they be kept in US Treasuries?
Joint ownership on home (50/50), when I apply for a loan, do they look at total mortgage payment as debt or half?
How does a Value Added Tax (VAT) differ from a Sales Tax?
Is the warranty on an engagement ring worth it
What is the best way to determine if you should refinance a mortgage?
Should I pay off HELOC or save?
Does closing a normal bank account affect my credit like closing a credit line?
What is a typical investment portfolio made up of?
What should I invest in to hedge against a serious crash or calamity?
How can I check my credit score?
How long should I retain my income tax information?
In India, what is the difference between Dividend and Growth mutual fund types?
Reducing mortgage term by paying off a chunk of the principal each quarter - how effective is this?
Is it a bad idea to transfer all my money via ATM?
Are there any Social Responsibility Index funds or ETFs?
How do you find reasonably priced, quality, long lasting clothing?
Strategies for saving and investing in multiple foreign currencies
Comparing IRA vs 401K&#39;s rate-of-return with dollar cost averaging
Most cost effective way to regularly transfer funds from the US to the UK?
As co-founder, does Steve Jobs still own enough Apple shares to control Apple Inc.?
Is my credit score of 766 lower than it should be?
Difference between a (credit union) &quot;share certificate&quot; and a (bank) CD?
Explain the details and benefits of rebalancing a retirement portfolio?
How can I estimate my income tax bill for the current year?
Universal Term Life Insurance instead of Term Life Insurance?
Can I write-off Visual Studio 2010 on my taxes if I want to learn it?
Why won&#39;t my retirement account let me write a &quot;covered put&quot;?
How do amortization schedules work and when are they used?
Beneficiary IRAs and Required Minimum Distributions
Where can one find intraday prices for mutual funds?
Do things really fall off a person&#39;s credit in seven years?
Alternatives to Paypal plug-in for one-time use card generation
High mortgage rate and low home prices VS low mortgage and high prices
Is it worth paying off my loan early with only 4 payments left?
Nit picky personal accounting question: What is the right way to record borrowing from yourself?
Gift Tax Exemptions in the US
Why do mortgage affordability recommendations use gross income?
Why would a central bank or country not want their currency to appreciate against other currencies?
How should I deal with my long term gain this year?
Can you tell how much mortgage payments will be after the fixed term?
When&#39;s the best time to sell the stock of a company that is being acquired/sold?
What&#39;s the fuss about identity theft?
Calculate annualized return on stock with multiple transactions
What is an alternative to bank CD accounts that would pay slightly more interest?
Should I try to consolidate my student loans? If so, how should I do it? What traps should I watch out for?
Should I sell when my stocks are growing?
Including the region where you live in your investment portfolio?
How much should I trust seller&#39;s expense and revenue data in evaluating multifamily real estate investment?
How much time would I have to spend trading to turn a profit?
Where can I trade FX spot options, other than saxobank.com?
If a house is in foreclosure what does the bank own vs what the former owner owns
What is the best way to access money in the UK while living and working in Germany?
How does tax work for an overseas contractor on a split year contract?
What does the phrase &quot;To make your first million&quot; mean?
What are the top &quot;market conditions&quot; to follow?
Is there a Way to Bet on the Trade Volume of a Stock?
Buying a house: Is it a problem if I switch jobs after qualifying for a mortgage but before closing on it?
Why does the Fed buy treasury bonds through Goldman Sachs instead of from the treasury?
Checking to brokerage transfer latency: Why does it take 3 days to move money, even at the same bank?
Can a credit card minimum payment be less than the interest?
Donating books to charity &amp; claiming a deduction on my income tax: How to value the goods?
How do LLC losses affect personal income taxes in the US?
Where can I research corporate convertible bonds?
Credit cards: How is a cash advance different from a purchase? Why are the fees so high?
What economic growth rate is required to halve U.S. unemployment?
Best bank for withdrawing cash when traveling outside the U.S.?
Filing Tax on Income Received from iPhone App
Why is my corporate bond portfolio decreasing when my stock portfolio is increasing?
Historical US federal income tax rates
Am I allowed to freely shop for mortgages before closing?
Effectiveness of technical analysis techniques: Any supporting studies?
I am an American citizen but have never lived in the US. Do I need to fill a W8-BEN or a W-9?
Can a check used for medical expenses be written off if it is written in the current year and clears in the following year?
What is the difference between PPF and NSC saving schemes?
How do credit card payments work? What ensures the retailer charges the right amount?
Best way to fund solo 401k account in cash crunch?
Is there a UK equivalent of mint.com?
How to do an international money transfer of a large sum of money to the U.S.?
How can I tell if a mutual fund is inflated?
re balancing portfolio by only buying more or by both selling and buying under and over allocated assets?
Is the stock market too risky for long term retirement funds? Why should a 20- or 30-something person invest in stocks?
Totally new to finance, economy, where should I start?
Figuring S-corp taxes - salary vs. dividends
Is there such a thing as a deposit-only bank account?
Can I deposit checks into my credit union into another bank&#39;s ATM?
Personal finance app where I can mark transactions as &quot;reviewed&quot;?
Is the minimum investment the same as minimum balance for a mutual fund?
Tax implications of having some self-employment income?
Is there an Online System like mint.com available for Germany?
Get interest on $100K by spending only $2K using FOREX rollovers?
Is short selling a good hedging strategy during overzealous market conditions?
Best way to pay US Federal taxes on unpredictable royalty income on time throughout the year?
U.S. Citizen&#39;s Roth IRA contributions by a resident of a foreign country
Mortgage Refinance calculator
Walking away from a mortgage &amp; home - financial options
How can I stop wasting food?
How can I remove the movement of the stock market as a whole from the movement in price of an individual share?
Are there Investable Real Estate Indices which track Geographical Locations?
Employer doesn&#39;t offer a 401(k).  Where can I invest pre-tax dollars?
Do I need to start a company?
How can I make a Roth IRA contribution AFTER filing taxes for 2010?
Lower risk short-term investment during periods of low interest rates
Does it make sense to switch from a 30 year 6.99% loan to a 6.89% loan (Australia)
What is &quot;beta&quot; for an investment or a portfolio, and how do I use it?
Is there any truth to the saying &#39;99% of the world&#39;s millionaires have become rich by doing real estate&#39;?
Can a mortgage payment date be changed?
Should we prepay our private student loans, given our particular profile?
Can I transfer money from my prepaid Visa gift card to my debit card?
What is the difference between a stop order and a stop limit order?
Should I take contributions out of my Roth IRA to live off of?
Where can I find a definition of psychological barriers with respect to marketable securities?
When inflation is mentioned over a period of more than one year, is it typically reported as a compound annual growth rate?
Is &quot;simplified term life insurance&quot; (i.e. instant buy; no examination) a good idea?
Should I take a loan on my 401k to repay student loans?
While building a retirement portfolio, should the concentration be more on increasing net worth or cash flow?
What is my next step with investing, given a signing bonus of restricted stock units?
Home Valuation in a Dodgy neighborhood
Can multiple Form 4868 be placed in same envelope?
Basis for American collectible coins in lieu of proof of purchase price?
Under what circumstances might getting an ARM be warranted?
Looking for suggestions for relatively safe instruments if another crash were to happen
How does the yield on my investments stack up against other investors?
How do I withdraw funds from my Health Savings Account?
If banks offer a fixed rate lower than the variable rate, is that an indication interest rates may head down?
What is the difference between a &#39;trader&#39; and a &#39;stockbroker&#39;?
How does a bank transfer money to another bank?
What is a good asset allocation for a 24 year old planning to do a startup?
Rental Income and Expenses (Taxes)
What&#39;s a good next step in rebuilding my credit rating?
If a US citizen works in Europe as a consultant, what are the tax consequences?
I&#39;m in the U.S.  What are vehicles to invest in international stocks?
What options exist for a person moving with an upside-down mortgage?
Is the average wage a reliable measure for how much the average person earns?
How do I compare my investment portfolio against the S&amp;P 500?
Should I pay my Education Loan or Put it in the Stock Market?
For the first time in my life, I&#39;m going to be making real money...what should I do with it?
Is there a penalty if I withdraw from TFSA?
What is the usual delay for a SEPA transaction?
UK - Closed Company, Bank has frozen the remaining funds
Roth IRA for Students
Co-signed with my mother and sister on a home, sister has made no payment is she entitled to 1/3 of the share of the home?
How can I check whether old foreign currency paper bills or coins still have value / considered legal tender?
Are there any consequences to having a negative balance on a credit card?
Should I wait a few days to sell ESPP Stock?
What is the role of a manager in a passively managed index fund?
I messed up on my tax return... what do I do now?
How can I calculate the value of donated clothing for tax purposes?
What is the true value, i.e. advantages or benefits, of building up equity in your home?
Is there a reason to link my bank account to Paypal?
Can I cancel a credit card without negatively affecting my credit?
How does taxation change when I have a child?
I may earn a lot of cash soon through self-employment on a lucrative project.  How to handle the tax?
How do I track 401k rollovers in Quicken?
If I short-sell a dividend-paying stock, do I have to pay the dividend?
How do I sign over a check made out to two people?
How to trade &quot;exotic&quot; currencies?
Is there any tax-deductible way to help fund my siblings&#39; education?
How can a freelancer get a credit card? (India)
Looking for a stock market simulation that&#39;s as close to the real thing as possible
Why the need for human brokers while there are computers?
Pay down on second mortage when underwater?
What are the pros and cons of investing in a closed-end fund?
What things should I ask for in a lease addendum from tenants?
When &quot;someone makes X dollars a year in the US&quot;, is that gross or net income?
Can creditors force sale of shares to pay debt?
How could the 14th amendment relate to the US gov&#39;t debt ceiling crisis?
Do US banks lend your money to foreign banks during the weekend while you cannot make withdrawals?
What happens to my shares if another company purchases my company?
Can mutual fund prices have opening gaps? Might my order to be filled at a higher price?
Italy BTP vs. German Bund spread. Care to explain?
Taxes on selling stock
What are my chances at getting a mortgage with Terrible credit but High income
Why so much noise about USA&#39;s credit rating being lowered?
What is the opposite of Economic Bubble?
Consider Paypal fees in accounting
What are the primary investment strategies people use and why do they use them?
What is the maximum amount that can be held in a traditional or Roth IRA?
When is a good time to invest in gold? In what situations is the price of gold likely to drop?
Is it common for ratings agencies to disagree on sovereign debt ratings?
I have a horrible 401k plan, with high expenses.  Should I stay with it or move my money elsewhere?
How do I determine the amount of a buy out between common law partners in a home owned together?
I am getting an Inherited ROTH IRA BDA from a divorce, and I need to cash this out, to pay debt
Transfer money from US (&quot;prepaid&quot;) VISA Debit to AU bank account
Stocks vs. High-yield Bonds: Risk-Reward, Taxes?
Balanced medium horizon investment for today&#39;s situation?
Can I increase my credit limit by transferring money to my Credit Card account?
I have a 401k loan used for a house down payment and now I am changing jobs: What should I do?
What steps should be taken, if any, when you find out your home&#39;s market value is underwater, i.e. worth less than the mortgage owed?
Should I file an insurance claim for a door ding?
Do company-provided meals need to be claimed on my taxes?
Tax due on foreign exchange element of share option program?
Would consolidating my student loans improve my credit score?
What can I do to help my financial situation?
I keep getting denied for high utilization
What factors affect the yield and &quot;trade value&quot; on an exchange of a junk bond ETF?
What is the difference between credit score and debt rating?
What happens to my credit card or line of credit if my bank goes bust?
Effect of country default on house prices?
Can my significant other deposit a check made out to me?
Why do lenders do a hard pull when they can do a soft pull instead or are these different reports?
Ask for credit decrease
Is it possible to deduct health insurance premiums from taxes?
How can I correct over-contribution to an IRA?
If a brokerage commits fraud (by not separating customer funds), is there any SIPC protection?
How can I evaluate a bank&#39;s online connectivity?
Best way to repay parents for college
What is considered a business expense on a business trip?
how do i get an out-of-state billing address for a credit card?
What could cause a stock to trade below book value?
Home loan transferred to Freddie Mac -- What does this mean?
Is it worth the hassle to open a reward checking account for 4.09%?
Buying an option in the money, at the money, or out of the money
Confused About Term Life Insurance / Mortgage Insurance
How feasible would it be to retire just maxing out a Roth IRA?
Is it illegal to buy derivatives on your own assets?
Roth IRA - Vanguard or Fidelity? If a college student had to pick one?
API for retrieving index P/E ratio?
How is Insider Trading Tracked?
Roth IRA = Emergency Fund. Any Safe Investments?
Treasury Bonds, and why has the NYSE 20+ Year Treasury Bond index (AXTWEN) gone up so much in the last year (2011)?
Am I calculating this correctly? Buying a discounted coupon results in more money spent than saved
Maximum stay in US for ex-pats
What are remedies if a collection agency won&#39;t remove a false item from the credit report?
When should I start saving/investing for my retirement?
Do ETF managers charge management fees on top of transaction fees?
Primary residence converted to a rental property &amp; tax implications
Protecting an elderly parent&#39;s assets / medicaid look-back
What are the potential penalties for filing an erroneous tax return, if I amend the return immediately?
Will &quot;rate shopping&quot; affect my credit score?
Why can&#39;t I short a particular stock?
What are some well known or well regarded arguments against investing?
How smart is it really to take out a loan right now?
Can already-retired immigrants get Social Security or other payments from the U.S. government?
5-Year Dividend Yield and Growth Rate
Buy index mutual fund or build my own?
Wells Fargo Brokerage has no shares of stock to short
Why can&#39;t the Fed lower interest rates below zero?
How are active ETFs possible?
Can I find out what the IRS knows about me?
What tax rules apply to selling of digital goods, specifically in-game currencies?
Can stock brokerage firms fail?
Is it a good idea to buy a house with a low ARM monthly payment, then rent it out?
Is it better to buy a computer on my credit card, or on credit from the computer store?
When I google a ticker like XLE or something, I see a price which updates frequently (about every second or so), where can I find this for options?
How should minor children be listed as IRA beneficiaries?
Who sets the price and provides the quoted price values for stocks?
Who owns NASDAQ? Does it collect fees from stock transactions?
Timing on cashing out whole life policy?
Multiple mortgage pre-approvals and effects on credit score
Dollar-cost averaging: How often should one use it? What criteria to use when choosing stocks to apply it to?
Keeping our current home (second property) as a rental. Will it interfere with purchasing a third home?
Saving for niece&#39;s education: Roth vs 529 vs something else?
Why did the stock chart for Facebook&#39;s first trading day show an initial price of $42 when the IPO price was $38?
Should we invest some of our savings to protect against inflation?
How do companies like paypal work with international customers?
How and why does the exchange rate of a currency change almost everyday?
If a deposit of $1200 is being processed but hasn&#39;t yet been cleared, then can I immediately use that money to pay with my debit card?
Recommendation for learning fundamental analysis?
Working as freelancer with two partners. How do I report the income for tax purposes in India?
Can I write off expenses during a contract-to-hire period?
Investment methods for a US non-resident alien, living in the US for the next 2-5 years only
How do I calculate the current risk involved with US Bond Index Funds?
Common practice to closing a checking and savings account?
Buying a home, it appraised higher than the purchase price, does this affect mortgage insurance?
Why is there a delay on credit card transactions showing up on my online statement?
Question about car loan payment
CD interest rate US vs abroad, is there a catch?
How to pay more principal on home loan?
Tax treatment of repaid tuition after employment termination
What are libor swap rates?
Should I participate in a 401k if there is no company match?
How does owning a home and paying on a mortgage fit into family savings and investment?
Is NO credit history the same as BAD credit history?
Where do large corporations store their massive amounts of cash?
Archive Financial Records by Account or by Year
Do banks accept a large gift to me as a valid down payment for a house?
How do I evaluate a health insurance policy that covers a specific disease?
Investment time horizon: When is it acceptable to withdraw money from investments?
What to do with an unused money order?
Company is requesting W-9 before refunding purchase
What is a private banker?
Day Late on Delivery of Bill to Verizon
Help understanding credit card interest
Lower withholding based on my calculations. How to get employer to change withheld amount?
Why would something vanish from credit report?
Accounting for payment into wrong currency account
Family/divorce lawyer wants large retainer before taking on case. Is this normal?
I have an &quot;excellent&quot; credit rating. Do I need to get a preapproval mortgage letter?
How should I record the changing value of an investment in accounting software?
What happens to public shareholders when a public stock goes private?
What are the costs to establish an LLC and to maintain it?
Funds in closed bank account have gone to the government
What are the ins/outs of writing equipment purchases off as business expenses in a home based business?
Why aren&#39;t companies calling their 7%+ notes if interest rates are so low?
Non-qualified Savings Plan vs. 401(k) for Highly Compensated Employee
What is the advantage to me in not paying off my debts?
How to reactivate my dormant bank account in the US as non US resident?
Can I deduct the cost of licenses for tools/utilities and services come tax time?
Can I deduct my Goodwill donations from my taxes in Kentucky?
Rules about spouse&#39;s HSA
Gains/loss calculation for staggered buys &amp; sells?
Good way to record currency conversion transactions in personal accounting software?
New to working as an independent contractor, what do?
Same-sex, multiple state income tax
How does refinancing work?
Donation Value Of &quot;One Bag Of Clothing&quot;
Personal liability insurance with no car or house
Are commissions paid to realtors for finding tenants for my rental property tax deductable as a rental expense?
How to find out if a company is legit?
How do I claim investment income that was earned in a jointly held account?
How do the wealthy pay for things?
Buying a home without a Real Estate Agent - Who should I get to do the paperwork?
Does making all one&#39;s payments through a credit card make sense?
PMI cancellation based on original mortgage amount
How do I report using an IRA distribution to purchase a first home
Remote work. Live in one state, company in another state. tax witholding
Personal bank account in the U.S. opened while on a J-1 Visa: Can I still use it?
How do small cap stocks perform vs. large cap stocks (like Dow constituents) during bear trends?
Moving money from my savings account to an IRA - why am I paying taxes on it?
ITIN Application - IRS requesting original passport
529 Plans vs Coverdell ESA
When is a SEP IRA appropriate, can a Roth IRA suffice for self-employed individuals?
Is it possible to calculate/estimate W2 based last paycheck?
Investments backed by physical Diamonds?
Is candlestick charting an effective trading tool in timing the markets?
Are you allowed to start paying into an ISA, transfer, and then pay into the new one?
Borrowed Canadian Money and paying back in US
Will I lose a lot on health insurance by changing employer? (Yearly OoP Max)
Where can I find announcements of official GDP figures for the US and other countries?
What is a rule of thumb for accruing debt on a rental property?
How do I buy an option that doesn&#39;t exist yet?
Couch Potato Portfolio for Europeans?
Value of Pension in regards to salary negotiations
Retirement Funds: Betterment vs Vanguard Life strategy vs Target Retirement
Is there anything I can do to prepare myself for the tax consequences of selling investments to buy a house?
Do I need to keep paper records for my business?
Does total US public debt include state debt?
Is having a Critical Illness Insurance worth it?
My parent claimed me as a dependent on their 2012 taxes. Do I have to claim their income on my FAFSA?
Domestic Partnership Health Insurance and Tax implications
How do multi-currency bank accounts work? What is the advantage?
Am I required to have a lawyer create / oversee creation of my will?
Should I cancel an existing credit card so I can open another that has rewards?
Loan-with-PMI vs other loan: which is best to pay down
Verification of student loan amounts
Sanity check on recommendations from a financial advisor
How many weeks of living expenses does the average American have savings for?
In the event of a corporate spin-off, how can I calculate the correct cost basis for each company&#39;s shares?
Buying life insurance at the age of 25
What is the difference between a Loan, a Lien, and a Mortgage?
How to determine fair market value for a home donated to a fire department for training exercises?
Why would a person not want to purchase a Personal Liability (Umbrella) insurance policy?
Temporarily reduce 401k contributions to help save for a downpayment?
As a beginner investor, should I start investing with mutual funds through my bank, or with an online broker?
How should one account for inflation when planning retirement savings and withdrawals?
Tax considerations for selling a property below appraised value to family?
Collecting Dividends while insulating volatility through options?
How do I enter a house sale into my accounting package?
Tax implications for a 100% 401k contribution limit
Am I really house poor?
Can a US bank prevent you from making early payments to the principal on a home mortgage?
Does a non-vested company contribution count towards the annual 401(k) limit?
What are my options for paying off the large balance of my federal, high interest student loans?
What is the role of expense tracking in the long term?
Upside-down mortgage - pay it down or invest elsewhere?
Which state do you pay taxes in if you work in a different state than your employer? Specifically, if you live DC and work for a company in New York?
Where can I find P/E and CAPE data for different sectors, countries and market capitalizations
I plan on receiving a $200,000 personal loan via wire transfer. Do I have to report this to the IRS?
What does &quot;/&quot; and &quot;^&quot; mean in ticker symbols? How to translate these symbols into yahoo?
Should I purchase company stock through my ESPP?
How do banks feel about loaning money to independent IT contractors for a home mortgage?
Why have U.S. bank interest rates been so low for the past few years?
How does the Pension system work in Poland?
What&#39;s the benefit of a credit card with an annual fee, vs. a no-fee card?
Tax Consequences of a Gift
Why is a coin an asset whereas a note is a liability on the Federal Reserve&#39;s balance sheet?
Is there any public data available to determine an ETF&#39;s holdings?
My employer is switching 401k plan providers. How might this work in practice?
Mutual fund net expense ratio greater than gross expense ratio
What happens with an international transfer in a different currency than my own?
Can I buy mutual funds from more than one company with multiple Roth IRA accounts?
Social security &quot;bonus&quot; for married retirees?
Order to sell bond / stock at one of two prices crossed, rather than one price
Is the mortgage interest calculated on original principal or remaining principal
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account (DCFSA) over-contribution rules
Estate liability for co-signer to Sallie Mae student loan?
Stocks and Bankruptcy
Do I need to report income to the US if working from home from Canada for a US company?
In Quebec, what kind of financial assistance might be available to an unemployed single mother with kids?
Can my bank automatically pay my credit card company without my consent?
Is there a difference between buying few shares of an expensive stock vs many shares of an inexpensive one?
The five-year rule and backdoor Roth IRA conversions with non-deductible contributions
What is the &quot;California SOS file number&quot; and where do I find it?
What can I take from learning that a company&#39;s directors are buying or selling shares?
Can I contribute my existing Treasury Bills into a Roth IRA?
Less than a year at my first job out of college, what do I save for first?
What percentage of my income should go towards expenses?
How Does A Special Memorandum Account Work
18 year old making $60k a year; how should I invest? Traditional or Roth IRA?
If the housing market is recovering, why would a REIT index ETF (e.g. VNQ) not be performing well?
Are car buying services worth it?
What happens when a non-U.S. citizen who&#39;s been making money from the U.S. moves to the U.S.?
Weekly budgets based on (a variable) monthly budget
Whole life insurance as an investment vehicle
What is the &quot;rule of 70&quot; or &quot;rule of 72&quot; with regards to investment, and how do I apply it?
My spouse and I can make a budget, but how can I get her to consistently follow it?
Bond prices: Why is a high yield sometimes too good to be true?
Are there any banks in Europe that I can have an account without being in that country?
Already did my taxes for the year 2013 and received my return. Can I still contribute to my Roth IRA for the year 2013?
My company owed taxes for many years, An accountant asked me to ignore it and register a new one. Is it a right thing to do?
If I&#39;m an independent contractor in Australia, doing small jobs for a company in NY, do I pay taxes to Australia or The US?
Am I doing the math for this covered call/long put strategy correctly? What risks do I run with this strategy?
How to deal with insurance when renting a car from an individual?
How to bet against the London housing market?
Do I include small amounts of interest on my taxes if they didn&#39;t send a 1099-INT?
Is it a good idea to get a mortgage when buying a house, for credit reasons?
Should question 1 on the Student Information Worksheet be interpreted literally?
Gift card fraud: To whom to report? How to recover funds? Is the party which issued me the card liable?
Where to save money in preparation of buying second house?
How do I calculate the (likely) property taxes on a new home in a new area?
Is there a tax deduction for renting office space in service of employer?
What is an &quot;Options Account&quot;?
Should I collect receipts after paying with a card?
What is the best safe way to earn most interest of 100k savings?
Why do I need an attorney to buy a house?
Transferring large sums of money overseas
When is it worth it to buy dividend-bearing stocks?
My company terminated me and closed my Flexible Spending Account
Job Offer - Explain Stock Options [US]
How do I deal with a clinic billing mistake that was sent to collections?
Is PAYE Mandatory for Making Salary Payments
Can I deduct my individual Health Insurance Premium in Tax
Getting over that financial unease? Budgeting advice
Where do I invest my Roth IRA besides stock market and mutual funds?
Student Loan versus Cash ISA
UK ISA - Can Only contribute to 1 provider a year?
Best way to transfer abroad loan amount to Indian parents Savings Account
Can I use an HSA to pay financed payments for LASIK?
Difference between a mortgage and buy-to-let in UK
How does Wells Fargo use my phone number to find my Bank of America account?
I started some small businesses but need help figuring out taxes. Should I hire a CPA?
How do I divide equity following separation with cohabiting partner?
What happens to my position if I hold some stocks of a company that gets acquired?
I recently moved to the UK. Should I do something to build a credit history?
I own a mutual fund that owns voting shares, who gets the vote?
What is a &quot;convertible note&quot;?
Disabled, no-income except SS, on various programs that help...What if I receive a windfall?
Does a U.S. citizen working in Mexico have to pay taxes to the United States?
Comparing HDHP vs PPO Plans: Am I missing something?
How is a relocation fee of more than 40k taxed?
ATM took in the money after spitting it out
Should I split contributions between 2 Roth IRAs or max one out?
Withdrawing IRA early to pay off large credit card debt?
Why is it that stock prices for a company seem to go up after a layoff?
Can I contribute money to a 401k, 457b, and an IRA all at the same time?
I&#39;m 20 and starting to build up for my mortgage downpayment, where should I put my money for optimal growth?
How secure is my 403(b)? Can its assets be &quot;raided&quot;?
How do you typically pay a deposit for a house?
Can I go beyond my 15% contribution cap when I start contributing to 401k in fourth quarter?
Best way for for soon to turn 18 to learn about money?
What&#39;s the number 2, 1.84, 2.35 meaning in this news report?
Can you report on time payments on private loan?
Solo-401k interaction with employer sponsored 401k. Limits of contribution from Schedule C income
What happens if I don&#39;t pay my rent while my lease still has time to run?
How to protect myself against unauthorized recurring CC charges?
Distribution from a traditional IRA and future contributions to a Roth IRA
mortgage vs car loan vs invest extra cash?
How can the interest rate be disguised in a car lease?
HDHP Part of Year, HSA Max Contribution
Student loan debt and business owner: What&#39;s the best loan-payoff strategy?
Need something more basic than a financial advisor or planner
Shopping around for loans without detrimentally effecting credit rating/chance of getting said loan?
For a non-resident, Is it worth investing in a 401k?
How to divide up utilities when one tenant&#39;s rent includes utilities, but others&#39; don&#39;t?
How to deal with taxable income from discharge of student loan?
What is the smartest thing to do in case of a stock market crash
How do credit cards, minimum payments, and interest work?
Rental Car Company or Insurance Provider: Whom Do I Call First?
How much of my capital should I spend on subscribing to a stock research company?
What happens to 401k when I change my job?
Can I gift money out of a UTMA account to my child&#39;s sibling?
Sleazy Bait and Switch Marketing -- Is this legal?
What scrutiny to expect if making large purchase with physical cash?
Are there any disadvantages to having multiple IRA accounts?
Why are contactless cards so heavily advertised?
Why use accounting software like Quickbooks instead of Excel spreadsheets?
How do I compensate for an incorrect 1099-MISC?
Is Buying American Shares in Canada a Good Idea?
Should I Buy a House or Wait
Can capital expenses for volunteer purposes be deducted from income?
When does Ontario&#39;s HST come into effect?
I have a secured line of credit (substantial balance) as well as a retirement account. Am I wisest to pay off my debt before contributing to my retirement account?
What is a FICO score and how is it related to a credit report?
How can a 529 plan help me save for my child&#39;s college education?
Getting on the property ladder: mortage, downpayment, fees? [UK]
What type of investments should be in a TFSA, given its tax-free growth and withdrawal benefits?
How can we use up our Flex Spending Account (FSA) before the end of the year?
Thinking of doing an MBA: Is an $80K top MBA school better than a $24K online MBA school?
What&#39;s the best application, software or tool that can be used to track time?
Do I have to pay taxes on income from my website or profits?
What are good tips for someone starting out to establish good credit history?
How old must you be to apply for a bank credit card, store credit, or cash advance loan?
Is a fixed-price natural gas or electricity contract likely to save money?
Online tutorials for calculating DCF (Discounted Cash Flow)?
How do I know my Citi credit card account number, for setting up a Virtual Account Number?
What is a good place to park a Christmas bonus? Pay down the mortgage, TFSA or RRSP?
Are insurance payouts taxable in Canada?
Paying off loans early, or is there some way to reduce extortionate interest charges?
How do I get bill collectors who call about people I know to stop calling me?
How can I minimize the impact of the HST?
Online calculators for child benefits in the U.K.?
Can I use funds in my 403(b) retirement plan for a first-time home purchase?
When applying for a mortgage, can it also cover outstanding debts?
RESP withdrawals: What are the eligible/qualified education costs or expenses, other than tuition?
How do I find a tax advisor or &quot;tax man&quot;?
Fee structure when Opening Two Accounts with One Broker
Working abroad in Australia, what is involved financially and administratively?
Where can I get a list of ticker symbols that have stock options?
Contractors: Guideline on what percentage to keep when hiring a SUB-contractor?
Mortgage: Difference between joint tenancy / tenants vs. tenancy in common?
Is there any site to compare the security of (online) banking services?
Payment service provider which works with CIS (ex-USSR countries)
How can I make the most money when selling used stuff in a mass &quot;spring clean&quot; on eBay?  
How to Transition From Employee to Employer?
How do I get a US credit or debit card if I reside outside the US?
How can you be sure you&#39;re getting the best prices on airfare and hotels from travel websites?
An ecommerce retailer forgot to charge my credit card, &amp; I received the package. Legally speaking, must I inform them they didn&#39;t charge me?
Could my insurance company be giving my healthcare providers kickbacks?
Year end for ISAs, is it worth squeezing more in quickly?
How much should I charge for shipping as a function of unit weight?
Spring cleaning for your finances? Is there any activity that should be done annually, with respect to your money?
Travelled to New York State &amp; bought something. Can I get sales tax refund back?
Sole proprietorship or LLC?
How much tax can you save in a UK ISA?
Is there a law or regulation that governs the maximum allowable interest amount that can be charged on credit cards or in agreements where credit is extended?
Retroactive COBRA Premium Increase: Can my COBRA health insurance premiums be hiked retroactively?
Did not cash cheque for last years tax refund, can I ask for another?
Can I get a tax deduction for giving towards my grandchildren&#39;s education?
Fund or ETF that simulates the investment goals of an options &quot;straddle&quot; strategy?
How can I fix a mistake I made on my income tax filing? [US]
Why are ETF MERs lower than mutual fund MERs?
Best personal finance software for Mac for German resident
Ontario HST Rebate: Is the HST rebate taxable / to be included in one&#39;s income?
When Is Using Too Much Credit Bad?
Simple and safe way to manage a lot of cash
Will there be enough money in the Canada Pension Plan (CPP) to cover baby boomer retirement?
How can I limit the value of my bank account tied to PayPal?
Finding a good small business CPA?
What questions to ask a prospective employer when receiving a job offer?
How to sell jewelery without getting ripped off?
Can I move my 401k to another country without paying tax penalty?
Are factory outlet stores really cheaper these days?
Where should I be investing my money?
Why should I avoid mutual funds as an investment?
Should I save in a CD or in an online savings account?
Putting debt out long when interest rates are low?
What types of receipts do I need to keep for itemized tax deductions?
What is a timeshare?
Should I ask for an offer for my tracker mortgage? [Ireland]
Postal order has my name mis-spelt, can I still cash it?
Foreclosure debt still on the credit report
(Legitimate &amp; respectable) strategies to generate &quot;passive income&quot; on the Internet?
How to decide whether to replace or repair?
Long Term Cash-Equivalent ETFs for &quot;cash&quot; allocation
What are the risks associated with leveraged trading accounts?
I&#39;m looking for a credit card with daily purchase notifications
Wardrobe: To Update or Not? How-to without breaking the bank
How to calculated mandatory withdrawals for 401k? (Required Minimum Distribution)
Changing jobs: Should I cash out Roth 401(k) or move it to another account type?
Is there a site that compares IRAs by different companies?
Would you withdraw your money from your bank if you thought it was going under?
Can I actually get a share of stock issued with a piece of paper anymore?
Pros and cons of using a personal assistant service to manage your personal finances?
Should I wait to save up 20% downpayment on a 500k condo?
Tracking Gold and Silver (or any other commodity investment) in Quicken 2010?
Why do 10 year-old luxury cars lose so much value?
Where can you find historical PEs of US indices?
How does one interpret financial data for stocks listed on multiple exchanges?
Where can I buy preferred stocks as opposed to common stocks?
Will I have any problems keeping my money in a UK bank, even though I am out of the country?
Why is my available balance and my total balance not lining up on my credit card?
Are there any countries where citizens are free to use any currency?
Debit cards as bad as credit cards?
Do there exist any wikipedia type sites for evaluating financial service providers?
How does Clark Howard&#39;s advice compare to Dave Ramsey&#39;s advice?
What are some good resources for yearly US tax law changes?
Do large market players using HFT make it unsafe for individual investors to be in the stock market?
What part of buying a house would make my net worth go down?
Is debt almost always the cause of crashes and recessions?
How do &quot;past due&quot; utility bills affect credit rating?
Can a monetary settlement be placed into an account that provides gradual access to the funds?
What are the most common subtleties of COBRA continuation health coverage?
Do I need to add my girlfriend as a driver on my car insurance?
When to pay a credit card in order to avoid fees/penalties/interest?
How would one find foreclosures in Canada, Newfoundland?
What to do when institutions stopped lending you money?
How does a new employee maintain their existing intellectual property when taking a job with a large company?
Will anything happen to me if the AMT is not re-established before 2011?
Will prices really be different for cash and cards?
If I go to a seminar held overseas, may I claim my flights on my tax return?
Can I open an IRA and add specific stocks to it?
How to compare current mortgage to re-finance?
What are the differences between an investment mortgage and a personal mortgage?
How can I spend less?
