How to name quarter tone chords
Instruments on their own tracks - music file and repositories?
How to know which chord shape to use for each root note in the scale?
Rocksmith 2014 as a learning tool
How to soften half-diminished IV in a minor key
Can&#39;t feel meter when playing
Problems tuning an old Egmond acoustic with floating bridge
What equipment can be used to measure sound equipment quality?
Forcing a slide between different chord shapes
What determines whether a chord progression makes sense?
How can I produce any melody on my guitar as effortlessly as I do with my voice?
How does one start learning music theory?
Is there a constant relation between a song notes and its chords progression?
Barre chords, how to avoid or simplify?
How to sync a wireless and wired speaker
X or Y guitarist doesn&#39;t know music theory - how true is this statement?
Piano: Finger substitution vs spreading hand for different intervals
How popular are vocal lifts with professional singers?
Preparing click tracks for songs with multiple tempos
Higher registers and lower registers of piano more difficult to play
Etymology of &quot;high&quot; and &quot;low&quot; notes
Is there a name for the technique where a singer uses the falsetto register on releasing a note?
How can I increase my vocal endurance and sing longer without getting hoarse and losing my voice?
How do pianos and keyboards differ?
I-IV-V blues progression
Will leaving the G string off an acoustic guitar for a few days hurt the guitar?
Guitar fretboard diagram generators
How to use diminished scale over I IV V changes in blues
“The Simpsons” main theme
How to learn to exchange hands&#39; roles on keyboard
Upgrading from 0.009 to 0.010 string gauge. Do I have to do a guitar setup?
Is it best to think of the notes or Scale degrees related to a tonic?
How to import samples to Korg iElectribe app for iOS
How does scale length affect my playing?
How to play chords from a tab where a capo is used
Curved windway of a recorder - what is the use for it?
lilypond: can I combine \autochange and \change Staff?
What can I do if I want to work the kick pedal on Bass Drum with my heel?
Do song lyrics need to be complicated and have hidden meaning?
Compare the similarity of flow and rhythm of 2 songs
Switching between ASIO4ALL ON/OFF without having to shut down browser
How is this B flat guitar chord physically possible?
Relation of the diminished chord to the circle of fifths?
1 ta te ta counting
Can you put a detuner on any string of a 5 string bass
Difference between equal temperament and just intonation
Controlling high frequency of heavily distorted guitar tone (metal)
Why Move to a 7-String Guitar?
Get time signatures to show up in a ChordNames context
So I *need* the music but I don&#39;t actually read it - how bad is it?
Can people really sight-read advanced pieces?
Tools to improve sight-reading of rhythms
Looking for a piano sight reading app that listens to your instrument
Is it possible to learn theory without sight reading?
How to teach the staff to a teenager?
guitar buzz or humming (grounding problem)
How to record a piano with high quality?
Locked Hands Passing Chords
Noise while not touching guitar strings or metal parts
Learning how to sight sing without prior singing
E string remains silent when playing fast legato from A string on violin
Villa-Lobos Etude No. 2 - Arpeggio part - how to play the consecutive bass strings
Duration of a quarter note with a 3 written beside it (on a synth display)?
Strategies for choosing chords for an arrangement
What&#39;s the theory behind using a B major chord in Bb major?
Why are key signatures like E# and B# necessary?
What does a preamplifier pedal do?
Building a Reference Room
How to sing better in a band situation?
How do you play two consecutive up bows?
Saxophone vs Trumpet: range, overtone series and intonation
Home recording: Preamp or Dynamic Mic?
Cheap Audio Interface for the Rode NT1
Guitar/Bass tablatures for underground metal bands
Software that allows playing in different temperaments
How to have one voice in multiple staves with lilypond?
Arranging a piece for full Orchestra
Can one tell by ear whether a bowed instrument is being played up or down?
How to use VST (virtual instruments) on a live gig
Can the fan fretted design on guitars acheive pythagorean intonation?
Lilypond generated with MuseScore does not fit the width of the page in XeTeX doc
Can I easily defret a normal guitar to play it as a fretless guitar, or do I need to alter it further?
What techniques can be used to get a bigger, more resonant orchestral bass drum sound?
Electric fretless bass guitar intonation
Is it normal to struggle through &quot;The Jazz Piano Book&quot; by Mark Levine?
Did baroque composers expect you to &quot;bring out&quot; the voices in their pieces, the way today&#39;s critics seem to enjoy in players?
What is the meter of this song
High pitched ringing noise on single coil pickups
Debussy&#39;s &#39;sneaky Tristan&#39; in his own performance of &#39;Golliwogg&#39;s Cakewalk&#39;?
Electric guitar vs classical guitar
List of average genre tempo (BPM) levels?
Is this old Soviet era guitar worth keeping?
How do I write good tablature?
Combine Rests in Finale
What does this b5 indication refer to?
how do I play this part in &#39;Peacherine rag&#39;?
How to play together online?
Ηοw can I generate larger than the default images of chord diagrams using Lilypond?
What key is the song &#39;Uptown Funk&#39; in?
What is a &quot;flat wrist&quot;?
How to name quarter tone chords
Instruments on their own tracks - music file and repositories?
How to know which chord shape to use for each root note in the scale?
Rocksmith 2014 as a learning tool
How to soften half-diminished IV in a minor key
Can&#39;t feel meter when playing
Problems tuning an old Egmond acoustic with floating bridge
What equipment can be used to measure sound equipment quality?
Forcing a slide between different chord shapes
What determines whether a chord progression makes sense?
How can I produce any melody on my guitar as effortlessly as I do with my voice?
How does one start learning music theory?
Is there a constant relation between a song notes and its chords progression?
Barre chords, how to avoid or simplify?
How to sync a wireless and wired speaker
X or Y guitarist doesn&#39;t know music theory - how true is this statement?
Piano: Finger substitution vs spreading hand for different intervals
How popular are vocal lifts with professional singers?
Preparing click tracks for songs with multiple tempos
Higher registers and lower registers of piano more difficult to play
Etymology of &quot;high&quot; and &quot;low&quot; notes
Is there a name for the technique where a singer uses the falsetto register on releasing a note?
How can I increase my vocal endurance and sing longer without getting hoarse and losing my voice?
How do pianos and keyboards differ?
I-IV-V blues progression
Will leaving the G string off an acoustic guitar for a few days hurt the guitar?
Guitar fretboard diagram generators
How to use diminished scale over I IV V changes in blues
“The Simpsons” main theme
How to learn to exchange hands&#39; roles on keyboard
Upgrading from 0.009 to 0.010 string gauge. Do I have to do a guitar setup?
Is it best to think of the notes or Scale degrees related to a tonic?
How to import samples to Korg iElectribe app for iOS
How does scale length affect my playing?
How to play chords from a tab where a capo is used
Curved windway of a recorder - what is the use for it?
lilypond: can I combine \autochange and \change Staff?
What can I do if I want to work the kick pedal on Bass Drum with my heel?
Do song lyrics need to be complicated and have hidden meaning?
Compare the similarity of flow and rhythm of 2 songs
Switching between ASIO4ALL ON/OFF without having to shut down browser
How is this B flat guitar chord physically possible?
Relation of the diminished chord to the circle of fifths?
1 ta te ta counting
Can you put a detuner on any string of a 5 string bass
Difference between equal temperament and just intonation
Controlling high frequency of heavily distorted guitar tone (metal)
Why Move to a 7-String Guitar?
Get time signatures to show up in a ChordNames context
So I *need* the music but I don&#39;t actually read it - how bad is it?
Can people really sight-read advanced pieces?
Tools to improve sight-reading of rhythms
Looking for a piano sight reading app that listens to your instrument
Is it possible to learn theory without sight reading?
How to teach the staff to a teenager?
guitar buzz or humming (grounding problem)
How to record a piano with high quality?
Locked Hands Passing Chords
Noise while not touching guitar strings or metal parts
Learning how to sight sing without prior singing
E string remains silent when playing fast legato from A string on violin
Villa-Lobos Etude No. 2 - Arpeggio part - how to play the consecutive bass strings
Duration of a quarter note with a 3 written beside it (on a synth display)?
Strategies for choosing chords for an arrangement
What&#39;s the theory behind using a B major chord in Bb major?
Why are key signatures like E# and B# necessary?
What does a preamplifier pedal do?
Building a Reference Room
How to sing better in a band situation?
How do you play two consecutive up bows?
Saxophone vs Trumpet: range, overtone series and intonation
Home recording: Preamp or Dynamic Mic?
Cheap Audio Interface for the Rode NT1
Guitar/Bass tablatures for underground metal bands
Software that allows playing in different temperaments
How to have one voice in multiple staves with lilypond?
Arranging a piece for full Orchestra
Can one tell by ear whether a bowed instrument is being played up or down?
How to use VST (virtual instruments) on a live gig
Can the fan fretted design on guitars acheive pythagorean intonation?
Lilypond generated with MuseScore does not fit the width of the page in XeTeX doc
Can I easily defret a normal guitar to play it as a fretless guitar, or do I need to alter it further?
What techniques can be used to get a bigger, more resonant orchestral bass drum sound?
Electric fretless bass guitar intonation
Is it normal to struggle through &quot;The Jazz Piano Book&quot; by Mark Levine?
Did baroque composers expect you to &quot;bring out&quot; the voices in their pieces, the way today&#39;s critics seem to enjoy in players?
What is the meter of this song
High pitched ringing noise on single coil pickups
Debussy&#39;s &#39;sneaky Tristan&#39; in his own performance of &#39;Golliwogg&#39;s Cakewalk&#39;?
Electric guitar vs classical guitar
List of average genre tempo (BPM) levels?
Is this old Soviet era guitar worth keeping?
How do I write good tablature?
Combine Rests in Finale
What does this b5 indication refer to?
how do I play this part in &#39;Peacherine rag&#39;?
How to play together online?
Ηοw can I generate larger than the default images of chord diagrams using Lilypond?
What key is the song &#39;Uptown Funk&#39; in?
What is a &quot;flat wrist&quot;?
With respect to right hand guitar technique, what does it mean to not scoop?
Do the violas often play the same parts as the violins in an orchestra?
How should I choose the key of my harmonica?
Are low key harmonicas harder to bend?
How to clean a marine band harmonica that cannot be unscrewed?
Are 2 or more octaves perfect consonant?
Guitar amp distorts after being cranked
How to avoid excessive saliva when playing the harmonica?
24 hole c tone harmonica
What is the difference between 10, 16 and 24 holes harmonica?
Can tremolo harmonica use diatonic harmonica tab?
How is counterpoint different from harmony?
Am I allowed to add a b9 to a maj7 chord in Jazz?
Can anyone learn to sing higher?
Small hand substitutions... any rules?
How does Guitar Pro work out fret numbers/strings?
Definition of minor key
How much time is needed to &quot;get back to shape&quot; after a long period of time without singing?
Do I play all the F&#39;s as sharp or just the one with the sharp in the space?
How to make C lydian not sound like G ionian?
B flat minor - the key of death.....seriously?
Optimal Right Hand Technique to Down Pick while playing Metallica
Is there a name for this phenomenon in the circle of fifths?
Should a violinist use hand strength exercisers? If so, what kind?
Virtual Piano black keys offset
Do accidentals in one staff apply to notes in other staffs?
V6-I6 and V-vi6 chord successions
Are accompanying instruments typically playing notes from the current &quot;main chord&quot;?
Is cold water bad for the throat?
Enquiry to Male Passaggio and Vocal production in classical music
Why are conductors required at orchestra performances?
Double Sharp Confusion
Which source for Scarlatti K208? Can I mix and match versions?
Does our hearing generate neural signals for harmonics?
How do you write an instrumental part for a choir?
What interval do all the modes have in common?
Does improvisation in the classical idiom differ significantly from jazz and folk improvisation?
Is there a proper way to train the ears?
Strongest notes in the major scale modes
Choosing the right harmonica to fit with guitar part transposed using an alternative tuning
Learning for entry level exam for music school
Valve and solid state guitar amp power comparisons?
What kind of a guitar can I play without thumbs?
How to obtain a Clean yet Distorted guitar sound?
Where can replacement parts be acquired for adams vibraphones?
Melody in Diminished Scale
Do triads sound strongest in second inversion?
Barre chords kill my thumb!
How to evaluate the quality of sound of a piano?
Does Chinese music avoid counting in 4s?
Instruments that challenge your ear
Learning to keep time
Chopin op. 28 no. 4 - bar 16 symbols
Book recommendations to understand theory and harmony of music. Classical, Jazz, R&amp;B everything :)
So, what does this tenuto mark mean in Bernstein&#39;s piano music?
What exactly is Bootleg in electronic music?
How should I tune my Norwegian-styled hardanger fiddle to play the tune called &#39;Fanitullen&#39;[&#39;The Devil&#39;s Tune&#39;]?
Improvising on the piano as a solo instrument: what octave range to cover?
What does this notation mean for the piano?
How to write music theory symbols in evernote?
I have Finale and I am having trouble
Why is Hendrix&#39;s tuning at Woodstock in between Eb and E?
Fret buzz when guitar is in certain positions
Is a high A in the key of D flat still flat?
What is transcribing music supposed to teach?
Finger Picking vs. using a Pick on Bass Guitar
Which other chords are considered equivalent or function like a V7?
Alesis SamplePad resets itself / possible ground loop?
replacing individual Midi drum instruments with MacBook &amp; Alesis DM Lite
Are tonal (sharp, flat and natural) key signatures octave specific?
Why does a Cm13 chord use A instead of A♭?
Reducing Neck Pickup Dissonance
Guitar bridge out of place?
Is it safe to use distortion or overdrive with an acoustic amp?
What is the Difference between Maple and Rosewood Fretboards
How many lessons are necessary to pick up the basics of violin with sufficient practice?
How can I learn to read bass clef score more naturally?
What was Randy Coven&#39;s gear
How to keep the tempo still stable?
Chest voice &amp; Head voice? Or Chest voice, Throat voice AND Head Voice?
How to practise, ear piano playing after years of sightreading only?
Which type of microphone is optimal to use for the singing piano player?
What type of microphone is suitable for cello together with a looper pedal?
Roman numeral notation for a suspended chord?
Fender Strat - parity between neck and middle pickups
In Bach&#39;s Prelude in A Minor, what chord is B D G# and what&#39;s its function?
How can I improve my piano accompaniments?
What is the impact of overlooking learning scales?
Where do I release the soft pedal in Ravel&#39;s Jeux d&#39;Eau?
Unstable lowest note on Yamaha YRS-302B
How do you build guitar &#39;muscle memory&#39; faster?
How can I make my voice sound like a breathy female?
Are there more than 2 Clefs?
What do the clavinova model numbers tell me?
How to compare clavinova models from different years?
What is the relationship between &quot;do re mi&quot; and note letter names?
Uses for augmented chords in composition
In Pythagorean tuning, what&#39;s the frequency of the tonic of each key?
What Does a Compressor Pedal Do?
Why do electric guitars have narrow necks?
Picking up violin again
Compound meter( 6/8) beat subdivisions?
How should tuba valve springs of different size be reassembled?
Damper pedal for Requiem for a Dream
At what point does one use fugue in the Gloria of the Mass Ordinary?
More dissonant chords/intervals in the bass clef when frequency proportions are the same?
Sharps vs Flats - Formula to determine correct sharp and flat notes in a scale
Major Seventh chord with root note as melody : why the dissonance?
Is there a preferred string gauge for different styles of music?
Colliding staccato marks and ties
What are the practical reasons for still having transposing instruments?
Is it orthodox to use the pedal when playing Bach on the piano?
How are fingerings on ornamented notes to be interpreted?
Why are double strokes (with the same hand) taboo on timpani but recommened on snare?
Do veneered tops on electric guitars really matter?
What is the purpose of this (?) rubber band?
Small clefs on score
Modes, Scales, Getting The Tonality/Color Of Said Modes, Etc
What is a chord with a diminished third called?
Double bass position for very high octave
Why is the &#39;&#39;backbeat&#39;&#39; called the &#39;&#39;rock beat&#39;&#39;?
Resources for learning to play the recorder
Acoustic Guitar | How to adjust the gap between the strings and the fret board
What guitar tunings allow many chords without fretting between &quot;live&quot; strings
Does using a capo put you out of tune?
How do you practice trills on piano?
Pay-to-Play Gigs
How to (re)gain relaxation and muscular control? Any excercises, methods?
How do I tune my violin when I cannot yet do it by ear?
Is it OK to replace a harp string with an adjacent string?
Why is the bass clef indicated twice on the same line in this Bartok piece?
What Software Can I use to Capture Midi and Transcribe as Real Notation?
Delay with your hands
Is it possible to play 2 wind instruments well?
Editing larger sound files in Kontakt 5
Naming convention for trumpet mouthpiece size
Why do Flugelhorns and Cornets have such dissimilar sounds?
What do we call music which is not played on the beat?
How would you finger this Cmaj9 chord?
How do I hit lower notes on my flute?
Using an 8 Ohm amplifier output with a 16 Ohm cabinet
What do these numbers at the start of the music score mean
Why are guitar strings numbered this way and not the other way around?
Polymeter vs Polyrhythm
Middle Eastern percussion MIDI files
How to recreate a sound on a synth
How to judge a mix, on e.g. muddiness and balance?
circles and other gestures not really keeping time
Is there a particular word, name, classification or designation that differentiates &quot;Slavic Sung&quot; Vibrato?
How to learn about mixing and mastering with Samplitude?
Why would a teacher ban the metronome altogether?
Arpeggio vs. Acciaccatura
Are there any resources to self-learn the bass guitar for those who already know theory?
Traktor audio 6 recognizes only one deck when pluging into my mac pro, what should i do?
Is there more than one right way to tongue?
How do I learn to play the flute with vibrato?
Variation of Chopin&#39;s Mazurka Op. 68 no. 4 in F minor
Does anyone have any tips on how to do pseudo modulation?
&quot;Ut&quot; and &quot;La&quot; notation on horn and cornet instruments in orchestral score?
How to interpret this ASCII tab?
C major 6th chord and A minor 7th chord: same notes but different quality, why?
Is there a canonical piano grading system?
Is there a difference between 2/4 and 4/4
Self learning path for Guitar
Can a chord contain both the C and C♯ notes? (as opposed to containing C and D♭ notes)
Should I fix my piano or buy a digital one?
How much does an electric guitar&#39;s body physics affect the tone, playability, etc?
How does the performance of &quot;rubato&quot; differ in the classical and romantic styles?
Keyboard + laptop or synthesizer?
Separate MIDI Drumtrack to edit each part individually
Tips for how to stay calm before a concert
Plugins for creating MIDI Notes in Ableton Live
How to change tempo of grid in Cubase without affectig MIDI?
Guide-lines for creating a simple chord-progression?
What is this &#39;tone&#39; of voice called?
What does it mean to clap back the rhythm? (Grade 6 Piano Aural)
What are the practical advantages of keyboards with non-weighted keys vs. weighted hammer action?
Exact pitch of blues scale notes
Black stains on my fingertips after playing a new guitar
Why is it common to write tuba sheet music in concert pitch?
How to play a G-chord?
Can I daisy chain two mixers together to create more input channels (a sub mixer)?
What does &quot;gajo&quot; mean as a musical directive on sheet music
How to get a good distortion sound on Guitar Rig
Is it important to have three pedals on a digital piano?
How to decide what kind of truss rod wrench to buy?
How to fix jitter in Piano Marvel 2.0?
How to cope with a fickle flute?
Is there any accompaniment software for a USB midi keyboard?
Looking at the fretboard is ruining my stage presence
What should I practice before getting into the chords
Where is a natural harmonic for the note C on guitar?
Right hand wrist &amp; forearm soreness
Piano blues - What is being played on this guys left hand
Is it normal for most people to play root or inverted chords?
Bill Frisell&#39;s Blues Dream
Record with Focusrite Scarlett 6i6 and non-asio applications
What do you call the melodic pattern with 3 notes?
Is there a way, in Lilypond, to eliminate the instrument name from a staff from outside of the staff context?
Why are the Goldberg Variations considered a demanding work?
Sound spectrum to notes software
Application of different fingering pattern exercises to improvisation on the guitar
How do I get touch tracks working in Logic Pro X?
Is there any midi software that can display in real-time the notes I play next to the &quot;real&quot; score?
12 String Guitars - Some Information?
harmonic and melodic minor chord function
How do you write successive, non-functional chord progressions?
How to record MIDI automatically?
how are Yamaha PSR-s650 and DGX-650 different in terms of performance features?
What greater possibilities allows playing late from the conductor
When to use a2 / unis / tutti in orchestral score?
How are intervals defined and measured?
How to accurately intonate a 3 saddle telecaster?
How much dynamics, tempo fluctuation is acceptable in Baroque music on piano? How to achieve expressivity?
Chord Melody vs Chord Solo: Are these terms interchangeable?
Sampler Track Resets In Logic Pro X
What are the best methods to study violin positions?
How do I troubleshoot guitar speakers?
Can someone explain to me how to get my guitar pickup to work on speakers?
What is this technique in cinematic music called?
Time Signature Count
In Lilypond, how to abstract multiple tags into a variable or function?
How does instrumentation change the personality of a piece?
How much practicing time per week is enough to progress with piano for beginner?
Word for part of a beat
We got together with another guitarist. What can we play together?
4 part harmony chords
Tutorials or advice on layering synths
How can I reproduce the choppy synth in &quot;Come on Home&quot; by Franz Ferdinand?
How robustly can I treat my tremolo?
grade 1 piano exam 2015/16
How can I tell if my microphone is broken?
Why can&#39;t I tune my Floyd Rose Tremelo?
Is there more than one use for Roman Numerals in music notation?
How to play a lot of keyboard parts of a song at the same time live?
How do I play this correctly in key or without?
On a guitar, what keys correspond to different capo postions?
Learning Violin Online
Music arrangement for EDM
7/6 no 3 or 13 no 3, 9, 11; which chord name is more correct (if any)?
Fifths of #9 chords
How do I lower the action on my Floyd Rose guitar bridge?
Can&#39;t cut sound recordings in Cubase 5
Classical examples of a &#39;fifth voice&#39; or &#39;ghost soprano&#39;
The optimal order of songs to perform during the exam
What instrument is inexpensive and can be self-taught?
Is &quot;pattern-based&quot; playing specific to instruments or tradition?
How can I get a song tabbed?
Is there a &quot;standard&quot; or &quot;typical&quot; drum kit layout?
John Bonham&#39;s bass drum technique
Teaching yourself piano as a support instrument only?
Amp with 90 degree phase shift
Is it possible to play all melody songs on 10 hole diatonic harmonica?
What type of bass strings produces a very warm and mellow sound?
Why is the guitar tuned like it is?
What are some qualities to consider when purchasing a cello?
Why do we call the Hendrix chord 7#9 instead of 7b10?
Scale length with incorrect bridge position
What is the minimum break angle for strings on a guitar?
How can I get the vocals to stand out better in the mix when recording?
Difference between &quot;hi&quot; and &quot;low&quot; on amps?
Is there such thing as a piano-like keyboard with all whole tones between two adjacent white keys?
How to make a bass growl?
Voiceleading and piano
Minor major seventh flat five chords: do they exist, and if so, how should they be used?
Music notation for guitar
Circle of fourths in Jazz
What are the differences between tone, note and pitch?
What are the trade offs between using a pick and fingerstyle for guitar?
Vintage vs Modern Saxophone Mouthpieces
Creating a Risset glissando with Chuck - How do I get rid of the &quot;click&quot;
What is the best way to learn Alzapua?
What is the name of the &quot;clip&quot; for guitars
Accidentals in First Species Counterpoint
1st Species Counterpoint Tritone Reached Melodically by Step
What is the difference between upstrokes and downstrokes while strumming a guitar?
Are the formulae for Minor scale and Major scales related?
Where can I find Drum Scores / Sheet Music?
How can I learn to sing and play an instrument (like Piano) at the same time?
Where can I go to learn how to fix my guitar?
How to make Electric guitar sound like a saxophone
I want to learn to play a specific song on the piano
How to get experience as a young conductor?
Can acceptable trills be played on an old M1 with unweighted synth action?
Bach: How is this mordent to be realized? Why do people play it like a trill?
Congregational involvement in Protestant and Catholic services during the time of Luther
How can I make a note repeat endlessly when I hold down a key in Garageband?
Virtual MIDI Keyboard - get the output
Is there a common name for the major II chord found in minor key progressions?
Singing: holding on to the morning low notes
How do I train myself to sing pure vowels?
what is causing this buzzing sound on my A string
Spectrum analyzer on electric guitar
Does a phrase ending in V7/V - V end in an authentic cadence or a half cadence?
What is the difference between portamento and glissando?
What is a good solo to learn in the Dorian mode?
Accompanying notes to higher key
Is there guided recording of classical music?
Do I need piano lessons?
What does it mean when I see a chord named Em7/5+
If A minor doesn&#39;t have any accidentals, is it still minor?
Feeling like a hair stuck in my throat - could it be a &quot;singing injury&quot;?
What does the indication 9 7 mean?
Why does the dominant chord contain a flattened 7th?
I&#39;m trying to understand the key of a song that uses chords out of the scale
Score analysis: Minuet in G Minor BWV Anh 115
Simple chord progression question
Can a chord be both major and minor?
If I am playing lead in G scale, does it mean that I must start with a G note and end with a G note?
Chord Progressions Including Majors That Should Be Minors
Banjolele: retune GDAE -&gt; GCEA
My guitar sounds off tune
Guitar Banjo used as G-banjo
Hanon and Self-Taught Bad Technique
Is Hanon&#39;s &quot;Virtuoso Pianist&quot; good for self-taught musician?
How to get rocktron talk box to sound like peter frampton?
The teaching of scales, chords and keys
Why does the IV - V# - I chord progression work so well?
12 to 6 strings on a 12 string guitar?
Switch to Clarinet or Saxophone, which one is easier for an oboist?
Where do the musical note names come from in the chromatic scale?
Which keyboard works - beside Bach&#39;s - are part of the study curriculum *and* regularly performed in public?
What kind of effects make this Korn sound?
Can someone learn practicing piano with a MIDI keyboard?
What is the difference between a xylophone, a glockenspiel, marimba, a xylorimba and a marimbaphone?
Correct way of writing this bend in ASCII tab notation
Why do I yawn while singing?
How loudly should one sing while warming up?
Alternate keyboard input methods for a digital touchscreen piano?
What notes to sing with chords
What are the characteristic intervals or scales of 13-limit harmony and beyond?
Is there a name for this type ascending inversions of a repeated chord?
When should I use a boost pedal in a performance?
Marimba Bars on a Vibraphone Frame
How does one read very loud or very soft dynamic markings (e.g. ffff, ppp)?
What are the types of strings for an acoustic guitar, and which one is more appropriate for a beginner?
Does 3/4 time signature differ from 6/8?
How does one remember epic song lyrics?
What key could the progression Cm - G - Dm - Am be in?
Performance practice of baroque triplets
Just intonation with Fluidsynth
BPM marking doesn&#39;t check out or am I just reading it wrong?
Why does Fux use F# in his counterpoint to a firmus written in G mixolydian
Create a track that loops and can end quickly
Are whole and half note rests supposed to only be written on specific lines?
Me and the grand staff: how to achieve pacific coexistence
How to create an mp3 file that is shorter than 1 second?
How can I connect my CDJ / DJM 2000 Nexus with Traktor?
What do dots on the tempo&#39;s equal sign mean?
Speed picking on electric guitar
How much time are you supposed to spend on a piece approximately at your difficulty level?
&quot;best&quot; chord name for a min♭6
Exercising fingerstyle bass technique
David Brubeck&#39;s &quot;Take Five&quot; in 4/4 Time
Im6 chord in a minor II-V-I
Neck is bowed and truss rod cannot be tightened further
Major Blues Scale over I-IV-V progression
How to train recognizing chords by ear ?
Is the sound of a semi-hollowbody guitar significantly different from that of an equivalent solid body?
Audio jack has fallen inside the body of semi-acoustic guitar, how to get it out and reattach it?
Is it normal to have a guitar&#39;s single coil neck pickup louder than the bridge humbucker?
Is there software for computer assisted drum lessons with MIDI input?
Is this progression considered to be in A mixolydian?
Is it learned or innate our reaction of happiness or sadness in music?
How can you get a Country and Western sound with just a guitar and vocal?
Is there a name for a piece of music that wanders about in tempo?
Is it acceptable to change tempo in the middle of a song or is this a bad idea?
Why are we told to hold keys down while tuning?
What does this indication mean?
What are some good suggestions for a bass player&#39;s plucking fingers?
Country music elements
Is there a formula/theory for writing country licks/riffs?
Do music students find practice journals useful?
How can you find the key of a song by ear?
What is it called when a music has two concurrent tempos
Reinforcing an acoustic guitar&#39;s bridge
Jazz piano versus classical piano
Does the type of wood on a solid body electric guitar affect its tone or sound?
Ways to use quartal chords
Preparing for my first jazz gig
What&#39;s the difference between &quot;modal music&quot; and &quot;tonal music&quot;?
Chorus pedal, before or after the distortion?
How to tell if an electric guitar has good quality
Choose a sound card to work in real time
How do you check or correct the FOH sound engineer?
Are electric guitar types associated with certain music genre?
Can the Yamaha YDP-V240 be made to sound like the Casio AP650 with the lid open?
Confusion about major and minor second intervals
Equivalent Key Signatures
How the time signature affects how to play a melody
Methodology to Master Guitar as an adult
Distortion pedals similar to Boss&#39;s DS-1
Blues Scale Notes - major 6th?
Why do harmonics played on guitar sound lower as you move to higher frets while fretted notes sound higher?
How can I improve my piano sight reading?
Ways to warm up vocal cords?
Electric guitar effects and amplification
Where to go for basic help with college prep for a career in Music Therapy?
TS vs TRS cables to connect mixer to audio interface
Essential things to memorize in music theory
Is this a dissonance? What causes it?
How does a pipe organist deal with latency or delay?
Syncing audio recording with video recording
When does audio latency matter and not matter?
Why would expectations of students vary largely between instruments?
Do vintage guitars really sound better with age? Or is this perception affected by selection bias?
Diminished progression
Historical origins of 8-count bars in dance vs 4-count bars in music
Multieffects Pedal to USB Recording Device
Were the Goldbergs meant to be played in one go?
How to elaborate a good practice routine?
How to differentiate between a diminished fifth and an augmented fourth interval?
Augmented chords and chord substitution?
What is the quality of the Ryoji Matsuoka M30 Classical Guitar
What is the correct way to play the two ornaments in BWV 541?
What&#39;s the difference in sound between different wood grades?
Jazz guitar vocabulary
Which Piano Course is Best for Me (trained musician but beginner at piano)?
Diatonic Function of Accidentals in Counterpoint
What happened to the orchestral scores of Johann Strauss?
Electronic music beats: Sample or Synthesis?
How to play an accompaniment with a midi keyboard on Linux?
Saxophone for beginner -- which one (small hands)?
Do you need long fingers to play alto saxophone?
Clefs for saxophone playing
Different modes of pentatonic scale
Compare these two sheets of music(piano)?
How to identify the guitar chords of a song
Is my mandolin broken?
Piano sustains when pedal not pressed
Could a microphone preamp with transformer sound differently from the transformer-less preamp?
Is 7 string guitar a must have for lower tunings?
Figuring the Classical Fingering from Sheet Music
lilypond engraving lyrics to small part with voices
Bass guitar fret buzz: should I care?
Understanding music with multiple key changes within chord progressions
What did ancient cuneiform notation look like, and how did it work?
Can I use nylon with steel string guitar?
Mozart K545, what is the correct fingering for the left-hand runs starting measure 50?
Playing chords in electric guitar with extra-jumbo frets
How do I become a better electronic music producer?
VSTHost: How to configure &quot;wave devices&quot; without latency/delay problems?
Will I be able to overcome from having spring like movement of my pinky finger while playing guitar?
Associating chords with scales
Why is my bass making a buzzing noise?
How to tune a guitar/bass without a tuner?
Name of guy who teachs famous training technique for beginner drummers
What do I need to record my electric guitar with my computer while using headphones?
How do I get out of my song writing rut and compose something new and fresh for a change?
Use only - 3 strings on six string guitar - which ones would you use and how would you tune them?
playing softly - full grand piano
Is there a name for &quot;slapping&quot; a hammond organ?
Whining noise from one piano key
How can I record on my keyboard?
How do I use my computer as an amp and effects processor
When should I use a direct input box vs. plugging in directly?
Is making things over-complicated a common mistake for new songwriters?
If you add an E to a Bm chord, what do you have?
What does a major-7 chord resolve/lead to?
Are there alternatives to developing calluses when learning guitar?
Why are four-chord songs (I-V-vi-IV) so prevalent?
What is a perfect fifth?
What are the benefits of practicing standing up (guitar)?
Tips and tools to help transcribing a bass line in tablature
Playing with a pick with less pick-sound
Garageband 10 pitch correction
What&#39;s the name of the phenomenon in which upon hearing same sound repeatedly, one begins to hear a rhythm?
Music Producing and Making a Cover
How is he hiding his pick?
How does Gdim7 fit in C# minor?
What makes the 4/4 back-beat rhythm of rock-n-roll so compelling?
Is there a term for a chord progression that chromatically ascends or descends an octave?
So I want to start playing again. But not right now, in a while. Some pieces and advice?
Is there a name for a chord which combines the major and minor thirds of the root?
How is scale knowledge typically tested in music schools/colleges?
Logic Pro 9 EVB3 Tonewheel Organ - Classic Organ Dry - House Bass preset values
How to improve the process of transcribing my music into notation?
What does it mean to be tone-deaf musically and how does one improve?
How to make songs with chords that don&#39;t belong in a scale?
Is there a resource/site that I can use to practice harmonization?
How to efficiently play two consecutive notes on the same fret?
Is there a way to force Serato Scratch Live to create unique copies of all songs placed in a crate?
How the multiple analog synthesizer voices work together?
What exactly does practising scales teach?
How do I become better at &quot;playing outside&quot;?
Why do some arrangements of notes make a good melody and some don&#39;t?
Is there a word can I use to express the fact that a piece of music has no notes in?
How to be fluent in music writing
Appreciating the music of J. S. Bach
I am a singer who has problems with tempo
Why do modern popular songs composed on piano sound different than songs composed on guitar?
How can i improve my intonation on violin?
What&#39;s the correct notation for a full bar note or rest in non-common time?
What distinguishes Rock-n-roll from Rhythm-n-Blues?
What harmonic spectrum is produced by oscillator sync?
What do multiple notes on top of each other in a staff mean?
Automatic &quot;regular&quot; chords (not arpeggios) in FL Studio
What does this notation mean?
Changing from bass to saxophone
Loosen strings for long-term storage of violin?
How to determine the name of a chord from knowing the notes I am playing?
Nutcracker theme in Shostakovich&#39;s 5th symphony?
When practicing on my instrument - which is more important - quantity or quality?
How to practice piano more efficiently and effectively?
MIDI controller keyboard or home keyboard/digital organ for starting playing piano?
How do I make drums sound satisfying in a room without soundproofing?
Glossary of Guitar Effects
Finding the Shadaj (tonic) in Hindustani Sangeet (North Indian Classical Music)
Why do quartal progressions typically not utilize common tones?
Tablature vs. standard music notation? (guitar)
Learning to play guitar songs using on-line tabs - how to get strum patterns?
How does speaker design affect audible sound?
How can I improve my sense of time?
What are the levels of scale mastery (or, how do I know if I&#39;ve mastered a scale)?
Need help with electronic music complexity
How to turn any song into a Bachata song?
How to translate rock guitar style to keyboards?
Traveling or moving neck bow
What is the Hanson system used for?
Harmonic stop on cello without fingers
Why picking direction indicators in music?
Sharps at the start of a score
Why does plucked and bowed string of violin produces slightly different pitches?
Using a Capo to transpose from Eb to G
Do musicians that began playing from an early age have an incontestable advantage?
Is there a highest note representable on sheet music without using an octave higher notation?
Using the Dorian Mode
(1/√π)/√⅔ as a time signature?
Learning to play bass guitar: Fretless vs Fretted
Piano Accidentals and Key Signatures
I want to learn 24 hole tremolo harmonica. I can&#39;t find anyone to teach this in person. What should I do?
How do you read Graphic Scores?
Where should I put delay pedal, before reverb or after?
Are there any benefits of using a Capo?
Do I need to use a guitar capo for this song?
Guitar Strumming and the High E string
How to find popular and relevant songs from different decades?
7 sharps on a piano music sheet
What is B II, followed by a dashed line, and what does it mean?
Using keyboard/MIDI controller to learn piano
Using Fruity Loops to create Pop Music
Best strings for heavy metal (I love distortion)?
How to minimize the pain for a beginning guitar student so they won’t give up before they develop callouses?
Is there a term for learned &quot;perfect&quot; pitch?
What is a good software that allows on-the-fly looping?
Lilypond staffs extend past end of music
What is a good solo to learn in the major scale?
Why do many songs in major keys use a bVII in the chord progression?
How to hear yourself better at the rehearsal studio?
Microphone pick up patterns for live performance - advantages/disadvantages of cardioid, supercardioid or hypercardioid?
Is it OK to keep guitars in a glass or plywood rack?
Boiling/washing used guitar/bass strings - is it worthwhile?
Progression path from an apprentice to a guru in music theory?
What are the different ways to hold drumsticks and what are the pros and cons of each?
What is the most effective way to clean the rosin off the strings?
Is learning an instrument online a bad idea?
Did they ever make a double bass this huge?
How to play these overly extended intervals on piano?
What is the usage of &quot;Zooming Out&quot; in showing an amplitude envelope
Is there a correct way to sing without belting or projecting?
Music Notation - Little notes
Triggering a sequence on Mainstage and on a Analog Rytm with a Beatstep controller
Purpose of double-sharps and double-flats?
Cleaning a tarnished flute
How do I write notation for multiple voicings?
Collective word for sharps and flats in the key signature
How can I keep my amp from buzzing?
Rules of how the bass should (and should not) move in chord progressions
Statistical Average range for a Male singer
Sheet music equivalent of ellipses/etcetera
Why do I wear out the frets on my guitar faster than most other folks? Do I need a lighter touch?
What does it mean for a sound to be &quot;dirty&quot;?
Algorithms for music composition
How can I overcome the fear of performing in front of an audience?
What key is correct when guitars are half step down?
Flat symbol in key signature and bar
Rest above a note in a piano piece
How to correctly classify different guitar tunings?
What is the difference between &quot;Solo&quot; and &quot;Improvisation&quot;?
Can chords found in parallel modes of the relative minor of a key (or relative major when in a minor key) be considered borrowed chords?
What usally follows an Augmented major seventh chord
Can you directly start to learn the alto flute without beginning by the C-flute?
Practice amp for a flute/piccolo
Can you start playing piccolo without playing the flute?
Building complex chords from Complex figured bass
Octave changes on 2nd time
Is there piano notation for finger sustained notes (as opposed to pedal sustain)?
What is the best way to develop a theoretical approach to practical harmony for guitar?
How important is harmony theory?
Guitar notes: rest vs tie
How common is the complete circle of fifths progression?
DAW Synthesizer that allows you to start with a sample instead of a recorded wavetable sample
Fingernails and vibrato
Releasing MIDI key causes a sound - using Ableton Live - how to avoid that?
Is it possible to learn Flamenco guitar on a steel-string guitar?  Will it sound right?
Playing non-Western scales on the Oud
How much of classical Arabic maqam music is improvised?
Must one be born with a sense of rhythm to learn to play a drum set with both feet and both hands?
Why do standard modern pianos have 88 keys?
transposing instruments: How to learn to play standard sheet-music?
What does the tie across other different notes mean?
What is this cross staff tied/slurred note supposed to be?
Does an implied tie exist
Do accidentals apply to other staffs of the same type?
When to use a dot or a tie in music notation?
What is Dot &amp; Tie in Drumming sheet?
Notating 6 (or more) triplets with a single beam?
How should 3 notes joined with 1 beam line drawn on 5-staff-line?
How to remotely listen to acoustic piano accompanist, so they can record a track with no voice, but at my tempo?
Can I use a Line6 Spider combo amp as a cabinet?
modulating by a tritone
What is meant by a &quot;release&quot;?
I don&#39;t like my &quot;head voice&quot;, is there anything I can do?
Logic Pro X and Ivory II American Concert D No Sound
Is there any easy technique or guide to remember chord conversion?
Transposing Second Waltz (Shostakovich) for Bb clarinet?
Scraping my index finger on frets
Causes of sharp pain in a fretting finger after playing guitar or bass?
Do non-tonic ear training exercises hurt music students?
Palatino student clarinet compared to a Allora Vienna intermediate one?
How high from the ground should the keyboard from a piano be?
Band-in-a-Box type software for Linux
Where can I go to play an acoustic piano regularly?
Traditional Grip Finger Technique
Wrist problems when using the first fret
Why is the diminished scale &#39;artificial&#39;?
Can I switch from the keyboard to the piano?
Really silent guitar practice
Which advanced chords can I use for a song composition in scale of G?
Major and minor scales
Which fingering to use when playing the same piano key twice in a row?
How do I play Do Re Mi Fa etc using just one string?
How to mic an upright piano to record singing and playing?
Difference between minor and major pentatonic scale boxes?
Why is the lowest note on the piano an A?
Why are there twelve notes in an octave?
PA System: What type of speaker for that &quot;punchy&quot; bass?
Why Seven Principal Tones?
What is the optimal proportion between the teacher time (lesson) and self dependent work?
How do you find the best teacher?
Music notation software for JianPu and erhu notation
How to approach the study of a piece for guitar (Leo Brouwer, Estudios Sencillos no. 6)
Is there a MIDI music notation program (e.g. Finale) that automatically detects rhythm?
What are modes and how are they useful?
Octaves in counterpoint
What is the importance of vocal vibrato?
How to differentiate between 12/8 vs 6/8 timing (or hemiola)
Do I have a problem in my ring finger?
Analyzing a Jazzy ending
What tonal differences are there between 1 x 12 and 2 x 12 cabinets?
How many sound interface inputs do I need to record drums?
Learning Guitar Licks
proper uses of minor seventh chords
Will learning to play another instrument help me to become a better guitarist?
What is the difference between splicing and superimposition?
Which instrument can a person play with 2 malformed fingers on each hand?
What is good software for learning how to sight-read?
Microphone positioning to record acoustic guitar &amp; singing with a single mic?
How do I find chords to go with my melody in music I write
How to press several piano keys with one hand simultaneously?
How to use a 61-keys digital piano?
Does it make sense to do exam grades as an adult learner?
What are the legal issues of posting a cover version online?
Can I use a pedal for Casio CTK-1200 keyboard?
Fuzzy top A on saxophone
Taking up piano exams
How much difference does the guitar make when recording with a modeler?
How to not to break string of guitar while tuning?
How to Tune a 10-hole Harmonica?
Is there a name for the screeching sound made when changing chords on a guitar?
What is the purpose of two staff lines?
Connecting guitar to Amplitube
Is there a name for this sort of ambiguity with respect to the rhythm of a piece, and/or is this a recognized technique in composition?
In a song in G major the sound F appears and sounds good. Is there a name for such a phenomenon?
Is there a name for this: text syncopates otherwise unsyncopated vocal music?
Is there a name or common usage of this piano damper pedal effect? 
How does one analyze tricky time shifts?
What is the proper name of the dash symbol over a note and how to play it
How did the notes of the Western musical scale get their letter names?
I have some lyrics with a melody and a chord progression. How do I go about adding music to it?
How many hours of practice total are typical for different piano grades?
What is the proper way to notate the end of a section played &quot;sul ponticello&quot;?
What kind of converter do I need to go from a Yamaha-p105 &#39;USB to Host&#39; to standard MIDI?
iOS app that recognises intervals
What would happen if I played two or more notes on a monophonic modular analog synthesizer?
How to set up multiple tracks recording in Magix music maker
Best method to learn all chords on piano
Fender guitar preamp
Microphone sound not detected on Casio CDP-230R
Are there any good vocal training apps for ios?
Should I rest the bass drum beater on the skin or in air when playing a drum kit?
What does this note - B# - mean?
What are the differences between an American and Mexican Fender Stratocaster?
Expand Bass Guitar Playing Beyond Root Notes
Will learning guitar tabs help me improve at learning other tabs/playing melodies?
How can a shy singer get feedback?
I am a beginner piano player, have no idea how to emphasize a downbeat
How does your brain learn to play the piano two-handed?
Switching from piano to harpsichord
Why did composers write atonally?
Numbers above notes
Adult learning to play popular songs on piano
Is there a DAW for iPad with support for tempo and measure changes within a project?
Problem determining vocal range
Playing Pizzicato on an Electric Bass Guitar
What is a typical volume range for a singer?
Looper app for iPad?
What&#39;s the Italian musical term for &quot;in minuet steps&quot;?
How can I slice and modulate samples in Logic like Ableton&#39;s Slice To Midi feature?
bass technique for 4th and 7th jumps
What&#39;s the concert pitch for Saint Petersburg Philharmonic?
Augmented 5th on B double sharp?
Octave shift context
Meaning of diamond-shape notes on guitar staff
Beating &#39;Blank Page Syndrome&#39; and Projecting Intent
In a classic 12-bar-blues pattern, what are the changes for a &quot;chunka-chunka&quot; rhythm?
Transposing on a guitar
How can I get a violin sound from my electric guitar?
What are some effective ways to use a key change during a song?
Are there any nice ways to play B diminished chord (B triad from C Major scale) on standard tuned guitar?
How to learn rap music?
How to use padKontrol with Ableton Live?
Why does this note sound like it is not played?
Resources for singing
Is this a Csus4 chord?
Is there a computer program to transcribe songs to sheet music?
Proper symbol for this chord (1 5 7 9 11)?
What does a triangle mean in chord notation?
What is the right way to look after a concert flute after playing it?
How exactly the exact symbols (C C# D D# E F F# G G# A A# B) of 12 tone equal temperament with octave (2x) and perfect fifth (3/2) found?
How does one sing with vibrato?
Composing in Phrygian mode
Guitar rig: the switch from beginner to intermediate
Notation for flute trills in music score
How do C1, C2, C3 relate to C and CSus4 on guitar?
Can a breath controller be used with a keyboard?
Will my wind instrument be damaged if I leave it assembled?
Where on earth do I begin?
Why shouldn&#39;t I put electric guitar strings on my acoustic guitar?
What is a Neapolitan 6th?
How to easily build chords on fl studio
Will it negatively influence the sound of my acoustic guitar if I put stickers on it?
Minor 11 chord - request for note by note example, and theoretic explanation
What is the cheapest hardware synthesizer, or where are schematics for DIY?
Is it better to memorise each scale, or just memorise the patterns?
Guitar scales further up the fret board.
Notations mentioned in answers re. trombone
Alternative ways to classify Instruments
F# Minor and F# harmonic Minor are same?
Every time I press &#39;record&#39; I forget how to play and sing!
Why is a note sometimes a 4th and sometimes an 11th?
What does a small x-like symbol before a note mean?
leaps: small vs. large (learning counterpoint)
How can I get through some difficult runs in a piece otherwise at my level?
Is there a word for a type of song about a &#39;thing&#39;?
Learning the piano strictly by learning chords...and saving scales and complex fingerings for later...
What to look for in a bass amp for extended range bass guitars?
Any way to improve musical memory?
What ukulele chords would go well in a song with a C-F-G7-C progression?
Chromatic accordion: how can the left hand slide down while pushing?
Analog Delay, guitar pedals, time measurement
I want to record but am nervous about it, why, how to get ready?
Piano question (walk-ups and downs)
Do I need an effects loop in a bass amp?
Why do guitar chords never sound harsh to me?
Beatles - Because: Chord progression
Melody within a chord progression
How can I significantly improve my hand independence on piano?
The origin of &quot;Battle Ends And Down Goes Charles&#39; Father&quot;
Can piano be self learned?
Is a Cm7 chord considered minor or dominant?
How loud is an alto recorder
Trying to get that tube sound from a gainclone amp
Should I look at the fretboard while I play guitar?
What are the different ways in which musical instruments are grouped together?
I love with Ableton Live as a composition tool (session views). But I can only use Logic Pro X for studio mixes. What can I do?
Is it possible to plug one guitar into two amps?
Is it possible to create a professional music with Fl Studio?
Question about reading music sheets
Why does B work as a bass note against F7 in Bb?
Do different minor chords (vi, ii, etc) convey different nuances?
Is the following non-standard fingering for an A shaped barre chord still technically sound?
Do bass notes basically just accent and/or add notes to the above harmony?
Ending a song with a dominant chord
When did keyboard partitions start to use the G-clef for the upper staff ?
Guitar less resonant than when new; humidity problem?
What does the &quot;o&quot; notation signify?
Is it possible to do tempo changes while practicing with metronome?
How to sync original bpm of an mp3 file to the bpm of my drum module?
What is the &#39;+&#39; symbol mean in a chord?
Why are the chords C-E-G and G-C-E both considered C Maj?
Trumpet low C♯ and D
How to avoid audio clicks when automating the bypass paremeter in the tremolo plug-in in Logic?
Should ossia stave barlines connect to main stave?
Are doubly augmented and doubly diminished intervals practical?
In simple terms, how would you describe Rhythm and Melody
Acoustic and classical guitars, which is which?
Should a new guitarist practice on 1 instrument or vary it?
What is &quot;groove&quot;?
How can I get the instrumentals for a song?
Is it mandatory as an electric guitarist to get obsessed with kit?
My electric guitar gets noisy when I bend over
Why do retailers mark songs as &quot;explicit&quot; when they clearly are not?
What are the Reggae Chords
I&#39;m a bass and I need to know what a Russian bass vocal range is
Can it be wrong to use a series resistor in a 2x12 cabinet to have matching impedances?
How to find an analysis of a classical piece in the internet
How can one restore a very old guitar?
What do I need to start playing violin amplified?
What&#39;s the difference in sound, between an acoustic guitar with a soundhole magnetic pickup and an electric guitar?
Tips on identifying intervals by ear?
Simple looper pedal that can switch between at least 4 (layered) samples
Can amplifying input port break sound card?
Do we find music arranged according to Western Music Theory pleasing because of &quot;biological instinct&quot; or because of what we learn?
Can I map half my midi controller keyboard to one octave and the other half to a different octave?
How important is string-muting when playing the bass?
Writing SATB arrangements so that the bass voice is still audible
Are counterpoint and harmony mutually exclusive?
Why is the complete circle of fifth progression more common in minor than major?
Do notes from non-natural minor scales fit well in the associated major key?
What is this musical symbol (inverted &quot;Z&quot; inside a staff)
How can I learn to play vibraphone like Gary Burton?
MIDI: How do I refer to (and search for) software that will play audio from a MIDI piano?
How to play different beats on different hands? Drumset
Absolute Beginner wants to play Jazz Piano
Sound-to-color synesthesia - a good and helpful thing?
What is the importance of tempo and time-signatures?
How to achieve jazzier improvisation?
MIDI controller and software integration
Piano getting out of tune and noisy after 6 weeks
Proper organ glissando technique?
Are the accidentals counted as a single note or double notes?
Modulating between minor keys
Can you use a Marshall single channel footswitch with a MG102FX 4-channel amp?
Which one to teach first: solfege or absolute notation?
Cheap acoustic guitars versus more expensive models: Which materials and/or construction elements have the biggest impact on sound quality?
Need help understanding tab for ukulele. Does anyone know any good on-line resources?
Alternative Analysis for Non-Functioning Secondary Dominants
What are some interesting ways notes and chords are spelled in cultures outside of the U.S.?
What are &quot;Es&quot;, &quot;As&quot;, etc. chords?
How can I develop mastery of polyrhythms in playing guitar?
What exactly does &quot;feat.&quot; mean?
How does one describe the level of playing that is neither piano nor forte?
Why is the back of a double bass&#39;s body cut in the middle?
What frequencies should the violin and viola be tuned to?
Skype lesson - voice and instrument into Skype
How to bind two different samples one on my pad and the other onto keyboard keys
M-Audio Oxygen v4 49 Disconnection Problem
Audio interference in recording
What physical effects cause ageing/worn guitar strings to change their tone?
What might make for &quot;ambient&quot; or &quot;atmospheric&quot; classical music?
How should I write a 2nd interval between two voices?
Groovy piano/rhodes tunes
Guitar Notation E-Gt
What&#39;s the correct technique for strumming a guitar?
What are some good/interesting ways to exit a circle of fifths section?
To which notes do dynamics notation apply? (eg. pp)
Does &#39;just&#39; or &#39;well&#39; temperament center around the key of a given piece, or is it key-agnostic?
Is keytar playable with both hands?
Trill in Chopin Nocturne
How can I get a less directional sound from a loudspeaker?
Writing Arrangements
Happy, oriental minor songs
Two sounds speak in a same time, how can I set it back?
What kind of string should I use for my Folk Guitar?
What food / drink affects vocal characteristics?
I&#39;m tonedeaf. If I sing to my baby, will I damage his/her musical ear?
#iv dim leading to I (tonic)
Guitar intonation issue - still flat but screw as far as it&#39;ll go
Ways to get out of a scalar rut?
How long should each chord in a chord progression be played?
Can I widen the grooves on my guitar&#39;s nut myself?
Is our ability to learn music related to our ability to learn languages?
How can I stop my electric guitar strings from rusting so quickly?
Why is the tonic chord of a key formed with the 1,3 and 5 notes of the key but the major chords in that key are the I IV and V?
What defines a Tango?
Methods in Singing Synthesis
Do pianos really need to rest before tuning, after being moved?
chord progression if the chords are not part of the scale?
Use of Music Theory in Composition
Acoustic guitar as solo guitar in a band
The melody+chords pattern in perspective
How to play a piece &quot;cantabile&quot;?
Why did composers of the Baroque sometimes write two of the same dance in a suite?
Practical limitations of the 4 mallet technique for idiophones from a compositional point of view
Can you really teach how to play notes on the flute?
Short scale guitar tuning to A
How can you assign a single track to multiple outputs on Cubase 5?
Vocal free-time song: legato question, and slur (&quot;portamento&quot; vs &quot;glissando&quot;) specific case
Harmonizing a melody for 4 voices... help?
I am looking for sampling software for the keyring 49?
Parallel octaves vs doubled octaves
Website that displays chords on a keyboard
Is there a way to keep my guitar/bass cable from becoming unplugged when I move?
Alternate tunings on a 12 string guitar
How difficult is to get basic melody out of Theremin?
Is it important to add a noise gate/suppressor to a pedalboard chain?
Books on orchestration specializing in dynamics?
What&#39;s the term for speaking fast in a verse
Will different gauges resolve my sound/distortion problem?
Where to upload (keyboard) transcriptions?
Why “delta” chords?
What can I do to minimize damage to my picking hand wrist as I practice guitar?
I can hardly memorize piano notes
Is there some way to quantify melodic transitions?
Are Music Grades somewhat standardised around the World?
Is it possible to move patches around on the microKorg?
What&#39;s the name of the &quot;dual voice&quot; effect in hip hop music?
How do I learn proper breathing when teaching myself the flute?
How does a flutist maintain a grip on the flute when the stops are open?
Playing flute High notes: role of lip position and one&#39;s mood
Blowing Low Notes on the Transverse Flute
How to prepare for an audition when chops are tired?
AMEB Grade 4 Theory question - harmonising cadence points in a melody?
What does a goniometer (sound) show?
Does a person have a biological lower and upper limit with the tone one can achieve with his/her voice?
Why does music increase abstract reasoning ability?
Does good intonation alone really make you &quot;louder&quot;? If yes, why?
Violin E string
What is it called when singers very rapidly change pitch while singing the same syllable of text?
Akai APC Mini Compatibility with FL Studio
6th string root dominant 7th barre chord voicing
What does &quot;rhythmically&quot; mean on sheet music?
Open strings and semitones on a classical guitar
What is the standard location of piano pedals?
Why do guitar teachers and lesson books teach playing a G Major chord without using your pinky?
How can different compositions use C Major?
Why do composers use seemingly/unecessarily complex time signatures?
DIY pedal board without a hinged lid
Connecting Maschine to Synth
How to transition between chord progressions of two songs in different keys?
Four dots over tremolo minim (half note with slash)
What does it mean when one says that rock and jazz have strong beats on the even numbered beats?
What do the numerator and denominator of a chord name in roman numerals mean?
What do dotted stave lines mean?
What is the process to get from learning an instrument to playing a song you actually want to play
What do these beamed half notes mean?
What is the proper humidity range for an acoustic guitar?
How is electric guitar played without cables?
Which is more economical for a casual/learning player - real piano or electronic?
Why do the Canadian and American ways of writing chords symbols differ?
Put a cup of water inside a piano?
Why is an amplifier&#39;s effects loop useful?
How close to a radiator is too close?
Processing Vocals/Layers of Vocals
What does the 3 above the staff represent?
Soft pedal modified to act as practice pedal
Best method to learn to play barre chords?
POD X3 Live with M-Audio Oxygen V4
Vocal fach and passaggio
Room-wide humidity buffering
Why are notes on the harmonica laid out the way they are?
How often should I replace the strings on my guitar?
How do you identify a good acoustic guitar?
What does &quot;NC&quot; mean?
What does &quot;I Solisti Veneti&quot; mean?
What does &quot;1 x Tacet&quot; mean?
What does &quot;Open Vamp&quot; mean?
What does &quot;Doubletime feel&quot; mean?
What is &quot;Phrasing&quot; in the context of playing a Solo?
What to look for when buying a digital piano for a beginner?
Replacing steel strings with nylon strings
Non-diatonic chord?
What are these small numbers, and squiggly lines on this guitar sheet music
Acoustic guitar strings change by time and should i change them?
What staff affected by a dynamic mark?
What gives a piece of music its personality and feeling?
How do archaic instruments affect contemporary music?
Improving as a solo guitarist without learning scales
Logic Pro X - Recording From Multiple Controllers
Do the &#39;natural&#39; chords to use in a key change if you use a different mode?
Why can some people play music well who don&#39;t &quot;know music&quot;?
When looking at tablature for guitar how do you figure out what chords to use?
Software for trying out 19-TET (and others)
Multiple sets of notes on sheet music
One of the tuning pegs is at the end of its range on my Floyd-Rose guitar, what can I do?
Arthritis In Hands (Playing With Pain In Hands) - Are There Recommended Approaches?
Can one become a concert pianist if they start learning at the age of 10?
What is actually involved in moving a piano?
What&#39;s music? A question about &#39;foundations&#39;
For fingerstyle guitar, is anchoring your pinky on the guitar bad?
How do you practice Audiation (playing music in your head)?
Raised leading tones in Phrygian mode counterpoint
Best way to indicate a time signature in inline text?
Meaning of &quot;Battuta&quot; in Counterpoint
Voice-crossing in First Species Counterpoint
Can&#39;t differentiate between time signatures
How to avoid the &quot;clogged throat&quot; feeling when singing?
How cold is too cold to move a piano?
Clarinet extension in Wagner&#39;s Tannhauser
Clean Amp + Distortion pedal vs Distortion from amp?
How to get started recording music with Reaper?
Learning Appropriate Finger Picking Styles with Alternating Tunings
Strap button screw length for acoustic guitar
Queuing up and outputting MIDI files
How to tell if an old piano can be restored?
How much higher will I realistically be able to sing with daily practice and dedication?
How to improve piano accompaniment for singing
Making a solar system piece out of Holst&#39;s &quot;The Planets&quot;
Does Singing Lower Notes Require More Breath?
How to programmatically generate Parsons code from a sound file?
Can a song in one key contain major chords that are not in the key? Or does that change the key?
Trying to understand a nice harmonic end
What is the definition of &#39;playing in the pocket&#39;?
Finale software: How can I add a measure within a numbered repeat ending?
Simplifying a complex melody in Finale
What is a Musician?
What is it called to take a scale but start on a different degree?
C major being dramatic like C minor
How can I learn timing from a guitar tab?
Quality Loss when recording with amp simulators
Why does my tone knob seem to act as an on/off switch and what should I do about it?
What approach should I take to learn Jazz/blues guitar?
Can blues be upbeat and cheerful?
How to achieve a good tone with a small guitar amplifier
What is the meaning of &quot;4/2 ₵ II?&quot;
Numbers under a note
How is the mordent played in the given piece from Petzold
Entrance of the Queen of Sheba- in need of clarication on sheet music
Is music really infinite?
the fingering intended by the composer
Is playing blindfold a good practice method?
What methods are there to determine when a violin string should be replaced?
Is stomping on the soft pedal of an upright piano bad for the piano?
Examples of musicians expressing in words how they comprehend music
What are some ways to improve my embouchure stamina besides regular practice?
Low B keeps going out of tune
Is singing a matter of talent or practice?
Bored when playing instrument
Is there a name for a minor scale with a raised 3rd or a major scale with a lowered 6th and 7th?
why major chords only have 1-3-5 notes why not other notes?
Modulation in the violin solo Bach&#39;s Laudamus Te
How to play faster songs on the violin?
Meaning of marking &quot;armonici&quot;
How do I teach a five-year-old violin?
Extended melodic structures
Logic Pro X Movie Sound
Practice amount and habits for time constrained individuals
Dear Mr. Fantasy by Traffic, drum section in the first verse
How can I connect speakers to my POD 2.0 and get a good sound?
Are there reliable free/cheap software tools which will transcribe a sung melody/lyric?
Practice logging software
Is there a Relative Pitch Clef?
Can I use a tablet for looping?
Is there some software tool that analyzes audio to produce pitch information?
Audio level on recording a piano
Audio mixers versus computer software
What are the Solf&#232;ge names of the semitones between the basic do, re, mi, etc?
How do you do accidentals (eg. E♭) in solf&#232;ge (Do Re Mi)?
Which enharmonic to use when writing down a sequence of chords
What are the various ways of vocalizing rhythmic figures?
What are the characteristics of a Sarabande?
&quot;Folk size&quot; guitar: equivalent to 000 body type?
What are the parts of a classical composition?
How to start playing by ear/improvising?
How do I write music down from a recording?
How do I learn to &quot;play&quot; FL studio by ear?
Alesis DM10 (2011) with Logic Pro x
What are the specific progressive steps to take in basic ear training?
Chronic hand pain and stiffness and guitar playing
What&#39;s the meaning of the phrase &quot;an eighth note at quarter&quot;
Systematic ways to study the piano?
High notes from guitar amplifier hurt my ears, even at low volume
Will Playing a Guitar Through a Bass Set-Up Damage the Amplifier and/or Speaker?
key changing in a song?
How should I understand time signature?
What actually changes in related scales?
Is it necessary to tune a guitar to some standard pitch?
Why should I alternate fingers in this piece?
Composition - How to connect musical periods
Melodic Minor - Uses
What exactly is the point of the Melodic Minor Scale?
Multichannel recordings with computer
How can the ukulele D7 chord have different fingerings with different sounds?
Do any musicians release the original separate tracks for remixing/remastering?
How to choose drum pitches?
Deciding how to articulate Baroque semiquavers
Different note head uses in MuseScore?
How to improvise over a C#, B, A chord progression?
Ensuring one&#39;s sweep picking is uniform in dynamics?
What are the disadvantages of buying a short-scale bass guitar
How do you play a glissando with two notes?
How do you draw a quarter rest with a pen/pencil?
Any quick way to know if my tune is already used?
How can I retain a tempo so as to keep in time when playing with a group?
What does the arc under fingerings mean?
How do you properly define diminished 9th, 11th and 13th chords?
Which tone names should I learn on a transposing instrument like a saxophone?
Protecting signed acoustic guitar?
Is there a way to let me switch delay before/after distortion without needing additional pedals?
Are there rules that determine whether a chord belongs to a particular key?
How should range on the flute grow as I learn?
&#39;Cello mute: how to store on strings w/o altering sound?
iii9 - I progression in Bach?
Is there such a thing as an Add#9 chord?
Can a 7/8 scale guitar be detrimental to my playing ability?
Why is dropped D tuning used so often?
Get segno to appear above chord-names in lilypond
How to start self learning to play guitar?
soprano getting worse and worse
Which exam board should we use? (UK)
What defines pop music as a genre? Which patterns and trends can we find in pop music?
How to play bass part in Yann Tiersen&#39;s &quot;Comptine d&#39;ete no. 2&quot;?
Single reed mouthpieces: How do Facing Lengths, Tip Openings, and Chamber Sizes affect playing?
Singing seated on the floor: Best position?
Is guitar action affected by tuning?
Can you introduce fugue themes in the middle of a measure? If so, how?
When we talk about an 88/76/etc Key piano, does that include all keys or just white notes?
Blackout during practicing oboe
Opposite of rinforzando?
How not to touch neighbouring strings?
I don&#39;t like my voice
What does &quot;in position&quot; mean when referring to scored music?
Why isn&#39;t D the &quot;most central&quot; note?
Chord Roles/Reputations
What is the terminology for how we identify numbered notes like C4, E3, D6, etc?
DS or DC al coda how to tell go to 3 and 4 verses
What&#39;s dance music and what&#39;s the difference from electronic music?
How to extend and strengthen low end of vocal range? (I need about a whole tone extra.)
No sound output in LMMS
Question about analyzing a Dm C A# chord progression
File formats for sheet music
Transcribing a Standard MIDI File to sheet music
What makes a song a &quot;rock&quot; song?
Why is it so hard to count beats and play at the same time?
Debussy: Reflets dans l&#39;eau: Rhythm Ambiguity
Digital Pianos vs Old Upright Pianos for classical music
How do I play notes in a scale/key freely up and down the neck without getting caught in boxes and shapes?
Software that slows down music to help in transcribing
How to learn the piano, if I can already play the piano accordion?
Guitar tuning problems
Will a portable electronic keyboard sound better if connected to MIDI software?
Why is a C7 chord named a dominant seventh chord?
Could someone help me understand a little about sound/tone? Beginner/intermediate guidance perhaps
61 keys +better piano sound or 76 keys + relatively low piano sound
When is a piece in A minor versus C major?
How important are chord inversions as an intermediate guitar player and what are their applications?
Simple, easy software for recording over yourself
Moving to guitar from piano
How is a chord progression with G#, D#m, F and G possible?
Time signature change.
Why do snare drums sound better on up beats?
Pedals, pedalboards and velcro
How does a tab guitar player learn sheet music?
Change staff height in Musescore
Bass trombone maintenance
Is the particular skill of singing the melody correctly necessary to be able to play the trumpet?
Are canons easier to write than fugues?
Once I know the chords, how do I recognize the chord progression?
Why does bowed string instrument size matter?
Are certain instruments &quot;arpeggio friendly&quot;?
How to know if my guitar&#39;s neck is bent or not?
How to Write A Fugue
What&#39;s this thing attached to trumpet?
problem with guitar intro on ELPs &quot;From the Beginning&quot;
Is my digital piano suitable for learning to play?
Proper warm-up before playing piano for little finger and ring finger?
Atypical tetrads
V chord becoming 7th? minor key
What&#39;s a buffer pedal and how to use it?
What is the relationship between the melody line and the rhythm chords?
What keys contain both E and Am, and is there an easy trick to determine this?
How do I transition smoothly going up or down while singing without strain or breaking? Is mixed-voice the key? How do I work on it?
Beginner books for music appreciation for music-theory illiterate adult
Using flatted third in 12 bar blues
What are good ways to pick MIDI instruments that go together?
How to get better sound through multi-effects processors
How to test all three piano pedals
How much pedal should be used in practice?
What is the difference between Overdrive and Distortion?
Is True Bypass better than Buffered Bypass? Is it possible to be neither?
How can you use the BYPASS output on a BOSS TU-3 Tuner Pedal?
What guitar effects pedals are important to get according to genre?
Why is a reliced guitar often more expensive than a corresponding normal model?
How many types of modulation are there?
What are some useful and effective exercises for training absolute pitch?
Beethoven sonata no 8
Rachmaninoff Piano Concerto 2 without piano
How necessary is an USB Audio Interface?
Music sheet notation explanation (Alto sax)
Difference between squire teles
How I am I supposed to &quot;Properly&quot; follow through to the next string while playing the electric bass guitar?
Is there any difference between these two note values?
Nylon strings for alternative tunings on hollowbody electric
Program that converts MIDI files to sheet music with notes written in
What does an arc mean above the notes in a piano sheet music? How do I play it?
Varying shuffle rhythm in recording with Reason
Would it be worth buying better pickups for a cheap bass guitar?
How do I notate multiple musical voices on one staff in Sibelius?
Adjust left / right angle of guitar neck?
String skip in tablature
What&#39;s the difference between the &quot;smooth&quot; strings and the &quot;rough&quot; strings?
Open D5 tuning for guitars
Bracketed phrases in numbered notation
Beamed note with unfilled heads — What is this?
Meaning of &quot;actual notes&quot; above staff
Pinky And Ring Finger Independence And Dexterity
Can anyone recommend a good resource of baroque cello etudes or exercises?
How realistic is to earn for living from music, assuming Bachelor or Master degree?
How do I determine the chord progression Roman numerals?
Will having an opposite gender vocal trainer affect or slow down one&#39;s learning?
How far “off” can a piano unison be and still be considered “in-tune”?
Lifting off vs keeping fingers on the fretboard after striking a note
What improvisational techniques were employed by Thelonious Monk and Charlie Parker that defined bebop?
What is the best way to learn to sing harmony?
Playing cello, should my left hand thumb clamps the neck like pliers do?
troubles with shifting
Breaking In New Cello Strings?
Good jazz pianists to transcribe for a beginner
Is it acceptable to play the same note simultaneously on different strings on cello?
Electric Guitar: is a good practice or bad habit that I tap the strings with my picking hand when there is a rest
How to read these notes
Why are notes named the way they are?
Does each note have a more specific name depending on its pitch?
How to calculate the difference in cents between a note and an arbitrary frequency?
Songs to play with notes of a major seventh
How can I toughen up my fingertips?
Exercises For Conditioning a Broken Hand
Note Flag instead of Beam
Mixed Voice - The illusive resonance. Any real ways to actually find this (again..)?
Notating Original Songs for Musicians
Comparison between different exam boards
&quot;Correct&quot; notation for a minor chord?
Minimum specs required for a laptop to run Ableton Live for live performance?
Mathematics of Ritardando
Lack of sustain on guitar
What is this jazz scale?
How to know if it&#39;s a mode or scale?
Score transcription community
Vertical wall mount / Holding a guitar by the neck
Ranges in the Real Vocal Book
The Elements of the Oratorio
Why does this progression sound good, even if it not resolve to the root?
Detecting absolute pitch by ear
How the body vibration on a semi-hollowbody guitar affect the sound through the pickups?
16/16 vs 8/8 (accents)
Why do baroque operas tend to have postmodernist stage designs?
What&#39;s the earliest known piece of polyphonic music?
What is the percentage breakdown of different time signatures and their rate of occurrence in popular music?
Edge Zero II tremolo not parallel to the guitar body
Who is the successor of Schnittke?
How to create fast runs (i.e. speedy notes)?
Are there any software to build and 3D simulate an entire audio visual live show?
Electric Guitar: when playing seated, is it a bad habit that the neck is not locked at a fixed position?
2 x Mono vs 1 x Stereo Quality
How can I keep learning new songs and not forget the previous ones?
Setting up a &quot;hot mic&quot; for a softer vocal sound
Is &#39;Gianni Schicchi&#39; the shortest well-known opera ever written?
How can I figure out the key of the song I&#39;m writing on the guitar?
Composing a piece using the idea of Dual Modality
How to Write A Ragtime Piano Piece?
How does string gauge affect intonation?
Does the line between the time signature have a name?
Keyboard and Voice: What is the keyboard playing?
Can you learn how to drum with the game Rockband 3 and e-drums?
What are the most effective ear training methods ?
Requesting useful suggestions on ear training, for developing perfect RELATIVE pitch
What is the &quot;unresolvable chord&quot;?
Instrument grade exams
Will a 61-key keyboard severely restrict my piano repertoire?
Why does looking at the keys make me unable to play a piece?
Learning a guitar tab: separating bass line from melody
How much work do DJ&#39;s do?
What are &quot;full size&quot; piano keys?
Does a note/key/string struck on one piano cause the same note on another piano to resonate?
What does it *mean* to be a good guitarist
Suggestions for switching from piano to electronic keyboard?
How reliable are keyboards and electric pianos?
Bass and treble clef brass parts
How to determine the key and write melodies for a chromatic chord progression?
Is &quot;harpvox&quot; an existing musical instrument?
Chord symbols for inversions of 7th chords
What is this voice used by female singers in Bulgarian folk music?
What is this bass belt strap?
Skills for writing your own songs
Are there any rules of thumb for shifting the key signature within a tone net?
How much is too much damage?
How to buy the &quot;right&quot; power attenuator for a tube amplifier?
Fretless rosewood fingerboard care
How can I ensure each instrument and vocals are audible during band rehearsal?
How to control unintentional, natural vibrato in singing?
Right hand accuracy
Need to know Accidentals details in piano music sheet
Why does the following chord progression sound good?
What is this type of vocals called?
If between E and F is a halftone, why can F not be an E#
Playing keyboard at a wedding
Chords Built On Different Scales
Does there exist a singer&#39;s muzzle or silencer?
What&#39;s a good Android app for tuning a brass instrument
The difference between self-taught and professional pianists
Simple, step-by-step excercises for those who wants to learn to play sheet music?
How can I get my guitar to &quot;the next level&quot; from intermediate to ok
Is Nigel Kennedy&#39;s version of Hungarian Dance No. 5 any good?
Timing issues with audio interface
What is this vocal style called, and how can I learn it?
Chord naming conventions: add2 versus add9
How can I be sure that I am singing effortlessly in my natural voice?
Position of white dots in guitar fretboard
Do hollow body guitars really sound more &quot;mellow?&quot;
Intonation problems with a low b string
Left hand thumb position for ukulele
Removing stuck screws from woodwind instruments
Why is the reverb effect so much more pronounced on headphones?
Do I have a grounding issue?
Music in your head
What exactly constitutes a PhD in music?
How can I increase the accuracy of my playing?
Chords in Moonlight Sonata 1st movement
Do ear plugs have a big effect on ability to hear the music?
Strength of clarinet plastic reeds compared to wooden
How to create four-part harmonies?
How does a DI box work together with guitar?
Are adult male sopranos / trebles counter tenors?
Are short fingers detrimental to becoming a pianist?
Music Store Etiquette
Electric guitar tone control fault
What are some techniques to control feedback in a musical setting?
How do you strum an upstroke without striking an unwanted string?
I can&#39;t edit marker text in Logic Pro X
Is there software to copy existing music sheet?
Tuning a guitar in D# with digital tuner in iso440
What is the flash midi player used by musipedia?
How can I get decent audio from a clip on 3.5mm microphone?
Musical factors when picking a good school to go to.
Left hand position for high fretting (electric guitar)
Improving bass transcription skill
Is there a pickup for Melodica?
Cheaper Rehearsals - Regular Practicing
What&#39;s the use of transparent plastic double bass strings?
How to identify a particular song or piece?
Harmony analysis program
Putting a steel string on a classical guitar? (classical guitar with truss rods)
Songs that resolve late
Weird open string sound
How should I go about learning the oud?
What does it mean that a Stratocaster is vintage?
Can bass chord notes be different octaves after playing the root?
Why is bass note so important in harmonic analysis of music?
Is there any real-world difference between time signatures such as 4/4 and 8/8?
How can you tell if the singer is in pitch?
What would I need to get percussive sounds out of my acoustic guitar?
What are the benefits of practicing scales for a guitar player?
D string buzzes when I play a chord, but not when I play the string alone
How loud is a concert flute?
How to use delay with distortion/overdrive and/or a crunchy amp?
Yamaha 300 series v. Aulos 500 series
How can I learn more chords
What to call finger positions on fretless bass?
How to tell the time signature of a song by listening?
Are minor scales meant to be in sharp or flat keys?
Feeling of keyboard keys: spring (or elastic) against balanced keys keyboard
What are the characteristics of a signal from a typical electric guitar?
Advice on Bass Pedal
How to convert notes to finger position on a guitar?
Can&#39;t seem to find a good tutorial on theory for guitar players
What playing techniques are sensitive to &quot;jamming fingers&quot;
Guitar recommendation for beginner with practice information
Headset balancing sound
Does technicality detract from feeling?
How can this simple bass line be categorized in chords or scales?
Singing software
Proper technique for screaming vocal style
Looking for notation software with good playback
Help with interpreting notation in Chopin&#39;s nocturne op. 9 no. 2
New Jackson Rhoads RRXMG control knob confusion
What is the connection between time-signature, beat, and tempo?
How do I convert music to a mathematical formula?
Vocal Resonance and the Acoustic Chamber
What&#39;s the difference between &quot;feat&quot;, &quot;artist1 X artist 2&quot;, &quot;artist1 Vs. artist2&quot; and &quot;artist1 &amp; artist 2&quot;?
Explanation of Phrasing, Accidentals, articulation, modulation for a piano player
Co-wrote song in previous band, can you use it in a new band
Pop filters and dealing with plosives in live performance
Is it possible to differentiate Major scale and Minor scale by ear?
What does a circle before/between notes mean?
Learning piano via MIDI keyboard... questions
What is the theory behind scales?
Using my keyboard overseas
Why learn scales? What are they for?
Music in the 1990s
Balance between pressure and fullness in singing
How to read lyrics and music without getting lost?
Is there a good Guitar Chord building web site?
Finger hitting multiple keys
Removing human voice from songs
What is urgency when referring to music
Portable power supply for keyboards
How to sing &quot;like a girl&quot; for men?
How much is my Qs7 64 key alesis worth?
Sheet Notation for Am piano
In jazz, what is an upper structure triad?
Can I use a separate pre-amp in my combo amp&#39;s effects loop?
Why does playing the piano give me a pain in the neck?
How to remove reverb from a recording of a voice?
Tonnetz algorithms
Lead sheets vs score at vocal auditions: Changing standards?
Alternate picking while palm muting
Why is the recorder a good instrument to start with?
Three Days Grace guitar distortion tone
Advice on how to gain velocity feeling on DAW keyboard (piano)
Which roman numeral should I use for F# diminished chord in the key F Major?
Complete Classical Guitar Course-Guide?
Which app they used here?
Is it OK to play guitar with capo on 5th fret, since I have arthritis in thumb &amp; finger joints?
How to interpret this chord notation?
Limits of Fortissimo and Pianissimo
How low can a normal 6 string guitar be tuned?
How to remove vocals from a song?
Color Based Music Notation
Difference between the string section and wind section
Which guitar amp input to use with a preamp/effects processor?
What is the minimum amount of equipment a drummer needs to play gigs?
What does the &quot;+&quot; symbol mean in a keyboard piece when attached to a note?
How to begin learning the CAGED Method
What pedals to get this effect?
When to use inversions in harmonizing a bass line
What gives the sitar its characteristic sound?
Is falsetto a serious type of singing style for a man?
Chord progression notation
When should falsetto be used for a male voice?
Resources for &quot;popular&quot; counterpoint?
What does it mean to be able to write a fugue?
Tuning a tuning fork?
How to make your chord progression sound smoother?
Why is the whammy bar sometimes called a &quot;Tremolo&quot; arm?
Sound proofing underneath the drumset
How to use chords notations in the tab?
Odd symbol in B&#233;la Bart&#243;k&#39;s Mikrokosmos Book 1
Is there a more specific name for this instrument than &quot;PVC instrument&quot;?
Bartok - Mikrokosmos - Book 1 - 10 &quot;With alternate hands&quot;: Thumb on a black key?
Is i-V a stronger progression than I-V?
Learning an alternative moving-do solfege -- futile?
What is a session musician?
What is this electrical thing in my piano?
Are music covers and the sheet music of their arrangements legal on YouTube?
Can Guitar pro 6 read files from a link?
Music Theory: Frequencies related to playing a note on guitar
Does a diminished first exist?
Cajon as Alternative to Drum Set?
What are the different rhythm styles? Is that the right word?
How to differentiate between head voice and falsetto?
How to expand falsetto range?
How does one set up a guitar amplifier to produce a rock sound/feel?
How do you sync a Roland Boss RC 300 Loop Station to external rhythm sources?
Rhythms notes for didgeridoo
How to specify global markup font-size or other property in Lilypond
Tuning electric guitar: should I connect it to amplifier when tuning?
What causes us to hear harmonics?
Keyboard volume pedals
Why are the natural notes on the staff special?
Diatonic scales
What&#39;s modded in guitar effects?
When tuning a guitar, should you always end with tightening the string rather than loosening it?
Basics of stage presence for guitarists
How do you identify a good amplifier?
Are there any practical differences between Humbuckers and Mini Humbuckers?
Guitar beginner
What should i turn on/off first? turntables, mixer, headphones, audio interface
Performance practice of Viennese Waltz
Fretless bass buzz
Right hand position for mandolin
Simple explanation of counterpoint?
Electric guitar grounding
How to breathe properly?
How do i get a Zacky Vengeance sound on my electric guitar?
Ethno and folk music of the german region (excluding bavaria)
Composing melody for recorder
Is it ever too late to learn guitar?
Preventing headphone cord from tangling while drumming
What could be the key of this chord progression?
how do you play a double mortent on the piano
How do many keyboard players sound different in each song?
How to decode this CSV from a MIDI file?
Do different synthesizers produce the exact same sawtooth (and square, etc) waveform?
Connecting several speakers to an amplifier - multi room sound
Setting twelve string guitar for country blues
start with lyrics or harmony?
Why do tube-based guitar amplifiers sound so good?
Basic effects for bass
Practice advice: Struggling with alternative left hand and off beat right hand melody
How does fusion guitar playing work?
Working out strums per second given beats per minute - using guitar tabs
Remembering the Chords
How to relax my wrists?
Clicking noise in digital piano should i return it?
Why is music for strings more likely to be in keys with sharps?
Why do notes have multiple names?
How to order VST plugins correctly
How do I get the bar lines in successive staves to align?
Remote Performance Workflow
Live Vocal Effects because I don&#39;t like my voice
Strap button repair
Knowing when your throat is open
Do all chords in a progression usually fit within a scale
What are the various methods of tuning the guitar?
What are the parts of a modern song?
Novation launchPad S + Yamaha P105 - How do they connect
Is there a standard notation for piano fingering?
Will learning trumpet damage my single reed embouchure?
Buzz in the G string
Help identifying an harmonic progression
Why does my thumb hurt when I play bar chords?
What are some of the things that influence a player&#39;s &quot;tone&quot;?
Where should my thumb be gripping when playing A shape barre-chords?
soloing over I-IV-V blues progression (E-A-B)
Trouble keeping time to a beat
Can I use a sound reinforcement (PA) amp with guitar cabinets?
Legato right hand technique
Diminished chord with one raised note
Are kevlar straps on bass drum pedals reliable?
1/4 to 1/8 jack problem
Do musicians count the meter all the time?
What melodies can be played on the first 5 notes of the major scale?
What are some resources/techniques that will help me understand how to create synth sounds?
Why do I need to learn counterpoint if I know harmony?
Becoming a good guitar teacher
Are there guitar/pickup/effect setups for &quot;ganged&quot; distortion?
Unwanted distortion from a guitar transducer
i-bVII-bVI-V Progression
Most common jazz theory method book
How to make ASIO work with multiple programs: how can I listen to Guitar Rig plus something else through the same interface?
Getting back into music after a long hiatus
Is &quot;You shouldn&#39;t play all 6 strings together on an electric guitar&quot; good teaching?
Development of electric guitar - why not put a mic in front of a acoustic guitar?
Difference between Baritone and Euphonium
Why is greensleeves considered to be in sextuple meter?
Bass-guitar online exercises for not-beginner
Switching from a short-scale bass to a &#39;normal&#39; one - Tips please?
How to hold a bass guitar while playing
Bass fret board position knowledge
Is it ok to release a demo EP with average quality on Spotify?
Playing a Melody While Singing
New set of strings on (bass) guitar with no adjustable intonation
Comparing MIDI recordings with real/electric piano notes via microphone
Acoustic recording quality - mic or audio interface
Is today&#39;s (popular) music recorded or synthesized?
Recording practice jams with a cell phone: reduce input clipping
Learning pick and finger-picking at the same time?
Is Emajor the dominant chord in A minor?
How to identify the duration of notes that I hear (In my head or on records)
How to play barre chords high up on the neck
When learning a song on guitar by ear, how do you find the chord placements?
Acoustic guitar with pickup vs. semi-acoustic guitar
How to insert lyrics in TuxGuitar?
How do I know when it&#39;s time to change a tube on my amplifier?
Pattern Identification: Rit. followed by a tempo
What&#39;s the term for the intervals between notes within a scale that produces a chord
Double Sharps And Double Flats
Restringing a 7 string bass: Considerations
Are minor sevenths allowed in baroque counterpoint?
Equal Interval Usage
What are horogram patterns and how do they relate to time signatures?
Tuning hierarchy for orchestras
How to start piano composition?
Correct exercise for Piano techniques
What does this tablature notation mean?
Chord compatibility or something else?
Changing compound intervals into simple intervals to simplify a piano arrangement
How to give voice into a chord progression?
What is a simple way to determine the notes in a scale?
Is there any scale that contains eight different notes?
What to call the chord G B F# A C# F#
Keeping fingers close to frets when playing barre chords
Can the interference of a power drill damage a guitar&#39;s pickups?
How often should I use my guitar humidifier?
What is an atonal mode?
Why do the notes of a blues scale sound good with the I, IV, and V chords?
Memorizing a random sequence of complex chords
What&#39;s the difference between overtones and harmonics?
How to adapt guitar playing style to a new genre
What is a good freeware MIDI editor for minor changes running on Windows?
Record Label Instrumentals
Why were sound effects like the gunshot included in the General MIDI (GM) standard?
Good books for romantic/contemporary period performance?
Double stopping pizzicato on the violin
Fingers Too Short for Barre Chords?
Guitar - How to play two-string mini-barre chords?
Pentatonic Scales Question
How to sing major minor and seventh chord in a song?
What does circled letters mean over sheet music?
Why are 1/2 (or 3/4, etc) violins called that way if they are not 1/2 size?
I&#39;m a musical novice. Can I start my child off on piano?
How are sharps and flats written in the nashville numbering system?
What is the rhythmic notation for 5/8 the duration of a whole note?
How do you achieve this bass heavy effect?
Resource of musical phrases good for practicing transcriptions?
Valiha maintenance
Musically Interesting Guitar Exercises
How to establish a mode?
How to stop vocal fry?
Is it okay to remove the cork from a trumpet&#39;s mute?
Any heads-up tips for recording bass guitars?
Do 1/2 size violins sound at normal pitch?
What are the key points for holding effective auditions?
Tell the difference between a natural and a sharp/flat tone?
Voice leading confusion
Detect piano notes and chords
Why do some artists tune their guitars half a step or whole step down?
Can any guitar be tuned in Drop D
Must &quot;first-time bars&quot; and &quot;second-time bars&quot; appear together?
Finding motivation learning guitar without a band
What&#39;s so special about minor and major scales?
International notation system
Is it legal to sample a karaoke version of a song?
Research and studies in Melody
Really light electric guitar strings and the blues
What kind of chord progressions am I using?
Help for electro-acoustic pickup? (Element Active System)
What does a DI box do?
Coated Strings—Gimmick, or worth the money?
Do chord changes affect the key of a song or do all chords in a song belong in the same key?
String bending on an acoustic?
Is there a tradeoff between vocal flexibility and safety?
Extend measure so it occupies whole line
D major in a C major Chord progression?
How to calculate the resulting frequency of two tones played together?
What kind of a mic should a beginner voice artist look for?
If Irish button accordions are typically B/C how and why are they often played in D or G?
Making all elements clearly audible in the mix
Best option to practice piano whilst away from home?
What is the difference between a mode and a scale?
Struggle improvising guitar with other musicians / band / jam session
Approaches to free improvisation
What is a good way to learn to sing?
How many outputs needed for live performance when using MIDI controllers?
What kind of bandoneon or concertina is appropriate for playing tango music?
Soft note marking
Is there a name for the dotted eighth - sixteenth rhythm pattern?
Identifying Vocal Harmonies
Creamy vs Crunchy Distortion
Why do I sing a lot better post intense workout?
Is it reasonable to try picking up the tin whistle quickly?
How to memorize a long, seemingly random, sequence of two notes at a time?
What are &quot;sweeping phrases&quot;?
How to play same note legato?
Where to start when learning legato?
What exactly are complex sounds in terms of audio waves?
What is a parallel seventh?
Techniques for &quot;Dynamics&quot; with Distortion on Electric Guitar
What is Voice Leading?
Ηow can I replicate the sound οf this instrument?
Do I need a pop filter when I&#39;m recording guitars?
Altering the sound of a guitar to match a sitar
Syncing Cubase with External Sequencer
Tips for increasing loudness while mastering in Ableton Live
Why are melodies typically played or sung by high voices or instruments in an ensemble?
Please help me name this chord
How do I know when I&#39;m singing in key?
I&#39;m using a Roland TD-11KV Electric drum kit, and recording the toms sound different. Why is this?
What factors should be considered to determine the correct gain level when recording instruments?
What is different in double basses without a full body?
Where do musicians draw their melodies from?
Guitar learning path for beginners
Too much string on the tuning peg?
How can I play F&#252;r Elise well?
What are the repercussions of using really thick gauge strings on my electric guitar?
Left hand Finger Technique
Is it normal for new bought ukeleles to be out of tune every few minutes?
Slightly tone-deaf?
Singer &quot;benchmarking&quot;
Need help with notation and time signatures
As of 2012, are there any companies producing electro-mechanical keyboards?
How do I know when to stop singing?
What is the (Practical) theory behind applying chords for a Song?
Why do we use such complicated notation?
Notation for a turn with a half step
When learning a guitar part/song by ear, how do you determine where to put the capo?
Why is bII 7(b5) considered a dominant?
Naming convention for augmented 6th chords
How to improvise a walking bass line
Is G sharp major a real key?
With sheet music, how do you determine whether the song is in the major key or the minor key?
Trill in Bach fugue WTC 1 BWV 851
Is this an acceptable fingering of a G Chord?
How do you count off a 3/4 waltz?
Cymbal rolls on electronic drums
What&#39;s a &quot;guide&quot; in the studio recording process?
What is the difference between mono and stereo?
Correct terminology for chord inversions
Does the MicroKORG XL+ have internal speakers?
How can a guitarist treat and avoid lateral epicondylitis in the fretting arm?
Colorful sounding chords
My fingers ache after practice. What can I do about it?
What are the rules for using diminished chords in part writing?
Different Simile Marks
Why are notes beamed across the barline in this piece?
What are the advantages of point to point (PTP) wiring?
Minor scale with 7th chords, 7th not raised on 1 and 3
Composing/Arranging for a String Quartet
What are the benefits or drawbacks of playing different types of guitars?
Songs with everyday &quot;background noises&quot;
Roman Analysis of &quot;Ab B G&quot; chord
What scales can I play over Maj7 with lowered ninth?
Can a scale contain both a sharp and a flat note?
What are the chords in the harmonic minor and the melodic minor scales?
Chords triads in any scale
How to make people interested in what we&#39;re teaching?
What is tritone substitution?
Drummer: Follow Bassist, Guitarist, or Lead
What is the purpose of the mixolydian scale?
Differences between the concept of Scales , Raagas, and Thaaths?
What is the I-vi-ii-V Chord Progressions?
Is there any other blues chord progression?
Chord progressions
Is there a general rule when to use a 9th, 11th, and 13th chord on piano
Modal chord progressions for Rock music
Learning Bossa Nova Guitar
What is this guitar trick called?
How should I practically prepare/digest/view printed sheet music on a piano?
What are the limitations for a guitarist with arthritis in his hands?
Tabs/Partitures Version Control System?
Can a tuner help to tune my violin in perfect fifths?
I heard a song of Coldplay today but I can&#39;t figure out what it is (whistle provided)
Sharp pain in fingertip of fretting hand index finger
Recognizing downwards intervals by humming corresponding upwards interval - bad practice?
I need help to understand chord intervals (not single note intervals)
Diminished Intervals in Voice Leading
Musical Aids to Memorize Intervals
Where to start from?
Boogie Woogie in another keys what are the limits?
Sweaty hands while playing piano
&quot;Easiest to sound ok&quot; small non-reed woodwinds to learn
How do I reduce treble from an electric guitar without the use of an equalizer ?
Caffeine / Alcohol Before or During Rehearsal
Why do old russian guitar songs sound out of tune?
Difference between Polychords and Extended chords
Vocal attack technique
Who plays the chords during a live performance when lead guitarist is soloing?
Indian Bamboo Flute: Practice
Do all jazz musicians [in a band] need to know a song&#39;s melody?
What is intonation and how can I find out if my guitar has correct intonation?
How to Harmonize uncommon scales?
How to give more depth to vocals when mixing?
Are there any VSTs for removing harmonic content from audio?
Problem with low tunings on my guitar
FL studio as VST plugin into Virtual DJ 8
Are there any VSTs that emulate analog output filters?
&#39;Fine&#39; at the end of the song
How useful are learning aids in teaching oneself piano?
What to look for in a $1000 archtop guitar?
Where does punta music originate from?
What&#39;s the point of keys other than C and Am?
Any established exercise to ease finger movements while playing piano
What notes are optional in jazz chords?
How do Pre War Martin Guitars Differ From Modern Ones?
Looking for software that checks for voice leading mistakes in MIDI, MusicXML, or MuseScore formats
What does Grt. and Sw. mean in this organ score?
Learning Piano without a teacher
Which one has more impact on the sound, the string or the body?
Electronic Wind Instrument technique resources
Valve (tube) amps and clean tone
What is distinctive about the Hammond B3 organ?
Is my 1951 &quot;Nocaster&quot; worth restoring?
Travel instruments: what are the smallest and lightest?
What are the limitations of the ABC notation format?
Low audio output from DJ controller
Billy Corgan&#39;s Sound, on Siamese Dream
Using two microphones for vocals
Low E buzz troubleshooting
How do I make funk rhythm guitar sound fuller and nicer?
What are most common effects (pedals) for Post-rock music genre?
Website that analyze songs?
How can I develop an interesting or challenging 8-Beat rock rhythm?
What kind of acoustic guitars are good for rhythm playing?
Making sense of 5/4 time signatures
What&#39;s this rhythm called?
What Moods have been associated with D-Flat major?
Is a tie needed into a second-time bar?
How many bars can a clarinet sustain?
Half step mordent in Sibelius
Relationship between 3/4 and 4/4
Name for descending semitones under a repeating musical phrase?
Why note B is marked with H in Scandinavia and Germany?
Where could I find songs where the drums are muted (to play along on an electrical drum set)?
What are some great exercises for adult recorder players?
How to turn any (pop) song into a jazz song?
How do preamps and power amps compliment/replace guitar amplifier heads and combos?
Notation symbol I&#39;ve not seen before
String bending on acoustic
Is it possible to create a completely new genre of music
Need Help in Starting to Learn Guitars?
Why is the last semiquaver outside the last triplet of the measure?
Do I need a teacher to learn violin?
IEM, 3.5 and 6.35 jacks - Only get left ear when plugged fully in
How do I sync a Maschine instance on mac to a Maschine instance on pc?
Achieve samplepad/keyboard synth sound with a bass guitar for playing live?
Forgetting the piece when playing for the teacher
Is there a program that will teach me how to play a piece of music coded in a MIDI file?
When tuning a guitar, why is it only in tune for a moment?
How to reset tremolo?
What would Rock sound like to people in the Baroque era?
Beat detective clips move backwards
What type of strings to use for easier bending in fast solos?
What pitches for singing &quot;Movable Do&quot;?
What is Debussy&#39;s influence on bebop?
The Kokyuu! (Holding down strings on bowed instruments)
Why do drumsticks break?
Ideal Cowbell Placement
Advice for choosing a beginner drum kit?
How do i differentiate a crash cymbal from a ride cymbal which looks so similar
Why are there many guitarists, but only one drummer in a band?
How does one prevent sweaty palms when playing the drums?
What are the advantages of WAV vs. MP3?
How to play repeating notes quickly in the left hand on the piano
What can I do about my problems with piano scales which manifest in just one direction?
How to strum a ukulele chord with skipped string?
XLR vs 1/4 (jack/TRS/TS) output on digital piano. What is better to connect to audio interface?
Want to learn composing and producing music with a DAW. Where do I start?
Which type of wood for an electric guitar should one choose for rock/metal music?
Scotland the Brave - advice for newbie painist
Exercises for quickly identifying intervals on the staff
Alternative treatment for Intention tremors in my left pinky and ring finger
How can I learn 48 holes tremolo harmonica?
Proper way to learn to dj and beat match for a total beginner!
How to improve/train pinky dexterity for guitar playing (after long absence)
Ableton stores MIDI mappings but does not react to inputs
What does the distance between a pickup and strings do for the sound?
Difficulty tuning in Drop D
Is there a gigantic dataset with songs and chords I can download?
Learning to create melodies
passing chord preceding 4th in minor scale?
Why does the 5th string of a 5 string banjo usually start from the 5th fret?
How to enter overlapping notes in Sibelius 7
Photoscore rhythm problems
How to insert cautionary key signature before repeat mark using Sibelius 7
What is a good for system for learning theory through improvisation?
A reliable foundation from which to understand what &quot;key&quot; really means
Understanding the key concept
Progressing from a C Minor 9th
Understanding minor key harmony
Tied Db in Liszt&#39;s Consolation No. 3
What are the pros and cons of Traditional Grip vs. Matched Grip for snare and drumset?
Μy little finger is too weak to play guitar
How to Read Sheet Music
What is the difference between equivalent Flat and Sharp keys as far as musical notation? Are there any reasons to prefer one over the other?
What does &quot;al primo&quot; mean?
How can I add a solo soprano stave in finale?
Why must the final bar complete the anacrusis?
How do you write a continuous arpeggio in sheet music?
Tempo, time signature and note lengths
Chord analysis of Rachmaninoff&#39;s Piano Concerto No.2 Movement 1 mm 86
Practice before a gig - bored of material
Band rehearsal: how to lessen the dependency among members for timing and cues?
Exercises to integrate syncopation into improvisation
Basic synth performance in Pop-Rock songs
How much time should I put between movements?
What is the difference between swing and shuffle?
Is there a term for music composed of everyday sounds?
Is Warsaw Concerto a piano concerto?
Piano tuning just under the absolute pitch
Four dotted sixteenths in a triplet
Fingering Advice for Bach Invention 13
What&#39;s the difference between genre and style?
In traditional (tonal) harmony, how is the word &quot;sonority&quot; used?
Suggestion on how to play triplets?
Tabbing Triplets With Large Intervals
How to use MIDI keyboard for note input in Cubase?
trying to figure a chord in song
What is the full list of possible chord names? Are there chords that don&#39;t have a name in chord theory?
3/2 Time signature
Capitalization of key names (C Minor vs. c minor)
Acoustic Yamaha U1: One key sounds too loud
Changing amp tubes
Music Theory on guitar chord progression
How important is to reach the bottom limit of the key when pressed?
What are the correct mechanics for a guitar F barre chord
How can I sync Logic Pro&#39;s tempo (click) with a mp3 containing a song?
Does the size or shape of the resonance hole affect the tone?
How can I find the length in seconds of a quarter-note (crotchet) if I have a tempo marking?
What is the meaning of &#39;/5+&#39; in a chord?
Cubase Elements 7 - line in inputs not working
What is the nature of the signal between an electric guitar and an amplifier?
Do phase inverter tubes effect the sound of my amp?
How accurate are the pedal indications of Bach - Busoni, solo piano works?
How to play a quarter note after a half note when they&#39;re the same note?
Numbers above notes in piano sheet music?
Why is a grand piano better than an upright piano?
Acoustic guitar - how to wind strings on the tuning posts
Pianist at 22 years old
What would be a good method to learn a new piano piece?
What does this split stem notation mean?
Finger Exercises for Piano when not playing
What is the difference between minor and major chords?
name of the strumming technique
What do you call a chord that is not complete?
What is balanced audio all about?
Are octaves, fifths, fourths and thirds considered as &quot;consonant&quot; in all music cultures?
Multiply-diminished intervals from a major
Interval of a 4th above the bass
How do you organize your set list for a gig?
Switching Gears from 4/4 to 7/8 and back to 4/4
How did &quot;Mary had a little lamb&quot; become popular blues?
Understanding a digital tuner
How are tuplets drawn?
Find good length for song when setting text to music
Do music theory books differ per instrument?
Get rid (or die trying) of latency when using a MIDI instrument
Tips for beginner guitar technique
Bass Guitar - Practicing and Improving
What is the correct way to play/mute strings with the thumb?
I need help understanding a complex (or maybe compound) time signature
Sibelius midi export makes things complex
Right hand technique used in gypsy jazz guitar
How do I change the strings on a double bass?
Just intonation with Finale Human Playback?
Classical music theory notation for chord inversions (figured bass)
How do I keep my concentration going to the end and not get distracted thinking about how well it&#39;s going?
What are some commonly used chord progressions in contemporary Musical Theatre styled songs?
Getting Apple - Logic X to recognize outputs in mono as opposed to stereo pairs
Copying only Chord Symbols in Finale
What is Tempo (Speed): Moderate 4
Arbitrary length full-measure rests in Lilypond
Is the action of my guitar really high?
What is a coldplay?
Is there a software/website to play notes on snare drums?
Getting the right sound from a left-hand percussive when playing slap bass
How to write music using standard notation / Finding key
Steel-string parlor guitar - effect on tuning stability when changing string gauge?
What is the best setup for high gain and low noise for my amp and effects?
Should I focus on scales or chords?
Percussion notes in the vocals
Frequency Meter App
Guitar practice: more often but less time or once in a few days but for a few hours?
What string gauge should I use for my 7th string on a guitar
How to play chords on guitar from piano?
Can I split guitar string gauges?
What are some resources for applying my computer skills to augmenting my musical performance?
How do I begin finally making music on the piano?
What is this chord called that looks similar to power chords?
Why do certain rooms/vessels respond to specific frequencies?
Should I get my guitar re-set up when changing string brands, but not gauges?
How does the angle of strings above the headstock affect tone and stability?
E-B-G-D-A-E Guitar Strings Vs. E-A-D-G-B-E Guitar Strings?
How do I know what size guitar strings I need?
Correct process for replacing guitar strings
How to choose a tuning for a fingerstyle arrangement?
String configuration on a bass guitar
What is the best way to learn finger-picking on an acoustic guitar?
Bar width in Sibelius
Creating Happy Melodies and Chords
Mark Knopfler picking finger patterns — Sultans of Swing intro
What electronic keyboard can I upload music to play on it?
Softer strings?
What is the technical term for what the percussion is doing in this song?
Composing chord progressions for samba
Reduce a tube amp power or volume
Essential strumming patterns/techniques? and the theory behind it?
Am I able to repair the pegs on my violin?
Clean and polish an old violin
How to practise jazz drumming with only a snare
How possible for someone with bass voice to sight sing?
How do I connect my musical instrument to a computer?
Name of bell-like instrument
What is A flat to C minor?
How can you get guitar and bass tone out of a guitar?
Pros &amp; cons of in-ear monitors (IEM)
abc notation : different chords sounding exactly the same
&quot;Dull&quot; sound when recording dry audio from an Ibanez S series, not caused by old strings?
Chord performance in different scales
Chord notation for stacked and inverted chords or intervals?
Difficulty playing piano due to my small hands and short fingers, anyway around it?
Is writing important for electronic composition?
Awful timing when recording multiple tracks
Practicing modes on the piano
Restringing a 12-string guitar with heavier strings - is it possible?
What&#39;s the difference between the french and the german double bass bow?
Does the tempo marking on a piece refer to the bottom number (# of beats/measure)?
How to practice singing quietly
Origin of the &#39;squigly line&#39; used for quarter note rest?
When did the appearance of the quarter rest in music change from its original appearance?
How should I control my voice while rapping?
Terminology for tension idioms in composition
How to record my guitar on my computer
I&#39;m having trouble with bent notes not terminating cleanly but dropping a little in pitch at end
Digital Piano Software vs Sound Module
Methods of effectively recording drums (out of studio)
Are there any breathing methods for Rap vocals?
What are the indicators of a quality electric guitar neck?
How are double stops / divisi indicated in violin scores?
How to practice guitar in apartment with paper thin walls?
Is it okay to sit on guitar combo amplifier?
What does a piano teacher do?
What brass band instruments can a cornet player feasibly cover on short notice?
Practicing pitch on trumpet
Why does the orchestra tune to the oboe?
Fixing off-tempo MIDI performance
Where in a pedalboard chain would a multi effect pedal be placed?
Guitar chords high on the neck
How to predict the loudness of an amp based on description
Trying To Figure Out A Chord Type
Reading material for making the switch from FL to Reason
short segment of different time signature
What is a scale consisting of Root, m2, m3, P4, d5, M6, M7 called?
Why does this harmonic minor scale notation use a natural sign?
What improvisation techniques do players like Doc Watson and Tony Rice employ to transcend cliches of bluegrass improvisation?
Why does music seem to transpose when I yawn?
What chord progressions are used in traditional Celtic music?
Beginner&#39;s question about compound time signatures
How to check an acoustic guitar is solid top or not?
Why does this key change work?
Looking for a trance gate midi device for Ableton Live/Max for Live
Rendering lilypond score into html page
Sticks moving in my hands (weak grip?)
Is it a bad idea to attach my strap just above the nut?
Studies showing the brain chemical reactions when listening to depressive music
Lilypond - two voices, with overlapping beams
Why do wooden woodwinds sound better than plastic?
How to prevent high pitch feedback when palm muting
Maintain same volume levels in a digital guitar processor
How to play accents on short notes on the violin
Why is there a key signature if I never play those notes?
Improving Timing While Improvising A Solo
I need a DAW for live performance
Import PDF score into editing software
Why does a grand piano nearly always sound better than an upright piano?
Techniques for creating melodies
How can I understand what scale should I use?
How much to pay sound person?
Scale degree naming
What are the effects of steroids taken for asthma on the throat and vocal abilities?
How do I change the time signature of a measure without changing the time signature of a piece in Finale?
Looking for a high level Music Programming language
How to do apoyando in Romance de Amor?
What is a &quot;D-10&quot; Chord?
Getting Started Recording and Arranging Drums, Guitar, Bass, Vocals, Etc
How do enharmonic notes affect harmony and chord progressions?
Replacing Viola and Basso continuo
Switching from Acoustic Classical Guitar to Electric Guitar
Is there any name for two melodies that are being played at the same time?
The Musical Effect of a Unison Ensemble
Determining What Chords Fit With A Scale
How does the type of wood used to make an acoustic guitar affect its sound?
Why do composers choose different keys for their works?
Learning to play what you&#39;re thinking on the guitar
Why do I get more tired when I play on stage?
Differentiating between II and II7 (secondary dominant V of V)
How does one improve on his/her drumming technique without owning a drumset?
what&#39;s the difference between a gauge .011 and a gauge .012 string?
what other midi controller could I connect with YAMAHA TG55
How to find your vocal range using the guitar?
Unknown Notation - Thick Horizontal Bars Between Notes
What does a double bass string eliminator do?
Markup text inside second volta bracket
Are certain subdivisions &quot;uncountable&quot;?
Suggestions for transition from 6/8 to 4/4 (Piano accompaniment)
What is the Slonimsky-Schillinger Symmetric System?
What causes this weird sitar-like sound?
How to avoid excessive bow-hair damage when playing &quot;scratch percussion&quot; on string instruments?
How can one categorize himself as a Beginner or Intermediate Guitarist?
How to make nails grow faster?
Learning a guitarist&#39;s style through his music
How do I define an Lilypond/Scheme alist as cons of two a lists?
Guitar not holding tension
How to select a key-signature for a song
Was the Angolan style of music called kizomba inspired by Kassav&#39;?
How can I analyse all the tracks contained in a folder with Traktor 2?
Earliest-*known* use of a double leading tone cadence?
Why are the white and black keys on the piano placed the way they are?
Drummer looking to learn one-handed keyboard
How can I practice in an apartment without annoying the neighbours?
What&#39;s the purpose of a sound post?
Harmony in Phrygian : What chords are tonic, subdominant, and dominant?
Is it bad for a piano player to work out?
What to consider when selecting the number of keys for a keyboard
How does &quot;triplet feel&quot; for eighth notes affect non-eighth notes?
I want to join a Barbershop Quartet. How can I prepare myself?
What is the four tonic system?
How does a advanced classical pianist start to play pop music?
Piano performance: slippery keys due to sweat of previous players
When singing, how to avoid being distracted by vocal harmony or other vocal lines?
What are the musical instruments that have the sounding range that has at least all notes on this range A#1-C5?
Loose piece of wood inside violin
String gauge, scale, and tuning relationship? (Guitar in particular)
How do I use slash chords in music composition?
What makes each of the inversions of a major chord different in usage?
Why is it common to hammer-on a second note on the base string of a sweep-picking part, and is there a technique to playing it correctly?
How to use bIII in music composition?
Barenreiter (or urtext) Beethoven symphonies scores
What options are there for cheap synthesiser/synth modules to get for gigs?
Naming chord inversions
Tritone substitution in a ii-V-I progression and chord names
Make different ranges across a midi keyboard play different voices?
Is there a color code for notes?
How does one break out of a musical plateau?
In &quot;All we like sheep have gone astray,&quot; are we laughing with Handel or at him?
Are there guitar strings for very high tunings?
How do I develop a bass voice?
Mix or Mastering problem?
How do I tune my cello to play the second Bach suite(prelude)?
Just bought a digital piano - have some &#39;newbie&#39; computer music questions
When was Screaming vocals actually invented, and by whom?
Drum Theory Resources
interesting 2-3 bar ideas for a beginning improviser
What are some techniques to alter a repeated phrase
What should I look for in a ukulele amp
How does one create their own finger-style guitar music?
Tuning Up Versus Tuning Down
When is it a remix, and when is it a cover?
How to make melodies effectively?
Who invented the special left hand grouping for Chopin Ballade no. 4?
Is it considered poor skills if a (Western) classical singer has to cough during performance?
How to sing higher head voice notes more quietly?
Elements of a horror musical song?
Scruggs Banjo Tuners - are they necessary?
Are there any small, cheap devices I can record audio onto from a 3.5mm or 6.5mm source?
Advice for a compact midi keyboard for practice
Do guitar strings wear when not used?
Beethoven repeated sforzando
How does the Buzz Feiten tuning system work?
Can I write a program to calculate the BPM of my mp3s?
Difference between &quot;Bar&quot; and &quot;Measure&quot;
Counting while Playing
Tracking down hum in several amplifiers in a home studio
Good non-Henle urtext edition of Bach?
Two electric guitars on one amp
The concept behind relaxing music?
Harmonical analysis of Fm D♭ E♭ B♭
Is there a general term for a single note or a chord?
Is there a less clunky word for a single note or a run of single notes?
What is the name for a group of five?
What are the terms for beats and a set of beats in a dance?
Distinguishing intervals
Stravinsky&#39;s opera &quot;Mavra&quot; and its influence upon the popular song &quot;Katyusha&quot; by Blanter
Can turning on an amplifier without a connected load (cab) cause damage?
What&#39;s the right way to hold a pick?
Another word for shots
Playing with an mp3 player in performance
The Secret Current
Is there a special name for &quot;I - V - i&quot; or &quot;i - V - I&quot; Modulation?
Minor scale chord substitution
Is it possible to identify autotuned concerts?
How to chord progress from C major key to A minor key?
Learning guitar without making noise
Do you use a metronome for songs or just for scales and exercises?
Is there a way to measure the consonance or dissonance of a chord?
How to mic and amplify an accordion for live performance?
Playing vinyl with Traktor Scratch Pro 2
Why doesn&#39;t Traktor update the key and BPM fields after I analyze the track?
Upon importing a folder to my collection in Traktor, how can I configure Traktor so that only non-analyzed tracks get analysed?
Set pitch back to 0% (Original BPM) in Traktor
Move cue point to previous beat in Traktor
Pause Traktor deck automatically when cue point is reached?
What is a power amp?
Definition of the note C
F Dorian and Associated Chords
Where to apply my effects pedal?
What is causing this weird distortion coming from my amp?
Dip-polishing silver-nickel keys
Do some measures get no numbers, in an opera score?
Tone knob usage
How do I find guitar chords to play while I sing &quot;Frozen Heart&quot; from disney&#39;s Frozen?
Need help identifying this scale
Describe the 4 cable method for connecting a multi effect pedal to a guitar amp
Why don&#39;t pianos use multiples of 12 for the number of keys?
Math PI represented musically
Hardware emulation vs Software emulation during guitar recording
Playing guitar with webbed fingers
Where along the strings to pick?
Guitar pickup selection
What is the difference between monitors and (loud)speakers in technical terms?
Is this chord progression III I II III?
Confused about diminished chords for guitar
What do you learn in music colleges, for drums?
How to create an interval from a note which doesn&#39;t start a major scale
Drumming curriculum for a four-year old student
Is there a single command for vertical padding in LilyPond \markup?
Is there a way to notate alternative transitions between 2 sections of music?
Uses for the Prometheus scale?
Why do Major keys contain minor chords?
Quantization for recorded audio tracks
I want to improve my voice and singing
What is the difference between Electro and House?
Why did Shostakovich not release his 4th, but did release his 5th symphony?
How do I play this?
What is this finger style strumming called?
Add pre amp to audio interface to enhance sound quality?
The 25 Daily Exercises versus learning songs for beginner saxophone
Why does conventional playing style give the string manipulation to the left hand?
How to start learning FingerStyle guitar?
Which to choose Yamaha CLP, Roland RP, Adagio KDP digital piano
Harmonizing Bourr&#233;e in E minor
High D on Tenor Recorder
Do I need to have my guitar re-set up if I change the string gauge
Spd-sx Roland and power converter
Is there a device that would be a mixer with multiple outputs to jam with headphones?
Error computing prime form of a pitch class set
guitar scales: where to start
how to build vocal stamina
(Post)-minimalist compositional techniques
F# major vs Gb major?
Electronic device that introduces harmonic overtones
Software that Transposes Music?
Guitar chord ear training website/software
What&#39;s the difference between two notes played on strings of different thickness?
How to prevent snare rattle?
Different types of grace notes
Importance of sight reading for non-professional jazz guitarists?
How to resolve chords (and general questions)
How to become a DJ
What is the difference between a riff and a lick?
Guidelines for piano composition/transcription
Polyphony vs Homophony in Hymns
iPad app to live-sample vocals and repeat the sample in the background
How to keep rhythm
Composing melodies for a song on finger-style guitar
Learning to play songs by ear and using a metronome
Real examples of guitar technique Wikipedia calls &quot;polyphonic strumming&quot;
Guitar: No sound from second string, but other strings sound normal
What scales are suitable for funk? Is there a funk scale?
Is there a guitar effect set up that can emulate the sound of Nashville tuning?
Notating tenor vocal parts with 8va G-clef in Sibelius 6
How to notate this ornament?
Really Silent Piano
How to correctly position your larynx when singing?
What things to look for when buying my first ukulele?
Recording device
What is the clearest way to signify the harmonic function of a polychord?
Should one write # or b?
What purpose do accidentals serve in music?
Keeping time when tired
How to express &quot;dreaming&quot; with other than the whole tone scale?
What to look (out) for when buying a (second-hand) electronic drum kit?
What does it mean for a song to be played in C minor, D, etc?
Playing the Ukulele besides singing
Chord Type 7th Extension and the Major Scale
Are there any good online resources on how to build drums?
What are the benefits of guitars with fanned frets?
How does a bass with tilted frets work?
Where to start with orchestration?
How to improve singing?
Guitar Pro 6 – electric bass is quiet
music with frequencies : software editor
What is the purpose of the pop filter?
What factors affect a guitar&#39;s ability to sustain a note?
Which fret do I place a capo on, to play Eb music using C chords?
How do I find a good reverb pedal for a huge, soul-filling sound?
Choosing an electro-acoustic guitar
Still Major Intervals?
Is there a technique to &quot;extracting&quot; second voices from songs?
How can people stand on their double basses?
What poem was the inspiration for Rachmaninoff&#39;s duet Suite 1 Op 5 mvmt III?
Line6 pod hd500x or a different processor?
How do you quickly form this C7 shape on guitar?
MIDI-Keyboards with integrated audio?
Quality of Sound Box changing with time?
Separate the top matter from the staves in lilypond
What is a multi-tonic system?
Doesn&#39;t a major scale share all its notes with its relative minor and vice versa?
Classical music vs March music relationship
Is it normal for frequent guitar playing to be accompanied by wrist pain?
Consonance &amp; Dissonance Relative To Melodies
is there a note location chart available for 22 hole chromatic harmonica?
How to read guitar pro chord strumming tabs
What instruments are used in this work?
Are there other re-orchestrations of Schumann&#39;s symphonies besides Mahler&#39;s?
&quot;Figured&quot; woods and veneers for guitars
Where can I find a complete list of Freddie Green chords?
What is a good way to train one&#39;s mental resources for improvising?
How do I play the synthesizer on my own?
Fingertip care for guitarists
What made Mozart unique as an improviser?
What should a guitarist learn first: Rhythm or Lead?
Is there a name for this guitar technique for Paganini&#39;s Capriccio #6?
Are there some classical pieces that lend themselves well to guitar?
How much can transposing a song by a half step or a whole step help a vocalist?
How come songs in a certain key play notes not in that key
Automatic transcription software with ABC output for Android devices?
I want to learn my first dire-straits solo, what is a good one to start from?
How to synthesize grand piano sound
Scales - Melodic and harmonic minor
How were tuning/temperaments indicated on scores (if they ever were)?
Can absolute pitch be learned or acquired by anyone?
What Android app is most-used for reading music on the bandstand in these circumstances?
What&#39;s the best method for learning how to play triplets over quavers?
How to identify the root note of a chord
What note type in the 7th of a chord? - Music Theory
Diminished Intervals
Is this melody in a particular scale?
What is the name of the interval Db - D#?
What note(s) are a diminished 3rd above D-flat?
Do songs written in certain modes not have keys?
How did JS Bach improvise?
What is the approach taken by Bill Frisell to improvisation in jazz music?
Is an inversion a different chord, or a different voicing?
What is M-Base and how do I play it?
Carved fingerboard between frets on a guitar
What is needed for an electric woodwind?
Does Phish base their improvisational style off of any predetermined techniques?
Composing Music- Interpretation
Custom xylophone sticks?
What factors contribute most to the tone of an electric guitar?
Can I force Traktor to use more than one CPU when analyzing tracks?
Notation of multiple voices in Piano Music
How to rosin a bow?
What are the principles for improvising over an ostinato?
Good piece to start learning multi-finger tapping
How can I deduce in which scales and mode to play?
How do you know what beat to emphasize based on the time signature?
How to discover the strum of guitar tabs?
What are some of the components of a good guitar solo?
What are the principles of improvisation in newgrass music?
Why do minor keys sound “sad”?
What is good software for learning how to sight-read?
Why is the guitar tuned like it is?
Ten Minute Practice Techniques For Guitar?
Why are there twelve notes in an octave?
How do professional accompanying musicians (seem to) figure out songs instantly?
Is there any real-world difference between time signatures such as 4/4 and 8/8?
How to play a song without making mistakes?
How often should I replace the strings on my guitar?
Ways to get out of a scalar rut?
Are there any games useful for ear training?
Quickly flip a page of sheet music while playing
Will learning to play another instrument help me to become a better guitarist?
What&#39;s the difference between a G♭ and an F#?
Changing the strings: one by one, or by taking all strings off at one time?
Position of white dots in guitar fretboard
What are some chord substitutions for a I-IV-V blues progression?
How do you draw a quarter rest with a pen/pencil?
Purpose of double-sharps and double-flats?
What does a conductor actually do?
How can I overcome the fear of performing in front of an audience?
How long would it take to learn to tune a piano?
What&#39;s the point of keys other than C and Am?
How do you identify a good acoustic guitar?
How can a classical pianist learn jazz piano?
Best method to learn to play barre chords?
What do you do when a string breaks or you drop your pick on stage?
How can I significantly improve my hand independence on piano?
In live performance, what is a &quot;monitor&quot;
Guitar practice: more often but less time or once in a few days but for a few hours?
Is there a &quot;standard&quot; or &quot;typical&quot; drum kit layout?
Why are violin bows longer than viola bows, than cello bows, than double-bass bows ?
What to look for when buying a digital piano for a beginner?
What is the relationship between &quot;do re mi&quot; and note letter names?
(1/√π)/√⅔ as a time signature?
What instruments are inexpensive, portable and not too loud?
How do I make piano chords sound interesting when playing along with popular songs?
Etiquette of Quitting a Band
What are some useful and effective exercises for training absolute pitch?
Software that allows playing in different temperaments
Why are orchestras tuned differently?
Key signature for writing in modes other than major and minor
What&#39;s so special about minor and major scales?
What Does a Compressor Pedal Do?
Glossary of Guitar Effects
What exactly should I have to learn to understand why certain combination of chords are harmonic when played in a sequence?
What notes are optional in jazz chords?
What exactly does practising scales teach?
How can I improve my piano sight reading?
What is the difference between a mode and a scale?
Pay-to-Play Gigs
How do I use a metronome?
Why do I yawn while singing?
As a guitarist, how can I learn to sight-read music?
What are the differences between tone, note and pitch?
Is there a difference between 2/4 and 4/4
Why shouldn&#39;t I put electric guitar strings on my acoustic guitar?
What are the most effective ear training methods ?
How should I &quot;store&quot; my guitars?
Sites with a good selection of sheet music
Why is the bridge pickup on a Stratocaster angled?
What tools should every guitarist have?
Examples of songs or phrases played in different temperaments
Why learn scales? What are they for?
Why are the white and black keys on the piano placed the way they are?
How do jazz players communicate while playing?
How can I be sure that I am singing effortlessly in my natural voice?
&quot;one finger per fret&quot; - is it worth following this rule?
What is the best way of learning the notes on the fretboard.
How can I practice in an apartment without annoying the neighbours?
Recycling guitar strings
How is counterpoint different from harmony?
Is it possible to write a song without a key?
Is there a way to measure the consonance or dissonance of a chord?
Why are there many guitarists, but only one drummer in a band?
Do musicians that began playing from an early age have an incontestable advantage?
How to transcribe music by ear?
Beginning &quot;adult&quot; piano for musicians
How can I train my ear for music?
How does scale length affect my playing?
What is the Difference between Maple and Rosewood Fretboards
Does it really make difference to play a song in a different key?
Appreciating the music of J. S. Bach
What does it mean to write a song in a certain key?
Why isn&#39;t D the &quot;most central&quot; note?
Why do films sometimes transpose everything by a quarter step?
How is this B flat guitar chord physically possible?
Arthritis In Hands (Playing With Pain In Hands) - Are There Recommended Approaches?
How to start playing by ear/improvising?
Which instrument can a person play with 2 malformed fingers on each hand?
Can anyone learn to sing higher?
Why does conventional playing style give the string manipulation to the left hand?
Why Is Just Intonation Impractical?
Why do we use such complicated notation?
When tuning a guitar, should you always end with tightening the string rather than loosening it?
Are we all born with the ability to detect a note out of tune?
Has music notation become more prescriptive?
When were the terms &quot;Major&quot; and &quot;Minor&quot; applied to keys?
What is the origin of the up bow and down bow symbols for bowed string instruments?
What kind of a guitar can I play without thumbs?
Why do minor keys sound “sad”?
What is good software for learning how to sight-read?
Why is the guitar tuned like it is?
Ten Minute Practice Techniques For Guitar?
Why are there twelve notes in an octave?
How do professional accompanying musicians (seem to) figure out songs instantly?
Is there any real-world difference between time signatures such as 4/4 and 8/8?
How to play a song without making mistakes?
How often should I replace the strings on my guitar?
Ways to get out of a scalar rut?
Are there any games useful for ear training?
Quickly flip a page of sheet music while playing
Will learning to play another instrument help me to become a better guitarist?
What&#39;s the difference between a G♭ and an F#?
Changing the strings: one by one, or by taking all strings off at one time?
Position of white dots in guitar fretboard
What are some chord substitutions for a I-IV-V blues progression?
How do you draw a quarter rest with a pen/pencil?
Purpose of double-sharps and double-flats?
What does a conductor actually do?
How can I overcome the fear of performing in front of an audience?
How long would it take to learn to tune a piano?
What&#39;s the point of keys other than C and Am?
How do you identify a good acoustic guitar?
How can a classical pianist learn jazz piano?
Best method to learn to play barre chords?
What do you do when a string breaks or you drop your pick on stage?
How can I significantly improve my hand independence on piano?
In live performance, what is a &quot;monitor&quot;
Guitar practice: more often but less time or once in a few days but for a few hours?
Is there a &quot;standard&quot; or &quot;typical&quot; drum kit layout?
Why are violin bows longer than viola bows, than cello bows, than double-bass bows ?
What to look for when buying a digital piano for a beginner?
What is the relationship between &quot;do re mi&quot; and note letter names?
(1/√π)/√⅔ as a time signature?
What instruments are inexpensive, portable and not too loud?
How do I make piano chords sound interesting when playing along with popular songs?
Etiquette of Quitting a Band
What are some useful and effective exercises for training absolute pitch?
Software that allows playing in different temperaments
Why are orchestras tuned differently?
Key signature for writing in modes other than major and minor
What&#39;s so special about minor and major scales?
What Does a Compressor Pedal Do?
Glossary of Guitar Effects
What exactly should I have to learn to understand why certain combination of chords are harmonic when played in a sequence?
What notes are optional in jazz chords?
What exactly does practising scales teach?
How can I improve my piano sight reading?
What is the difference between a mode and a scale?
Pay-to-Play Gigs
How do I use a metronome?
Why do I yawn while singing?
As a guitarist, how can I learn to sight-read music?
What are the differences between tone, note and pitch?
Is there a difference between 2/4 and 4/4
Why shouldn&#39;t I put electric guitar strings on my acoustic guitar?
What are the most effective ear training methods ?
How should I &quot;store&quot; my guitars?
Sites with a good selection of sheet music
Why is the bridge pickup on a Stratocaster angled?
What tools should every guitarist have?
Examples of songs or phrases played in different temperaments
Why learn scales? What are they for?
Why are the white and black keys on the piano placed the way they are?
How do jazz players communicate while playing?
How can I be sure that I am singing effortlessly in my natural voice?
&quot;one finger per fret&quot; - is it worth following this rule?
What is the best way of learning the notes on the fretboard.
How can I practice in an apartment without annoying the neighbours?
Recycling guitar strings
How is counterpoint different from harmony?
Is it possible to write a song without a key?
Is there a way to measure the consonance or dissonance of a chord?
Why are there many guitarists, but only one drummer in a band?
Do musicians that began playing from an early age have an incontestable advantage?
How to transcribe music by ear?
Beginning &quot;adult&quot; piano for musicians
How can I train my ear for music?
How does scale length affect my playing?
What is the Difference between Maple and Rosewood Fretboards
Does it really make difference to play a song in a different key?
Appreciating the music of J. S. Bach
What does it mean to write a song in a certain key?
Why isn&#39;t D the &quot;most central&quot; note?
Why do films sometimes transpose everything by a quarter step?
How is this B flat guitar chord physically possible?
Arthritis In Hands (Playing With Pain In Hands) - Are There Recommended Approaches?
How to start playing by ear/improvising?
Which instrument can a person play with 2 malformed fingers on each hand?
Can anyone learn to sing higher?
Why does conventional playing style give the string manipulation to the left hand?
Why Is Just Intonation Impractical?
Why do we use such complicated notation?
When tuning a guitar, should you always end with tightening the string rather than loosening it?
Are we all born with the ability to detect a note out of tune?
Has music notation become more prescriptive?
When were the terms &quot;Major&quot; and &quot;Minor&quot; applied to keys?
What is the origin of the up bow and down bow symbols for bowed string instruments?
What kind of a guitar can I play without thumbs?
Can one tell by ear whether a bowed instrument is being played up or down?
How to interpret half notes combined with thirty-second stems?
Why do tube-based guitar amplifiers sound so good?
Why is my guitar&#39;s saddle at an angle?
Do guitar strings wear when not used?
How to train recognizing chords by ear ?
What does a small x-like symbol before a note mean?
How to play a long sustained note on an electric guitar?
Is there a standard width for piano keys?
Software that slows down music to help in transcribing
Will a 61-key keyboard severely restrict my piano repertoire?
Why is C the base note of standard notation and keys?
Why do some artists tune their guitars half a step or whole step down?
How do I know when it&#39;s time to change a tube on my amplifier?
Does leaving a capo on &quot;hurt&quot; the strings?
What is the difference between a &quot;riff&quot; and a &quot;melody&quot;?
What is the relationship between the melody line and the rhythm chords?
Boiling/washing used guitar/bass strings - is it worthwhile?
How often is it recommended to change bass strings?
How to dramatically change the feeling of a song while keeping the melody largely the same?
How do I become better at &quot;playing outside&quot;?
How do I keep my concentration going to the end and not get distracted thinking about how well it&#39;s going?
Coated Strings—Gimmick, or worth the money?
What are some of the components of a good guitar solo?
How to know what notes/chords go together while improvising?
How to identify the root note of a chord
The major scale - why and how?
How can I teach a student who seems to have no rhythm?
Playing a Coltrane polychord and the limits of space
Which fingering to use when playing the same piano key twice in a row?
Can I play pipe organ as a pianist?
Do different synthesizers produce the exact same sawtooth (and square, etc) waveform?
What does this note - B# - mean?
What are modes and how are they useful?
What is the difference between upstrokes and downstrokes while strumming a guitar?
In phase, out of phase pickups
What are some common jazz chord progressions?
How to turn any (pop) song into a jazz song?
How do classical composers write music?
What&#39;s the difference between &quot;modal music&quot; and &quot;tonal music&quot;?
As a composer, should I be composing music for an instrument I don&#39;t play?
B flat minor - the key of death.....seriously?
How does a piano go out of tune?
When to use a dot or a tie in music notation?
When practicing on my instrument - which is more important - quantity or quality?
Criteria for selecting a voice teacher
How to handle a newly purchased score book that won&#39;t stay opened?
Why is an amplifier&#39;s effects loop useful?
Is there a way to develop &quot;Perfect Pitch&quot;?
Why is dropped D tuning used so often?
What are good resources for learning music theory?
What is intonation and how can I find out if my guitar has correct intonation?
How do you determine if you&#39;re ready to join a band?
Poor quality guitars that don&#39;t tune
What to check when buying a new guitar?
What is the difference between a &quot;band&quot; and an &quot;orchestra&quot;
How not to touch neighbouring strings?
What does a triangle mean in chord notation?
What are the practical reasons for still having transposing instruments?
Algorithms for music composition
Practice amount and habits for time constrained individuals
Why does the C7 chord on guitar omit the G note (5th) in open position?
Why guitar sounds smoother in high frets?
Why is A4 the standard pitch reference for tuning?
Why does the orchestra tune to the oboe?
What is the difference between a xylophone, a glockenspiel, marimba, a xylorimba and a marimbaphone?
When is a piece in A minor versus C major?
How can I safely extend my vocal range?
Any advice for a novice composer?
Where to rest your thumb when playing bass: Pickup vs. Strings vs. Thumbrests
Why do we need note names like B♭, D♭ etc.? Why not use only A♯, C♯ and so on?
What is the difference between a riff and a lick?
Is there any way to improve composing?
Chord progressions
How do I know when I&#39;m singing in key?
Every time I press &#39;record&#39; I forget how to play and sing!
How to formulate a chord on the piano?
Fast Chord Identification
What is the importance of practicing scales on piano, and the proper fingering of them?
Are there any machine-readable databases of chord progressions available?
How do I begin finally making music on the piano?
Is this piece of renaissance music really in the locrian mode?
When should I be concerned about calibrating the bias of vacuum tubes in an amplifier?
What are the advantages of learning to play on your own versus learning from a teacher?
Multi-Effects Pedal or Multiple Effects Pedals?
How to do &quot;metal&quot; harmonics (pinch etc)
Cleaning the fretboard of an electric guitar
Improving fretting hand strength
Can a chord contain both the C and C♯ notes? (as opposed to containing C and D♭ notes)
Memorizing notes on guitar fretboard
How do harmonics work?
Why does the D string in a guitar breaks so often?
WHY do harmonics happen?
What are the benefits of guitars with fanned frets?
Why are birds never out of key when they sing?
Why is the key included in classical music titles?
Is there any practical difference between 3/4 and 3/8 time?
Why does the Dorian mode on C have two flats?
Are the any great open questions in music theory?
Can people really sight-read advanced pieces?
Why is a grand piano better than an upright piano?
Where do musicians draw their melodies from?
Why is the aeolian mode the minor scale?
Why are pianos traditionally tuned &quot;out of tune&quot; at the extremes?
What is Voice Leading?
Is &quot;16va&quot; proper notation?
In blues, country blues, why don&#39;t songwriters get sued for aping the same progressions/tempos/scales as other established blues songs?
What is &quot;Tempo 1&quot;?
Why does music seem to transpose when I yawn?
Do musicians count the meter all the time?
Why is bass note so important in harmonic analysis of music?
How can I keep learning new songs and not forget the previous ones?
Why are conductors required at orchestra performances?
Keeping track of problems during rehearsals
When learning a piece, concentrate on playing the beginning really well or the whole piece the same?
How much do we know about how ancient Greek and Roman music sounded?
How to reliably execute a snare drum rimshot?
How to properly tune drum heads?
How many hours of practice total are typical for different piano grades?
Where can I get started with my improvisation?
How to extend and strengthen low end of vocal range? (I need about a whole tone extra.)
How to hide a flat pick in the right hand when switching to finger picking, Warren Haynes style
Pick weight - functional difference, or just personal preference?
Varying rhythms on bass
How do I set up an electric guitar?
What is the &quot;theory&quot; behind &quot;odd time signatures&quot;?
How to stop distortion from making minor chords muddy?
What chord is formed by the open strings of a guitar in standard (EADGBe) tuning?
What are some techniques to control feedback in a musical setting?
How do you remember your music and how do I improve in this regard?
Software for microtonal MIDI?
Why can&#39;t I whistle and hum different notes at the same time?
With sheet music, how do you determine whether the song is in the major key or the minor key?
Is there a known point in history where dissonance became acceptable?
I want to learn how to sing. Where do I start?
Why does music sound bad when played backwards?
Is it easier to play &quot;softly&quot; on a grand piano?
When playing drums behind the beat, what instruments define the actual beat?
Why are thirds used to construct chords?
Stage volume levels in rehearsal and performance
What is this beat and why is it so popular
Teaching a student to match pitch
Why does a piano have only one or two strings per note in the bass register, but three for other registers?
Music Store Etiquette
How to algorithmically find a chord progression for an infinite arbitrary melody?
Why do frets get closer as the notes get higher?
What does it mean for a sound to be &quot;dirty&quot;?
What is the term for a song without a tempo?
Are there any MIDI extensions that allow quarter tones?
Rest above a note in a piano piece
X or Y guitarist doesn&#39;t know music theory - how true is this statement?
Why does a Cm13 chord use A instead of A♭?
Why do certain rooms/vessels respond to specific frequencies?
Why do drummers put (duct) tape on their drums?
How important is warming up before playing an instrument?
Why is music theory built so tightly around the C Major scale?
Bored when playing instrument
How to escape the C Major trap when improvising on the piano
Techniques for remembering a pitch without reference
Learning to create melodies
What is a multi-tonic system?
Do ear plugs have a big effect on ability to hear the music?
Relationship between 3/4 and 4/4
What are the limitations of the ABC notation format?
What are the advantages of WAV vs. MP3?
Notation symbol I&#39;ve not seen before
Why do harmonics played on guitar sound lower as you move to higher frets while fretted notes sound higher?
Differences between the concept of Scales , Raagas, and Thaaths?
Software that Transposes Music?
How to learn many musical instruments?
What scale is this? ( A B C# D E F G A)
How to prevent a string from breaking during a performance?
Why do standard modern pianos have 88 keys?
What are Head voice and Chest voice
Where should I go to learn about non-Western scales (particularly Turkish &amp; Greek)
When tuning a guitar, how should I strike the strings?
Where does picking speed come from? Forearm, hand, or bicep?
What is concert pitch?
What is the first scale one should learn on guitar
How can I minimize going out of tune when using the whammy bar?
Acoustic guitar - how to wind strings on the tuning posts
Selling my guitar
Are there any benefits of using a Capo?
Mental approach to improvisation
Symbols &quot;M&quot;, &quot;C&quot;, &quot;D&quot;, and &quot;P&quot; in Guitar Tablature
Should I look at the fretboard while I play guitar?
How do Pre War Martin Guitars Differ From Modern Ones?
Properly fingering jazz chords?
How to play chords like G/B
What are the objective differences between the guitar and the piano?
Becoming a good guitar teacher
Is there any real difference between Counterpoint and Polyphony?
Ways to warm up vocal cords?
Are there References on Whistling Technique?
What are the characteristic scales, keys, intervals, progressions, etc. of pirate / sailing / nautical music?
List of average genre tempo (BPM) levels?
How does string gauge affect a guitar&#39;s sound and playability?
Creating a perfect &quot;practice corner&quot;
Is it possible to create the illusion of a sub-harmonic?
Most common jazz theory method book
Using keyboard/MIDI controller to learn piano
Why do these progressions sound good?
How many (major and minor) keys are there? Why?
Acoustic Guitar Body Types - Main Differences (Suggested Genres)
Musical Aids to Memorize Intervals
How to relax my wrists?
What are the Solf&#232;ge names of the semitones between the basic do, re, mi, etc?
How necessary is an USB Audio Interface?
How do I connect my musical instrument to a computer?
What are the greek modes, and how do they differ from modern modes?
Can anyone learn to sing?
How to learn to play &#39;out of phase&#39; with yourself?
How can I tell when music is live and not recorded?
Is there any specific reason to why are the instruments placed as they are in an orchestra?
Why are guitars strung low-to-high?
Finding the Shadaj (tonic) in Hindustani Sangeet (North Indian Classical Music)
Is there a Relative Pitch Clef?
How do guitarists switch on/off multiple effects via pedalboards?
If F&#252;r Elise is in Am why there is a D# in it?
Am I allowed to add a b9 to a maj7 chord in Jazz?
How do you read Graphic Scores?
What is the difference between Overdrive and Distortion?
Is &quot;You shouldn&#39;t play all 6 strings together on an electric guitar&quot; good teaching?
Why do many songs in major keys use a bVII in the chord progression?
How do I get out of my song writing rut and compose something new and fresh for a change?
Improving breath support
Fast octaves on the piano
Finger Exercises for Piano when not playing
How can I toughen up my fingertips?
Prokofiev&#39;s style
Teaching Bandmates to Count
How useful is a metronome for playing the piano?
Trumpet low C♯ and D
How should I tune a guitar with a Floyd Rose tremolo?
How to begin learning the CAGED Method
How to accurately intonate a 3 saddle telecaster?
How to learn to play guitar with a slide ?
Skills needed for classical guitar
Music education audio lessons
Is cold water bad for the throat?
Get back into an instrument after long break?
Difference between &quot;hi&quot; and &quot;low&quot; on amps?
How can I generate nice-sounding random chord progressions?
How to select a key-signature for a song
Do all chords in a progression usually fit within a scale
What defines a Tango?
Is it possible to find the correct chords from melody notes alone?
Is G sharp major a real key?
Why should you begin plucking with the index finger when playing the bass?
Tuning a tuning fork?
What is the history of considering Rock &#39;n&#39; Roll to be &quot;the Devil&#39;s music&quot;?
What do the 2 &quot;push/pull&quot; knobs on my guitar do?
Resource for sheet music for blind musicians
Why is there a key signature if I never play those notes?
How do you avoid falling into the same patterns every time you improvise?
What determines a chord&#39;s name?
Should one write # or b?
Why do melodies have harmonies?
Why use a baton?
Are doubly augmented and doubly diminished intervals practical?
Can absolute pitch be learned or acquired by anyone?
Why does the 5th string of a 5 string banjo usually start from the 5th fret?
Why is music for strings more likely to be in keys with sharps?
Why does plucked and bowed string of violin produces slightly different pitches?
Are there any rules of thumb for shifting the key signature within a tone net?
Alternate picking vs down picking
Are octaves, fifths, fourths and thirds considered as &quot;consonant&quot; in all music cultures?
Learning the musical concepts in the book &quot;G&#246;del, Escher, Bach&quot;
Why can I sing in key?
What makes an interval &quot;Perfect&quot;?
Name for descending semitones under a repeating musical phrase?
How to choose drum pitches?
Why does the following chord progression sound good?
What is a session musician?
What does it mean to be able to write a fugue?
Music Notation - Little notes
What are the shared fundamental components of Baroque and Minimalist music that make them sound similar?
What is the benefit of soaking double reeds in water?
How does one change bow hair?
Bach&#39;s Well-Tempered Clavier Order
J. S. Bach&#39;s place in musical history
Capitalization of key names (C Minor vs. c minor)
Keeping time when tired
How can I develop an interesting or challenging 8-Beat rock rhythm?
How do I train myself to sing pure vowels?
What&#39;s the difference between the &quot;smooth&quot; strings and the &quot;rough&quot; strings?
What is a string skipping exercise?
Tips on playing with wah-wah for beginners
How do you care for your guitar?
How do I properly stretch my newly strung strings?
What is an atonal mode?
What is a &quot;death cap&quot; ?
What are some qualities to consider when purchasing a cello?
How do you successfully share another drummer&#39;s kit at a show?
How high from the ground should the keyboard from a piano be?
What exercises can I do to improve my timing?
Bass Guitar - Practicing and Improving
Tips on counting and playing odd time signatures
The vocabulary of directions in fretted instruments
What exactly is Bootleg in electronic music?
Glissando that ends on a flat
Scale modification in sus2 and sus4 chords
How can I move beyond learning songs?
What is the name of the interval Db - D#?
Are there any publicly available databases for automatic polyphonic music transcription?
Could B♭ instruments be built in C? Why are they in B♭ in the first place?
How can I reduce the echo/reverb in a large room if I can&#39;t add physical damping?
How do I develop a bass voice?
The differences between natural, harmonic and melodic minors
Guitar chords high on the neck
Why is a C7 chord named a dominant seventh chord?
Classical examples of a &#39;fifth voice&#39; or &#39;ghost soprano&#39;
Is it bad for a piano player to work out?
Is my mandolin broken?
How to interpret this chord notation?
How to tell the time signature of a song by listening?
What is a Neapolitan 6th?
What exactly is the act of playing behind the beat?
Why do electric guitars have narrow necks?
What does &quot;silonveut&quot; mean?
What do I do when my long fingernails for classical guitar interfere with playing piano?
Looking for a high level Music Programming language
Synth sounds that make good solo instruments but don&#39;t mimic pianos, organs etc?
In electronic music equipment and software, what are some good ways of cutting costs without sacrificing quality/effort?
Why is IV-iv-I an effective chord sequence in a major key?
Instruments that challenge your ear
If between E and F is a halftone, why can F not be an E#
What is balanced audio all about?
How do you organize your set list for a gig?
How to record a piano with high quality?
Why would a teacher ban the metronome altogether?
Playing one hand loudly and the other quietly
Are Hanon exercises mindless unmusical repetiton or a great way to develop finger strength and dexterity?
My ear is not very well trained - what can I look for as easy hints when trying to identify a ii-V-I progression in blues music?
Is learning an instrument online a bad idea?
How to build up endurance for bass trombone after many years away
Will my wind instrument be damaged if I leave it assembled?
Important to know which note you are playing?
What components make military music especially rousing?
Cleaning a tarnished flute
When were the Db piccolo and the Eb horn phased out of the wind band?
Is there any difference between a soprano trombone and a slide trumpet?
What is the difference between Kurzweil Mark Pro 1, 2, and 3 Pianos
Is reading notes without an instrument a good way to practice?
How do I choose my first guitar for self-learning?
What&#39;s a good strategy for adjusting pole pieces?
What is a &quot;Circle of Fourths&quot; chord progression?
Tips for playing outdoors in cold weather?
What to look for in an independent luthier?
How do you mic a guitar amp?
Why does my thumb hurt when I play bar chords?
Amp picking up radio stations
What is the (Practical) theory behind applying chords for a Song?
What should a guitarist learn first: Rhythm or Lead?
Learn guitar chords?
Right hand accuracy
Will hanging a guitar by its headstock damage it?
Guitar tutoring software that listens to your playing?
Singing: How to pre-visualize harmonies
What gives a piece of music its personality and feeling?
Do distortion pedals work well with tube amps? Or should I use a tube screamer?
Valve (tube) amps and clean tone
What scales are suitable for funk? Is there a funk scale?
What are the pros and cons of Traditional Grip vs. Matched Grip for snare and drumset?
Is there any midi software that can display in real-time the notes I play next to the &quot;real&quot; score?
Why is a note sometimes a 4th and sometimes an 11th?
Able to recall music in its correct key, but don&#39;t have perfect pitch -- what is it called?
Help me understand this progression
Falsetto voice in women
When should falsetto be used for a male voice?
Criteria for speeding up when practicing with a metronome
With sheet music, what happens with sharps and double sharps that are already sharped in the key signature?
Can a scale contain both a sharp and a flat note?
Is there a preferred string gauge for different styles of music?
When practicing a song with frequently changing time signatures, what is the best way to count in?
What kind of effect does practicing on difficult to play instruments have?
Do I need a teacher to learn violin?
What does &quot;NC&quot; mean?
Beatles - Because: Chord progression
Basic Punk Rhythm Guitar--Snare Feels Like Down Beat
How can I do rough vocals without hurting my voice?
Is it acceptable to play the same note simultaneously on different strings on cello?
How can I improve my piano accompaniments?
Electronic drums in apartment
What are the ABRSM graded examinations, and why would one want to take them?
What is a reasonable price for a performance?
How can I force LilyPond to repeat a chord symbol (relates to alternate endings)?
What is the purpose of the mixolydian scale?
What are all these symbols in some old sheet music?
How do you play loud notes on the piano without slapping the keys?
How to know if it&#39;s a mode or scale?
Unknown Notation - Thick Horizontal Bars Between Notes
Why do harmonics sound good?
What is harmonic mixing / mix in key?
Why do I get more tired when I play on stage?
Guide-lines for creating a simple chord-progression?
How to translate rock guitar style to keyboards?
Score analysis: Minuet in G Minor BWV Anh 115
Maximizing Practice Time
Should the dominant-seventh chord in just intonation use 9:5 for its seventh, or rather 16:9?
What does a single square bracket next to a single note mean?
C#m in Am chord progression
&quot;Correct&quot; notation for a minor chord?
Where can I go to play an acoustic piano regularly?
Understanding a Chinese guitar tab
How to develop rhythmic sophistication in writing music?
How to identify a particular song or piece?
What defines pop music as a genre? Which patterns and trends can we find in pop music?
What exactly constitutes a PhD in music?
Baroque music composed in the 21st century
Circle of fourths in Jazz
Using two microphones for vocals
What determines how hard it is to press a guitar string?
How important is to reach the bottom limit of the key when pressed?
How to make swell effect on electric guitar?
Is circular breathing something an oboist needs?
Playing guitar with webbed fingers
Why are notes named the way they are?
Why do notes have multiple names?
What is the theory behind scales?
What&#39;s the difference between overtones and harmonics?
What does the &quot;+&quot; symbol mean in a keyboard piece when attached to a note?
What is this electrical thing in my piano?
What does it mean that a Stratocaster is vintage?
What is the definition of &#39;playing in the pocket&#39;?
Why would expectations of students vary largely between instruments?
Tips for how to stay calm before a concert
Keeping both hands (and arms) strong for better stick control
What is the difference between &#39;martel&#233; and &#39;d&#233;tach&#233;&#39; bowing?
Well-known composers or piano pieces generally suitable for someone with small hands?
Is playing an out-of-tune instrument damaging to the musical ear?
Is it harmful to use an electronic tuner to check intonation while practicing ?
How can I improve piano proprioception?
Guitar produces hum due to poor soldering
Should I worry about painful fingertips?
What is true bypass?
Is it necessary to learn the names of fret notes?
What changes in the amp when I adjust its presence?
What is the difference between analog and digital effects pedals?
Do I need to have my guitar re-set up if I change the string gauge
What is the the Nashville Numbers system?
Beginning Slap Bass
What kind of guitar exercise is &quot;the caterpillar&quot;?
How do I improve my picking and fretting speed?
What should I look for in a good metronome?
My guitar goes out of tune at a higher pitch rather than lower, is that normal?
Does using a capo put you out of tune?
Are there some classical pieces that lend themselves well to guitar?
How can I develop a regular rehearsal programme?
What is &quot;Phrasing&quot; in the context of playing a Solo?
What are most common effects (pedals) for Post-rock music genre?
How do you know what beat to emphasize based on the time signature?
What can I build into my guitar and use the &quot;tone pots&quot; buttons to adjust?
What does it mean to play in an &#39;arpeggiated&#39; style on the guitar?
What kind of ear protection offers the best compromise between protection and sound fidelity?
Basics of stage presence for guitarists
What does the distance between a pickup and strings do for the sound?
Are there alternatives to developing calluses when learning guitar?
How do I know when to stop singing?
What is the full list of possible chord names? Are there chords that don&#39;t have a name in chord theory?
What online resources should I use to learn harmony and musical analysis?
Teaching rhythm to a beginner
What are the most common ways to &quot;decorate&quot; a melody?
What are the feelings &amp; emotions behind chords?
Why does this note sound like it is not played?
Collective word for sharps and flats in the key signature
Is the sound of a semi-hollowbody guitar significantly different from that of an equivalent solid body?
How does the piano middle pedal work? Is there a standard symbol for it?
&quot;slash&quot; chords, e.g. B/F♯ - are these only for inversions, or can any note be the bass note?
What is distinctive about the Hammond B3 organ?
How to correctly position your larynx when singing?
What to look out for when buying a super-cheap used guitar
Four dotted sixteenths in a triplet
What is the device used to draw 5-line staff (empty) with a pencil/pen?
Is there anything quantitative/qualitative about tone?
Is there a name for this sort of ambiguity with respect to the rhythm of a piece, and/or is this a recognized technique in composition?
Is there a common left hand position in accordion?
What does &#39;on&#39; mean in chord notation?
Music Theory: Frequencies related to playing a note on guitar
What makes a song a &quot;rock&quot; song?
Does weight and/or body frame have anything to do with singing?
Is there a technique to help you memorize the notes on the guitar?
How do I read this text-only musical notation from Wikipedia
Breaking out of pentatonic scales for guitar riffs
What value does practicing without paying attention to what you do have?
How to improve the blend between male and female voices on the same part in a choir?
Getting started with an electric guitar and Rocksmith as an absolute beginner
Effect of nickel cover on Telecaster bridge pickup?
Does the kind of wood used in making a violin affect its sound?
What are some good/interesting ways to exit a circle of fifths section?
Playing Guitar Tabs on Piano?
Getting a youth band to look up
Trill measure 29 3rd movement moonlight sonata
Why note B is marked with H in Scandinavia and Germany?
Difference between Baritone and Euphonium
What is the reason for pitch inflation?
I find myself making the same mistake when practising - despite focussing on that part- how to remedy?
What&#39;s the theory behind the &quot;80s&quot; sound of a song?
How to identify the guitar chords of a song
E flat or E natural in score of Beethoven String Quartet Op 131?
What is this device strapped around the nut of an electric guitar?
Why does the dominant chord contain a flattened 7th?
How should I inspect a used piano prior to purchase?
C in Treble or Bass Clef
What is this scale? [Root , +1 , +3 , +1 , +2 , +1 , +3 , +1 (Root again)]
How much does an electric guitar&#39;s body physics affect the tone, playability, etc?
Learning Piano without a teacher
Singing an opera &quot;all&#39;italiana&quot;
Why does taking an extended break sometimes help?
What kind of temperament to play Monteverdi with?
How to calculate the tempo of a song in numbers and find the Italian terms?
Planning for intensive guitar practice
Do accidentals override key signature?
Understanding minor key harmony
Practicing guitar for 10 minutes on every 50 minutes work cycle
Difference between &quot;Bar&quot; and &quot;Measure&quot;
Odd symbol in B&#233;la Bart&#243;k&#39;s Mikrokosmos Book 1
What are the true frequencies of the piano keys?
Interval of a 4th above the bass
How do I approximate instruments when arranging an orchestral piece for brass ensemble
I&#39;ve &quot;lost my voice.&quot; What physically happened to my vocal physiology?
Why is the bass clef indicated twice on the same line in this Bartok piece?
Why do wind bands use a concert Bb for tuning?
What are the significant schools of 20th century music theory?
Practice before a gig - bored of material
How to choose a key signature for a song that modulates often?
Why would a guitarist use a microphone and direct output from an acoustic guitar?
Song Structure: What&#39;s up with Verse/Chorus/Verse 2/Chorus/Verse 3/Bridge/Chorus?
How to improvise a walking bass line
What makes a song sound &quot;folk-y&quot;?
What is the difference between monitors and (loud)speakers in technical terms?
When is it a remix, and when is it a cover?
Are there guitar strings for very high tunings?
In &quot;All we like sheep have gone astray,&quot; are we laughing with Handel or at him?
Origin of the &#39;squigly line&#39; used for quarter note rest?
Does a diminished first exist?
How cold is too cold to move a piano?
Is Emajor the dominant chord in A minor?
What physical effects cause ageing/worn guitar strings to change their tone?
Why does B work as a bass note against F7 in Bb?
I&#39;m tonedeaf. If I sing to my baby, will I damage his/her musical ear?
What did ancient cuneiform notation look like, and how did it work?
Progression path from an apprentice to a guru in music theory?
What key could the progression Cm - G - Dm - Am be in?
What is transcribing music supposed to teach?
How does a pipe organist deal with latency or delay?
Did baroque composers expect you to &quot;bring out&quot; the voices in their pieces, the way today&#39;s critics seem to enjoy in players?
When did keyboard partitions start to use the G-clef for the upper staff ?
How can I get the most out of my practice time?
How to overcome the frustration while you are developing demanding techniques?
Performance practice of Viennese Waltz
How can I prevent the noise my guitar pick makes?
What to play instead of chords with an informal group?
brass: bending notes upwards
Learning an alternative moving-do solfege -- futile?
How To Improve My Sightreading?
The skinny on neck constructions. Is it all about tone?
Where should I put delay pedal, before reverb or after?
Can you make your own Leslie Speakers?
What is a good solo to learn in the Dorian mode?
How can I effectively secure guitar strings to the tuning pegs?
How to work out a strum pattern?
What are the advantages of point to point (PTP) wiring?
Should I learn to read standard notation?
What are some of the things that influence a player&#39;s &quot;tone&quot;?
What features should I look for in my first bass guitar?
What is an &quot;open tuning&quot;?
I need help understanding the concept of chord inversions.
Acoustic/Electric Guitars
Should the picking hand little finger be resting on the guitar?
How to embrace the metronome after years of bad habits?
My fingers ache after practice. What can I do about it?
How to figure out what key a piece is in?
Tapewound strings on an electric bass
How important is it to have an EQ pedal in your chain?
What is this technique called?
How far “off” can a piano unison be and still be considered “in-tune”?
Equivalent Key Signatures
guitar cabinet: why not just use a PA speaker cabinet?
What are the various methods of tuning the guitar?
Music Theory for a Beginning Drummer
Techniques for memorizing a musical idea and &quot;saving it to paper&quot;
Causes of sharp pain in a fretting finger after playing guitar or bass?
How to start learning FingerStyle guitar?
What methods can I use to aid note accuracy when playing a Theremin
What can I do about my problems with piano scales which manifest in just one direction?
Is assignment of notes to measures totally arbitrary?
Is it possible for a left hander to learn guitar right handed?
The same note on two staves
With regards to piano sheet music, when are you supposed to press the pedal(s)?
Can an accidental carry over to the next measure?
Lead sheets / fake sheets without score
What are the differences between an American and Mexican Fender Stratocaster?
Dissonance across different octaves
Learning to play bass guitar: Fretless vs Fretted
What is a 13th chord?
How common is perfect pitch?
Noise while not touching guitar strings or metal parts
Can I split guitar string gauges?
How does one start learning music theory?
What does &quot;TAG for Three-part voices&quot; mean?
When playing in a minor key, will the chords be minor as well?
Small natural above C in G Major
Power chord: Can the lower fifth be used?
Can someone explain the rhythm of a Mazurka?
What does a duplicated note in a chord mean?
How can I easily manage different tunings?
Why is my voice lower pitched when I get up in the morning?
When using strict alternate picking, is it OK to play a downstroke twice in order to start a new phrase on a downstroke?
Is a digital or acoustic piano a better option for a beginner (sound and feel)?
What does it mean to be tone-deaf musically and how does one improve?
Polymeter vs Polyrhythm
How to play together online?
String configuration on a bass guitar
Proper technique for screaming vocal style
How does string gauge affect intonation?
Chord naming conventions: add2 versus add9
Is my Yamaha guitar counterfeit?
Melody improvisation over chords
How best to setup an acoustic guitar for multiple tunings?
Who plays the chords during a live performance when lead guitarist is soloing?
Putting steel strings on a cheap nylon guitar
What is a &quot;Naturstimme?&quot;
Alto singing Tenor
String sticking to the fretting finger - how to avoid?
How to make songs with chords that don&#39;t belong in a scale?
How to make melodies effectively?
What is this type of shift called?
Are odd time signatures perceived as execution errors by layman people?
What does &quot;al primo&quot; mean?
Why do jamming musicians &quot;trade fours&quot; (rather than any other number)?
Why are two pitches considered a chord?
Walking bass line over an auxiliary diminished scale
Composing For Drums as a Non-drummer
How to sing better in a band situation?
Trill in Bach fugue WTC 1 BWV 851
Do I need to use a guitar capo for this song?
Do people who read RTL languages read LTR standard notation?
What musical tropes make sci-fi music recognizable?
Can music theory help hobbyist instrumentalist get better at playing?
Is it possible to differentiate Major scale and Minor scale by ear?
Chord analysis: b13 or #5
Which chords are recommended for checking guitar tuning?
What is the secret of jazz phrases?
What are the benefits of determining form before composing?
How to notate two identical notes ringing together?
How to interpret a switch from Em (Aeolian) to Bm?
Altering the sound of a guitar to match a sitar
Is a high A in the key of D flat still flat?
How to learn piano without owning a piano?
Pentatonic scale with a sharpened 2nd note, any name?
Is it okay to sit on guitar combo amplifier?
Slightly tone-deaf?
Do songs written in certain modes not have keys?
What is a typical career path to become a conductor?
How do I read this notation?
Why do we need modes?
Will Playing a Guitar Through a Bass Set-Up Damage the Amplifier and/or Speaker?
Why is the melody sometimes played a half tone higher a few last times?
Does string length affect intonation?
What does circled letters mean over sheet music?
What is the difference between a musical and a rock opera?
Why is the choice of key considered so fundamental in Classical music that it often effectively becomes part of the name of the composition?
Techniques for &quot;Dynamics&quot; with Distortion on Electric Guitar
What is the proper humidity range for an acoustic guitar?
Math PI represented musically
Why were sound effects like the gunshot included in the General MIDI (GM) standard?
What does Grt. and Sw. mean in this organ score?
What is tritone substitution?
What gives the sitar its characteristic sound?
What do dotted stave lines mean?
How do I write music down from a recording?
Why “delta” chords?
Use of Music Theory in Composition
Is there a name for a chord which combines the major and minor thirds of the root?
Does Chinese music avoid counting in 4s?
What is the proper way to play A-Flat scales on piano?
Keeping rhythm when performing live without a drummer
Note bending on harmonica
What are some useful ear training exercises for moving beyond two-note interval training?
In what order shall I introduce traditional music theory concepts to adults using solfege?
How to remove all traces of rosin from a bow ?
Training and Influences of J. S. Bach
How do you get into &quot;deep practice&quot; mode?
What do the 3/4 and 4/4 numbers mean?
What is a good software that allows on-the-fly looping?
Breathing practice for harmonica
Can one play acoustic/classical music with an electric guitar?
Why is the piano such a commonly used instrument?
Music Cognition
Identify this chord: F# (bass) + C + E + A
Soundproofing a room for drum set practice
What are good techniques to bend notes on brass instruments
How can I learn circular breathing?
How can I learn Cuban/AfroCuban and Latin Jazz piano?
How can I learn to growl?
Balanced triodes. Gimmick, or worth the money?
String buzz on bass guitar
What do the different tubes in an amplifier do?
Free exercise books
Recommended arm and hand position for neck side
Is anyone able to outline the purpose of these controls?
How do I set up a bass guitar?
How do you tune your guitar?
What electric guitar string set should I use to go down to B?
&quot;х&quot; on tablature - how do I play it?
What time signatures are used in flamenco and related styles?
What can be done about a buzzy sitar-like fret?
How can I stop my electric guitar strings from rusting so quickly?
What is the Linear Harmonic Transform?
Lowering the action on a bass guitar
How do I develop a good vibrato?
What are some good slap guitar resources?
Is there any way to improve the life of my capo?
Restringing a 12-string guitar with heavier strings - is it possible?
What makes african blues so distinctive?
What do they mean by &#39;This amp has a lot of headroom&#39;?
Dealing with sharp fret ends
Playing Tricky Harmonics
Getting consistent tone from barre chords
Fingers Too Short for Barre Chords?
Are there any books or videos out there that teach you SLOWLY and do not focus on learning TABS?
What exactly does &quot;feat.&quot; mean?
How can I easily translate between a key and a key signature?
Guitar scales further up the fret board.
How will a long break affect a singer&#39;s voice?
Acoustic guitar: How to stop right index finger nail from wearing away?
Pros and cons of different types of vibrato on trumpet
Guitar chords for samba
What tempo is Agitato?
How to hold a bass guitar while playing
Importance of sight reading for non-professional jazz guitarists?
How should I go about choosing a beginner drum kit?
What is the importance of tempo and time-signatures?
What is the technical term for Bass &#39;growl&#39; or &#39;roar&#39;?
Theory of improvisation
When singing, how to avoid being distracted by vocal harmony or other vocal lines?
On the piano, how should you play staccato with the pedal?
Logical way to learn movable scales on guitar?
Is a very cheap drum kit an impediment to learning?
How to be expressive?
A total newbie wants to learn how to write songs. What does he need?
Why does closing a recorder bell raise the pitch sometimes and lower the pitch other times?
How to close the gap between ideas and capabilities when improvising?
How to bend and release without flicking the other strings?
How can I learn to sing and play an instrument (like Piano) at the same time?
Why does this key change work?
Why is Italian the standard for expressive markings in music?
Different types of grace notes
Why do the notes of a blues scale sound good with the I, IV, and V chords?
What factors affect a guitar&#39;s ability to sustain a note?
Why shouldn&#39;t you use your thumb on black notes (Harmonium / Keyboard)
Why is the highest frequency on a piano 4186 Hertz?
Is there such a thing as a silent drum set?
Can I easily defret a normal guitar to play it as a fretless guitar, or do I need to alter it further?
How to develop soloing vocabulary
How do you keep your mental accuity up during an extended practice session?
Electric fretless bass guitar intonation
Do different modes have the same cadence structure?
Voice leading confusion
Was the pitch A given that letter because the minor key was originally the &quot;basic&quot; mode?
Why is it common to write tuba sheet music in concert pitch?
Why are some measures separated by double lines?
How do I use string gauge tables?
What should I consider when I see a loosen hair in a violin bow?
What&#39;s this rhythm called?
What guitar tunings allow many chords without fretting between &quot;live&quot; strings
What to do when we have back pain from playing guitar after a while?
Can I learn an instrument just by practicing songs?
What do the terms &quot;arco&quot; and &quot;ten.&quot; mean?
What changes were made to Dvoř&#225;k&#39;s Cello Concerto by Wihan?
What are good warm-up exercises for guitarists?
Can&#39;t feel meter when playing
Should the soloist watch the conductor?
Drumsticks: Nylon Tip vs Wooden Tip
How to recreate a sound on a synth
Is there any way i can increase the life of my drum sticks?
How to know which scale a song uses?
Nailcare for guitarists?
Are augmented fourth allowed in second species counterpoint?
How to organize/categorize compositions
Is there a sound theoretical reason why a capella choirs &quot;drift off&quot; of the starting pitches in a piece?
What are the arguments for and against over-practicing?
guitar scales: where to start
Really light electric guitar strings and the blues
How much work do DJ&#39;s do?
How should I practice before going into the recording studio?
Trumpet improv harmonics?
Classical music theory notation for chord inversions (figured bass)
How to avoid excessive bow-hair damage when playing &quot;scratch percussion&quot; on string instruments?
Why aren&#39;t intervals zero-indexed?
How to test all three piano pedals
Why is it considered wrong [for a singer] if shoulders rise when breathing?
Using the Dorian Mode
Getting rid of performance &#39;tics&#39;
Can I produce all the sounds on my computer that external synths can?
What is the difference between the classical and contemporary method of teaching instruments?
Are there any &quot;etudes for the orchestra&quot;?
Decrease bpm and practice
How do I practice harmonizing in singing?
Harp Tuning Tendencies
How to insert cautionary key signature before repeat mark using Sibelius 7
Was the viola da gamba or violin particularly associated with England in the late 16th or early 17th century?
Is there a highest note representable on sheet music without using an octave higher notation?
Dyslexia and sheet music
What are the fundaments of Harmolodics?
Does a guitar ebow work on bass?
What can I do to make cover song to be more interesting?
In jazz, what is diatonic substitution?
What use is knowing how many sharps or flats a key signature has?
How can I avoid getting loud picking sounds on a distorted electric guitar?
Why must the final bar complete the anacrusis?
H-S-H vs H-H what can do one and can&#39;t another?
Vivaldi&#39;s &quot;The Four Seasons&quot;, Who Chose the Title?
What indicators enable consumers to identify counterfeit guitars?
What do these beamed half notes mean?
Why does Fux use F# in his counterpoint to a firmus written in G mixolydian
What are the difficulties of playing a musical saw?
Best option to practice piano whilst away from home?
What is a secondary dominant chord?
Is there a minimum of notes and chords i need to determine the key of a song?
How would you describe F G A chord progression?
Where did the term backbeat come from?
Harmony and roman numeral analysis: how to deal with chromaticism?
Is the particular skill of singing the melody correctly necessary to be able to play the trumpet?
Stringing alternatives on classical guitar (headstock)
What does it mean when there are two time signatures
What is Debussy&#39;s influence on bebop?
Carved fingerboard between frets on a guitar
How were tuning/temperaments indicated on scores (if they ever were)?
Is it possible to learn theory without sight reading?
What&#39;s the difference between two notes played on strings of different thickness?
Can I write a program to calculate the BPM of my mp3s?
What does &quot;gajo&quot; mean as a musical directive on sheet music
Is it possible to create a completely new genre of music
Finger Picking vs. using a Pick on Bass Guitar
XLR vs 1/4 (jack/TRS/TS) output on digital piano. What is better to connect to audio interface?
Tips for increasing loudness while mastering in Ableton Live
Does 3/4 time signature differ from 6/8?
Basic effects for bass
The difference between self-taught and professional pianists
What&#39;s the earliest known piece of polyphonic music?
Did they ever make a double bass this huge?
What is the meaning of &quot;4/2 ₵ II?&quot;
Is playing blindfold a good practice method?
How to tune a guitar/bass without a tuner?
Preparing for my first jazz gig
How can I produce any melody on my guitar as effortlessly as I do with my voice?
What kind of edition and tuning to use to study Bach&#39;s fifth cello suite ?
Sibelius op .75 Number 5: is the composer a bit sloppy, is my edition a bit sloppy, or am I missing something
Should fingerboard tapes be used for beginner violinists ?
What are good sources for free orchestra scores?
Comprehensive theory book
Why choirs consistently go flat or sharp in certain keys
How can I stay informed of new art music?
Beginning to learn the transverse C-flute : with offset-G key or inline-G key?
What can I do to minimize damage to my picking hand wrist as I practice guitar?
Composition of music suitable for concentration
What would you call all-drum instrumental music?
Jazz piano versus classical piano
Are there reasons to choose between a round-section or an octogonal-section bow?
Does a covering on a humbucker pickup make a difference?
What is a good guitar solo to learn in the minor scale?
We got together with another guitarist. What can we play together?
What&#39;s causing this buzzing sound on the high e string?
What is a guitar truss rod?
How can I &#39;clean&#39; up my bass fretting?
Wireless Guitar Systems
How to become a good musician at a later age?
Can I build an EBow myself?
What sweeping (for bass guitar) techniques are out there?
What is a ghost note ?
What does the circle around a note mean in a guitar chord diagram?
What kind of guitar for big hands?
What chords are used often in &quot;Funk&quot; - Why?
Does anyone make nylon strings for a standard acoustic guitar (non-classical)?
How does The Talkbox work?
What is a violin electric bass?
Flat-wound vs round-wound strings
Online counterpoint materials
How can I get the instrumentals for a song?
I&#39;m a musical novice. Can I start my child off on piano?
Need help with a measure within Mozart&#39;s &#39;Rondo alla Turca&#39;
What&#39;s the best method for learning how to play triplets over quavers?
Deciphering the series of numbers shown for songs in a hymn book
How to learn guitar without physical lessons?
Piano: Significantly right hand arrangement styles/composers
What is the best way to introduce my 4 year old to harmonica?
Are there vocal exercises that can be done through the course of the day while doing other things?
Is looking for chord after having the melody unusual?
Software for trying out 19-TET (and others)
Small bugs in my classical guitar
What are the pros and cons of the Suzuki method of the piano teaching vs. traditional piano teaching methods?
Is there a specific name for Sheet music that uses numbers (二胡 &#200;rh&#250; Sheet Music)?
&quot;Standard&quot; drum notation alternatives
How do I double tongue on a recorder?
Why do marches usually end with a repetition of the last note?
Do accidentals on ornaments carry over to the other notes in the measure?
Understanding the elements of harmony in &quot;honky-tonk&quot; or ragtime style piano
Acoustic pianos with weighted keys
Relative Major/Minor keys question
Why do these two songs seem impressive yet are easy to &quot;sing&quot;
How is electronic music performed live?
How to improve/train pinky dexterity for guitar playing (after long absence)
How to predict the loudness of an amp based on description
Playing trombone with a beard?
How do you quickly form this C7 shape on guitar?
Which advanced chords can I use for a song composition in scale of G?
Could a group of musicians play a new piece by sight-reading on first attempt?
How to go learn through a book
What is bad about Roman Numeral Analysis?
Is it better to practice a single lick / part exclusively until you master it, or to practice a number of things at once?
Is there a name for the screeching sound made when changing chords on a guitar?
Why play out of scale notes as part of a chord?
What are some objective ways to measure improvement as a singer?
How can I evaluate the quality and value of a violin?
What are &quot;nodules&quot; and how do you avoid them?
Why do classical guitarists recommend putting the left thumb between the index and middle finger?
Can I play `A scale` song on a `C scale` harmonica?
How can I improve my note accuracy and intonation?
Learning flute as a saxophone player
What can I do to learn violin before going to a teacher?
Finding the &quot;Starting point&quot; when creating a composition or score
Is it easier to play on a Grand Piano than an Upright Piano?
Raised leading tones in Phrygian mode counterpoint
Is it a coincidence that &quot;blue&quot; notes are &quot;chromatic&quot;?
What does an &quot;L&quot; shape mean beside a note in the lower staff?
What do you call a Major chord with a natural 4?
8 beats per measure
How do you practice Audiation (playing music in your head)?
German abbreviations for instrument names in score markings (Wagner - Tannhauser)
What is the difference between sharp note &amp; flat note?
How to properly vocalise and sing
How to know whether a note is to be played with the left hand or the right hand?
Drums: stiffening up when going for &#39;intense&#39; fills
Want to learn composing and producing music with a DAW. Where do I start?
Uses for augmented chords in composition
Are instructions on organ stop settings included in the notation of Baroque organ music?
Can you learn how to drum with the game Rockband 3 and e-drums?
Sound-to-color synesthesia - a good and helpful thing?
Looking for letter-based chord identification algorithms, and related literature
How to have a penetrating voice?
Why some measures are marked with a roman numeral and a dashed line?
Where did the British names for different note lengths come from?
How can I encourage a soloist to play louder?
How do I fix a loose joint in a plastic recorder?
Why do musicians prefer to play in certain keys?
Why does pedal order matter?
How do you play a grace note tied to the same principal note?
Correct terminology for chord inversions
Writing Arrangements
How to add verse-specific dynamic to sheet music
Why does tab have CGCGCE instead of normal EADGBE?
Finding and improving singing range and power
What is it called when a song starts with few instruments, and gradually adds one at a time?
What is the difference between male head voice and falsetto?
Can a 24-year-old learn to play violin/viola proficiently?
How to technically differentiate between wind instrument types (definition)
Which has more overtones: vowels or consonants?
Are low key harmonicas harder to bend?
Can I make Electronic Drums even more quiet?
Is there diference between black and white nylon in guitar strings?
Are there any enharmonic chords?
Does a guitarist need to know staff notation?
In piano music notation how are notes distributed between the staves?
Where are the bow, bell, and rim on a ride cymbal?
Difference between pre and post gain
Do the F clef and G clef always reside on the same line?
Piano fingering
Melody for haiku poem?
Is there such thing as a piano-like keyboard with all whole tones between two adjacent white keys?
Making sense of 5/4 time signatures
Do classical and rock musicians train with different goals?
Why are only even values used for note duration?
Fingertip care for guitarists
Why does palm muting give a higher output than a normally played power chord?
Why is bII 7(b5) considered a dominant?
Horn clefs across two staves
Tradeoff between powering off and leaving tube amplifier on during breaks
What is a &quot;Chord of Nature&quot;?
Recommendations for beginner chord practice
Authorship of Toccata and Fugue in D Minor, BWV 565
Naming convention for augmented 6th chords
Are the discrete hexachords of a tone row always either the same set class or z-related?
Lower guitar tuning
Are there any good online resources on how to build drums?
Is i-V a stronger progression than I-V?
What&#39;s the difference between genre and style?
Advantages/Disadvantages of a line out compared to a close mic system
How to give a song this sense of &quot;conclusion&quot;?
Closed hi hat and foot hat at the same time?
What is the difference between molto allegro and allegro di molto
Violin Sheet music - Finger 0 on non-open string note
Small note above a normal-sized note
Tied Db in Liszt&#39;s Consolation No. 3
How do instruments with discrete tuning play chords alongside those with continuous tuning?
How does the harmonic series affect consonance?
Triplets in 9/8 time
Pinky And Ring Finger Independence And Dexterity
Is it normal for frequent guitar playing to be accompanied by wrist pain?
What&#39;s a &quot;guide&quot; in the studio recording process?
Do some measures get no numbers, in an opera score?
File formats for sheet music
Is it considered poor skills if a (Western) classical singer has to cough during performance?
How can one categorize himself as a Beginner or Intermediate Guitarist?
Earliest-*known* use of a double leading tone cadence?
Rendering lilypond score into html page
How do I become a better electronic music producer?
Flat symbol in key signature and bar
Caffeine / Alcohol Before or During Rehearsal
How to give more depth to vocals when mixing?
Do all jazz musicians [in a band] need to know a song&#39;s melody?
Why do I sing a lot better post intense workout?
Different Simile Marks
Soft note marking
Musically Interesting Guitar Exercises
Knowing when your throat is open
Right hand position for mandolin
Does each note have a more specific name depending on its pitch?
What is the proper way to notate the end of a section played &quot;sul ponticello&quot;?
How can you tell if the singer is in pitch?
How does your brain learn to play the piano two-handed?
What is the &quot;unresolvable chord&quot;?
Does the line between the time signature have a name?
Why should I alternate fingers in this piece?
Any quick way to know if my tune is already used?
What does the arc under fingerings mean?
Different note head uses in MuseScore?
Is there a term for a chord progression that chromatically ascends or descends an octave?
What are the practical advantages of keyboards with non-weighted keys vs. weighted hammer action?
Different modes of pentatonic scale
What is it called when a music has two concurrent tempos
What are the characteristic intervals or scales of 13-limit harmony and beyond?
What do dots on the tempo&#39;s equal sign mean?
Exact pitch of blues scale notes
How to obtain a Clean yet Distorted guitar sound?
How can I learn to read bass clef score more naturally?
Do the violas often play the same parts as the violins in an orchestra?
What are the best techniques to play overtones in the saxophone?
What are good tips for remaining composed during one&#39;s first public performance?
Pinky is raised uncontrollably when doing finger exercise
Is Beethoven&#39;s 9th symphony the first piece that combined a chorus with an orchestra?
Fingering for octaves on the piano
Ic-V-I perfect cadence progression SATB part writing rules
Warnings/Comments/Suggestions for low brass player learning tenor sax?
When was the deceptive cadence introduced?
Does using a whammy bar detune your guitar?
Do cold/hot drinks have any effect on woodwinds and brass performers?
English translation for &quot;rubato&quot;
How much louder can a singer go safely above the conversation voice ?
Alternate violin strings for gypsy music?
What is the technique Adrian Belew utilizes through-out : &quot;Elephant Talk&quot; by King Crimson?
How do you prevent injuries from bad posture while playing classical guitar?
Emulating the tone of a Rickenbacker
Singing notes while playing scales
Factors in choosing a replacement saddle for an acoustic guitar.
Vertical wall mount / Holding a guitar by the neck
What to do? Programming, bass playing and RSI
Can I wind my own pickups?
Playing clean arpeggios on a lapsteel guitar
Fingers and fretboard
Hot guitar pickup
How do I go about de-fretting a bass guitar?
Fingerpicks - which styles are they used for?
What is a Birdseye Maple Neck?
Bending a Harmonic
Tips for a New Teacher
How can I keep my low end level constant across my strings?
What are the actual notes of each natural harmonic?
What to look for in adding a noise gate to electric guitar setup?
Building an electric guitar from scratch
Are there any headphones specially designed for guitar?
how does one use or apply lemon oil ?
How to get back on track after long absence
Are there any classification systems that categorize music by mood?
What interval should frets be placed for the Tar (Persian Lute)?
What is this called? Why is it allowed?
How can I improve my playing of faster finger runs?
Are fingertips supposed to hurt and get calluses from playing the violin ?
Useful tuning for 7 or 8 string guitars
Reinforcing an acoustic guitar&#39;s bridge
How can I learn 48 holes tremolo harmonica?
Do music students find practice journals useful?
Incorporating modes in solos
Recommend reading why we have 12 pitches and another metrics in microtonal music?
Using an electric bass guitar with a guitar amp / hi-fi system?
Why are instrumental tracks also called &quot;minus one tracks&quot;?
What is &quot;groove&quot;?
Are short fingers detrimental to becoming a pianist?
What happens when I start to get music &quot;down&quot; to the point where I can play it fluently?
Exercises for quickly identifying intervals on the staff
Should I lift my finger before I hit a key when playing a piano?
Manufacturer claims guitar&#39;s sound will improve the more I play it. Is that true?
How does the Risset Rhythm work?
Resources for learning to play the recorder
Why are the notes in a key signature in a specific order?
What is the true definition of Drop C tuning?
Organ technique for pianists
Whole finger callous - for barre chords?
How did &quot;Mary had a little lamb&quot; become popular blues?
Do accidentals in one staff apply to notes in other staffs?
What is the best way to become super-accurate on the piano?
How do you strum an upstroke without striking an unwanted string?
How do you play this tablature notation?
Adding accidentals that are already expressed by the key signature
How to do a finger roll on a doumbek
What are all those extra controls on the Fender Jazzmaster?
Piano tuning just under the absolute pitch
What are the pros and cons of doubling on two brass instruments?
Percussion notes in the vocals
Harmony analysis program
Is it possible for an unamplified acoustic bass guitar to be loud?
Is there a color code for notes?
Rhythm/Drum exercises without drums
Will a trumpet mute work in a cornet?
how do you choose the correct stem length for notes on a beam?
How could you make instrumental sounds come out of a computer?
Did Rostropovich ever play his Humoresque himself?
Do weighted keys on a keyboard lead to more expressive playing?
As of 2012, are there any companies producing electro-mechanical keyboards?
Using modes and static harmony
Right way of resting a guitar
What are the major differences in a composition of metal and progressive metal?
Can old batter heads be used as resonant heads?
&quot;Depression&quot; sensation after the beat, in electronic music
What characterises Irish drumming?
common mistakes made when singing
Why isn&#39;t there a reed aerophone with valves?
Is there a program that can show a score bar by bar in realtime playing?
Baroque Performance Tips
Should a violinist use hand strength exercisers? If so, what kind?
What should I look for in a ukulele amp
Weird light instead of pick?
How to avoid the &quot;clogged throat&quot; feeling when singing?
What is A flat to C minor?
What does an arranger do?
Performance of classic music
What should I look for in a recording microphone for personal use?
Dominant functioning as a Subdominant!
How do I know what size guitar strings I need?
How to decide whether my guitar is really bad
What is the difference between a collection of sounds and music?
Is a violin&#39;s shape (particularly the f-holes) necessary or is it just for aesthetics?
If Irish button accordions are typically B/C how and why are they often played in D or G?
Why is the whammy bar sometimes called a &quot;Tremolo&quot; arm?
Arbitrary length full-measure rests in Lilypond
How many lessons are necessary to pick up the basics of violin with sufficient practice?
How does countertenor vocal technique differ from &quot;standard&quot; vocal technique?
Why are these notes separated on the stave?
Sound spectrum to notes software
Why is the recorder a good instrument to start with?
Are minor sevenths allowed in baroque counterpoint?
Why in the study of counterpoint by johan fux are minor sixths allowed but not augmented fifth?
What are the rules for using diminished chords in part writing?
Instrumental Live Performance
Sticks moving in my hands (weak grip?)
What&#39;s the difference between a Flanger and a Phaser?
Why does some music sound faster than others even though its BPM is the same?
How would one create music based on the principles of Cubism?
What are the challenges I might face when I switch from electronic drum-kit (Yamaha DD65) to an acoustic drum-set?
Tips for singing while dehydrated?
How do you write a continuous arpeggio in sheet music?
How can I typeset a break or jump in my scores?
Is there a lilypond &#39;insert whitespace to fill line&quot;?
How to find out the Major and Minor chords of a scale?
How do you name chords in 20th Century Music? (Chords stacked in intervals other than 3rds)
How to recognize modulations by ear?
Beginner replacing guitar strings
Effective way to notate triplets
What is a &quot;D-10&quot; Chord?
Sarod rhythmic techniques (Hindustani classical music)
Do instruments get out of tune when you place them near a radiator?
Can the double stop E natural F sharp be played on cello?
Samba percussion for songwriters
History of screaming in music throughout the world
How to respectfully learn &quot;eastern&quot; music for guitar
Training muscle memory without focusing. Is it necessarily bad?
How can I play my new tenor recorder (a&#39;=440) along with someone playing a harpsichord (a&#39;=415)?
How can I notate this slur with LilyPond?
Understanding a digital tuner
How do I sing from chest voice to falsetto without missing notes in between?
What do scale fingerings have to do with musicianship in the context of college auditions?
In jazz, what is a guide tone?
My guitar pupil is a pregnant woman. Should she keep playing classical guitar?
Origin of the asymmetrical keyboard layout of a piano
What is the meaning of &#39;/5+&#39; in a chord?
How to make the most of practicing guitar
Define custom chord voicings in lilypond
The meaning of the word &quot;inversion&quot;
What is the rhythmic notation for 5/8 the duration of a whole note?
Which tones or sounds can be made with a cajon?
What is the best way to learn scales in order to improve improvisation/writing of lead guitar parts?
Why Move to a 7-String Guitar?
How does a flutist maintain a grip on the flute when the stops are open?
Moving from C to C6 on guitar
Music created specifically for aural training
Drum kit notation for crashes at section starts
Which scores are best for those who are new to analysis?
Best ways to remove excess tension from fretting hand?
What is this symbol, a line over the note heads?
How to determine the name of a chord from knowing the notes I am playing?
Pursuing a career in music
Can any diminished chord be used as V anywhere?
In Jazz, what is an avoid note?
In jazz, what is an upper structure triad?
Intended tempo of exercises in Fux&#39;s Gradus ad Parnassum
Learning music theory and music writing around guitar
How does bracing work?
What greater possibilities allows playing late from the conductor
What are the differences between blues and jazz walking bass?
Is it common to play several strings of a cello simultaneously?
Techniques for pitch shifting vocals while maintaining a natural sound
Max Size of a Chord
Proper symbol for this chord (1 5 7 9 11)?
What is meant by a &quot;release&quot;?
Term for a note in a chord, versus a note in a key scale?
What Scale is This?
Do power chords have some kind of function/meaning?
How to put PA speaker so I can&#39;t get any feedback?
What is the theory behind a chord progression like E, Bm, C#, A#, G and B?
Difference between recording with a microphone in front of the amp vs. using an amp simulator?
Why is a minor 3rd consonant but an augmented 2nd dissonant?
Common Practice Music Theory - Easier method to memorize 4-part harmony doubling rules?
Travelling with electric violin under revised airport security rules
Resources for &quot;popular&quot; counterpoint?
Managing page turns with a PDF file
Why are guitar strings numbered this way and not the other way around?
Can Imaj7(#5) resolve to I?
What&#39;s the difference between harmony and polyphony?
How much does a tailpiece affect the overall sound quality of an electric guitar?
How to play same note legato?
What is a good way to train one&#39;s mental resources for improvising?
Doesn&#39;t a major scale share all its notes with its relative minor and vice versa?
How can people stand on their double basses?
Is there a technique to &quot;extracting&quot; second voices from songs?
Is there a name for this: text syncopates otherwise unsyncopated vocal music?
Single reed mouthpieces: How do Facing Lengths, Tip Openings, and Chamber Sizes affect playing?
How to read these notes
Why are the chords C-E-G and G-C-E both considered C Maj?
Loose piece of wood inside violin
Does technicality detract from feeling?
What chord progressions are used in traditional Celtic music?
Practicing modes on the piano
What does this split stem notation mean?
Composing/Arranging for a String Quartet
What are &quot;Es&quot;, &quot;As&quot;, etc. chords?
Do I need a pop filter when I&#39;m recording guitars?
D major in a C major Chord progression?
Is it ever too late to learn guitar?
How can I get a violin sound from my electric guitar?
Which roman numeral should I use for F# diminished chord in the key F Major?
What does a circle before/between notes mean?
How to use delay with distortion/overdrive and/or a crunchy amp?
Roman numeral notation for a suspended chord?
Is it orthodox to use the pedal when playing Bach on the piano?
What do I need to start playing violin amplified?
Is there any difference between these two note values?
What is actually involved in moving a piano?
What is this musical symbol (inverted &quot;Z&quot; inside a staff)
What&#39;s the name of the phenomenon in which upon hearing same sound repeatedly, one begins to hear a rhythm?
Is making things over-complicated a common mistake for new songwriters?
How loudly should one sing while warming up?
Can a chord be both major and minor?
How can I get the vocals to stand out better in the mix when recording?
tips for writing the drum notes to a song in a band
Violin fingering schemes for different scales
How do you compose tuplets against straight notes?
Why was basso continuo not widely used after the baroque period?
Naming convention for trumpet mouthpiece size
Is there a standard efficient method of cleaning / maintaining a guitar?
Teaching a group of people of varying skill levels
When was the first recorded usage of a musical score?
Where can I find jazz piano scales to practice?
When is it proper (if ever) to extend time signatures (8/4 vs 4/4)?
Why is (stiffness/speed of sound-travel of the wood) important for a bow?
Is it useful to have different teachers?
Hang drum, what type of music is this?
Intermediate exercises for sight reading, specifically for reading ahead
What should I do about composing &#39;soft&#39; accents for piano?
Is grease good or bad for guitar strings?
Registering with a Performing Rights Organization
Does environmental (or food/drink) temperature have an effect on the voice?
Should I retrain myself to be a right handed drummer?
Violin Pickup that will sound like natural violin?
One-to-one techniques for improving ability to sing in tune
What types of guitars are used for spanish music?
Should I replace unwound strings on my acoustic guitar as often as the wound ones?
What are the most popular types or styles of pickups, and what is the genre of music most associated with them?
Silicon vs Germanium Fuzz
Effective learning from videos
Upgrade tuners or get a new guitar?
What are Tone Pots / Potentiometers?
Is there one or more &quot;proper&quot; finger picking styles/techniques?
Strings stick to pickup poles when the tremolo is depressed.
Do acoustic or classical guitars need to be set up?
is there any free tab viewer for GuitarPro files?
Does this guitar tuning have a name?
Using alternative tunings
How to achieve a glassy, edgy solo tone?
How do I write good tablature?
Should a Floyd Rose bridge be parallel to the body of the guitar?
Why is the guitar traditionally held by a strap, and not in the lap?
Do phase inverter tubes effect the sound of my amp?
Do we hit all 6 strings for upstrokes?
How to properly store valuable guitars?
What is the difference between &quot;Solo&quot; and &quot;Improvisation&quot;?
What is the best way to start learning to play guitar by ear
How to tell if my epiphone les paul is standard or standard plus?
What is this guitar?
Resources for learning the Blues
12-string acoustic guitar - how do nut and saddle materials affect tone?
How can I strengthen my fretting hand away from my guitar?
Improving my descending tapping technique
What is a chromatic scale?
humbucker vs two single-coils
Can guitar playing cause stiff fingers?
What is the downside of ultra-low action?
What is the difference between a flat and curved capo?
Tips for trying out effects (at a guitar shop)
How can I get a less directional sound from a loudspeaker?
In chord progressions, how can I refer to a chord that&#39;s out of the scale?
What is tremolo picking?
What kind of effects make this Korn sound?
How to hear yourself better at the rehearsal studio?
What defines the loudness of an acoustic guitar?
Non-fixed-frequency instruments playing by themselves versus with fixed-frequency instruments
How to start bass-guitar plucking?
What should I look for when determining the quality of guitar and pedal cables?
Good way to remember lyrics when covering songs?
Guitar Amplifier (Head versus Combo versus None)
Should I take piano class?
What technical difficulties will I encounter transitioning from violin to 5-string viola?
How to become a DJ
Can a 7/8 scale guitar be detrimental to my playing ability?
Collaborative remote music recording
Is there a good Guitar Chord building web site?
When and why should the conductor be separate or not from the musicians?
Adjusting clarinet or saxophone reeds
What are the disadvantages of buying a short-scale bass guitar
What are some resources for applying my computer skills to augmenting my musical performance?
How does someone safely develop intensity at an extremely high tessitura?
Should guitar be de-tuned when not in use...?
Mastering simple songs vs trying harder ones when learning to play the piano as a total beginner
Is it important for a guitarist to know how to use a pick?
Does one play a song better after &quot;sleeping on it&quot;?
what type of jazz guitar is this, and how can I learn it?
Why is the left hand stave missing from the piano sheet music?
Does Acoustic Blues Guitar Require Use of a Thumb Pick?
Free resource for pitch correction on a whole track?
Sousaphone for child
Is there a formal term for a recording&#39;s pitch being &quot;in the cracks&quot;?
F# major vs Gb major?
Does following &quot;musical forms&quot; suppress &quot;creativity&quot;?
Is it good/bad to play guitar with low tension string?
When decreasing string gauge on a bass guitar, will I need to adjust the truss rod?
What electric guitar strings are the most rust-resistant?
Assess child&#39;s ability or interest in music and piano
What are the optimal string gauges for drop C tuning on electric guitar?
Does the C chord change based on what key it&#39;s in?
Can legato notes be played staccato?
Is singing a matter of talent or practice?
Accepted ranges for SATB choral works?
Learning 4/5 trills on the piano?
How important is it for a guitar player to know the notes which make up a chord?
Is Beethoven&#39;s title &quot;Sonata quasi una Fantasia&quot; an oxymoron, and does the title instruct how to perform it?
Play high C-D trill on flute
Learning to trill without a trill key
Numerous questions about advanced guitar tablature notation
What&#39;s &quot;species counterpoint&quot;? Are there any other types of counterpoint?
How do I keep my larynx balanced when I am singing in my head voice?
What kind of acoustic guitars are good for rhythm playing?
Fingertip sensitivity/pain related to nail separation
How to keep from tensing up when I click the metronome faster?
What are some interesting ways notes and chords are spelled in cultures outside of the U.S.?
Physiological basis for note durations?
Is there a special way to notate a repeat for the right (treble) hand but not the left (bass) hand?
How do you start a regular jamming session?
Playing keyboard at a wedding
Is solfege systems octave-agnostic?
Repairing cymbals?
Lorem Ipsum in music
How to play repeating notes quickly in the left hand on the piano
What&#39;s the correct technique for strumming a guitar?
How can I use a trumpet in a pop rock band?
What are the Five Most Important Things to Learn?
How to remove a rusted or stuck mouthpiece?
Understanding the rhythmic structure of a song
Four dots over tremolo minim (half note with slash)
How do I stop a sensitive microphone picking up breathing when recording acoustic guitar?
How is this piano chord fingered in &quot;Graceful Ghost&quot;?
Is there a standard range for a baritone? What is it?
Do competent violinists avoid open strings?
&quot;Andalusian cadences&quot;: How are they commonly heard?
How can I rehearse and perform with PDF scores on screen instead of paper scores?
Does the bass note in a &quot;slash&quot; chord really have an associated interval?
Common names for sections of a piece of music
How can I play F&#252;r Elise well?
How does the performance of &quot;rubato&quot; differ in the classical and romantic styles?
What are the dos and don&#39;ts of positioning your thumb on a guitar?
What is the process by which singers identify their voice type/fach?
Some acoustic guitars are easy to play but some aren&#39;t. What affects playability?
cleaning trombone slide where outer slide is under the inner slide
Parallel octaves vs doubled octaves
What instrument can an old guy learn if the main goal is to write music
What factors affect the loudness of a drum?
Why do string players tend to breathe heavily in performance?
How does one keep roto toms in tune?
How to control unintentional, natural vibrato in singing?
What music notation software can handle this complex beaming?
What methods are there to determine when a violin string should be replaced?
How to prevent high pitch feedback when palm muting
Overcoming &quot;tracking nervousness&quot; when recording a take?
Transcribing a Standard MIDI File to sheet music
Drum set made from towels/pillows
How to practice endurance to be able to play boogie woogie pieces?
Comfortable notes in a key
Accidentals in First Species Counterpoint
Reading and Writing Drum Tabs?
Why do you need meter in music?
Valiha maintenance
How far do the supporting chords contribute to the tonality of Vi Hart&#39;s &quot;Twinkle Twinkle Little Star&quot;, and if they do, how?
Does a chord need to include its root?
How should I mic a violin in a live concert?
What&#39;s the correct notation for a full bar note or rest in non-common time?
Guitar fret out of tune?
What factors contribute most to the tone of an electric guitar?
Storing a flute
How does one read very loud or very soft dynamic markings (e.g. ffff, ppp)?
Difference between variation and development
Note naming convention while creating scales
Chord progressions ending in &quot;I&quot; at the end of a phrase vs. the beginning of the next
What is Tempo (Speed): Moderate 4
Breathing technique for younger brass band players
What frequencies should the violin and viola be tuned to?
Is there some trick for counterpoint beyond 2 voices?
what muscles are involved in singing, and does toning them improve singing?
References for typesetting music
Why is the guitar tuned E A D G B E?
Curved v. straight windway
How the time signature affects how to play a melody
How to determine the pitch of the auxiliary note in an ornament
Why Orlando Gibbons is considered &quot;the end of modality, the beginning of tonality&quot;?
Notating 6 (or more) triplets with a single beam?
Teaching young kids (7-9) basic piano and music fundemetals.
How accurate are the pedal indications of Bach - Busoni, solo piano works?
What is the word for the panel on a piano that is in front of the keyboard?
How to recognize the end of a piece of music
What is and what is not syncopation
Strumming, picking patterns for unusual time signatures
Voice lessons for children
What is a 7/6 chord?
What do you use to train your sense of rhythm?
Chords and Intervals - Unison
What are 5 and 6 note chords called?
When learning vocal, is it important to learn some other instrument as well?
What type of exercises should a guitar beginner do?
The Musical Effect of a Unison Ensemble
When transcribing a song and the speed doubles or halves, is it best to change the tempo and note values to reflect that or keep them the same?
How can a guitarist treat and avoid lateral epicondylitis in the fretting arm?
How do different strings (of the same gauge) affect the tone?
Improving Singing Clarity
How to establish a mode?
Max acceptable key range in piano chords
Nashville numbers in major vs minor keys
Is there a way to mitigate Floyd Rose Bridge movement during bending?
My guitar sounds off tune
Notes in small font
Am/C guitar chord help
Help me to find a way not to bar A-shape guitar chords with my ring finger
How much practicing time per week is enough to progress with piano for beginner?
How do I use my computer as an amp and effects processor
How to differentiate between a diminished fifth and an augmented fourth interval?
Why do people place amps on top of things?
First and second valves vs third valve
Do I play all the F&#39;s as sharp or just the one with the sharp in the space?
Is piano and recorder sheet music the same?
Guitar - How to play two-string mini-barre chords?
A Major Key Song for a Sad Lyrics - a Mismatch?
Why digital piano has more polyphony voices than there are keys on the keyboard?
How to use diminished scale over I IV V changes in blues
How much can transposing a song by a half step or a whole step help a vocalist?
Should my first bass guitar be expensive?
What are some practical tips to easily change tunings on stage?
Which strings do I need to play these notes?
Decide which chord to use
What happens if I leave the guitar for two months?
Do Neapolitan chords exist in modes with a minor second?
Guitar solo techniques
What kind of practice chanter do I need to start learning to play the Scottish small pipes
What is the name of the symbol like a combination of a mordent and f?
Why is 16/9 used for the minor seventh instead of 7/4?
Two consecutive mdi note-on of the same pitch misbehaving
Effect of illness on vocal range
How to get experience as a young conductor?
Top-aligning scores inside Lilypond \markup blocks
Pattern Identification: Rit. followed by a tempo
De-awkwardize middle G trill on recorder
How to interpret notes outside of the key signature?
What is the idea of &quot;transposing by perfect unison&quot;?
How can I practice rhythm awareness when singing and playing at the same time?
10,000 Hours Regime - Drums
Is there a general term for a single note or a chord?
Decking a Stratocaster bridge
How do I tell the difference between a borrowed chord and a key change?
How to check an acoustic guitar is solid top or not?
Where do I release the soft pedal in Ravel&#39;s Jeux d&#39;Eau?
What is the technical term for what the percussion is doing in this song?
Practicing all practical permutations of three-note chords on guitar
What&#39;s so off about the intro to Prokofiev&#39;s Dance of the Knights?
Exercising fingerstyle bass technique
Recorder sounds terrible with violin
Who invented modal Jazz?
Groups of eighths
What is the reason for the many manuals on a pipe organ?
Do you have to enjoy a lot of music to make the investment of learning the piano worth it?
Playing cello, should my left hand thumb clamps the neck like pliers do?
Tonnetz algorithms
Tuning hierarchy for orchestras
Parallel Fifths in Pachelbel&#39;s Canon in D?
From beginner&#39;s perspective, should I polish an easy piece or move quicker to advanced ones?
What are the benefits or drawbacks of playing different types of guitars?
Is there a pan flute type with fipples?
Why do strings break when I am not playing?
How to connect a line signal to a guitar amp?
Different trill notations in Schubert piano music
What&#39;s the difference between alnico and ceramic pickups?
Minor subdominant in a major key
How much of classical Arabic maqam music is improvised?
Complete Classical Guitar Course-Guide?
Guitar harmonics
How to choose a tuning for a fingerstyle arrangement?
How to keep the tempo still stable?
What are the distinguishing features of metalcore?
What is the four tonic system?
Intended shift of meter in certain songs?
Dealing with synthesized sounds where only a subset of tones sound good
Headphones for musicians
Notation for generic voicing
What is M-Base and how do I play it?
When to use different scale modes over chord progressions?
What is the difference between an amp and a head?
Why am I always sticking to minor keys?
My Jazz Piano Improv Phrasing Sounds Horrible
What&#39;s the name for the guitar technique where you use the edge of your pick on wound strings?
Electric Hard-Tail bridge driving me crazy
Right hand technique for low chromatic notes
How to get the harmonics of ZZTop?
Beethoven repeated sforzando
Is there any research showing that practicing some amount of minutes a day improves ability?
Why are melodies typically played or sung by high voices or instruments in an ensemble?
How to rosin a bow?
Is there a device that would be a mixer with multiple outputs to jam with headphones?
What is the purpose of the pop filter?
What things to look for when buying my first ukulele?
What is the difference between Electro and House?
Breaking In New Cello Strings?
Is this chord progression III I II III?
Difference between Polychords and Extended chords
When tuning a guitar, why is it only in tune for a moment?
Is it possible to plug one guitar into two amps?
How do enharmonic notes affect harmony and chord progressions?
Tuning Up Versus Tuning Down
How do I use slash chords in music composition?
Learning to play what you&#39;re thinking on the guitar
Melodic Minor - Uses
Why does this harmonic minor scale notation use a natural sign?
Methods of effectively recording drums (out of studio)
Is True Bypass better than Buffered Bypass? Is it possible to be neither?
What is this chord called that looks similar to power chords?
What is the nature of the signal between an electric guitar and an amplifier?
Debussy: Reflets dans l&#39;eau: Rhythm Ambiguity
Is there a general rule when to use a 9th, 11th, and 13th chord on piano
Alternative Analysis for Non-Functioning Secondary Dominants
What are the key points for holding effective auditions?
What exactly are complex sounds in terms of audio waves?
Do 1/2 size violins sound at normal pitch?
Why are 1/2 (or 3/4, etc) violins called that way if they are not 1/2 size?
How to teach the staff to a teenager?
How to compare clavinova models from different years?
Simple explanation of counterpoint?
Why are the natural notes on the staff special?
Limits of Fortissimo and Pianissimo
Can bass chord notes be different octaves after playing the root?
Left hand thumb position for ukulele
Strength of clarinet plastic reeds compared to wooden
Why is the reverb effect so much more pronounced on headphones?
What is the best way to learn to sing harmony?
More dissonant chords/intervals in the bass clef when frequency proportions are the same?
Historical origins of 8-count bars in dance vs 4-count bars in music
Put a cup of water inside a piano?
What staff affected by a dynamic mark?
Do we find music arranged according to Western Music Theory pleasing because of &quot;biological instinct&quot; or because of what we learn?
Why did composers write atonally?
Should I rest the bass drum beater on the skin or in air when playing a drum kit?
Why is the lowest note on the piano an A?
Really silent guitar practice
Lilypond staffs extend past end of music
How to play these overly extended intervals on piano?
Tablature vs. standard music notation? (guitar)
Why do we call the Hendrix chord 7#9 instead of 7b10?
Singing: holding on to the morning low notes
TS vs TRS cables to connect mixer to audio interface
How to tell if an electric guitar has good quality
David Brubeck&#39;s &quot;Take Five&quot; in 4/4 Time
If A minor doesn&#39;t have any accidentals, is it still minor?
Is it important to have three pedals on a digital piano?
Learning to keep time
Do triads sound strongest in second inversion?
Ηοw can I generate larger than the default images of chord diagrams using Lilypond?
Chord symbols for diminished and half-diminished
F on soprano recorder doesn&#39;t sound right
Computer-aided musicology
What is the earliest known use or indication of &quot;col legno&quot;
Building complex chords from Complex figured bass
The History of Southern Gospel and Spirituals
How do I describe the difficulty of my song?
Influences of Mozart
Can you directly start to learn the alto flute without beginning by the C-flute?
Covering songs by other artists - does money change hands?
Can vocal range extrema be reached by a lot of practice?
What to consider when selecting the number of keys for a keyboard
Do music theory books differ per instrument?
Cajon as Alternative to Drum Set?
What are good beginner books to follow for classical guitar (self study or otherwise) ?
What is meant by &quot;Top-End&quot; and &quot;Bottom-End&quot;?
Is a guitar body made out of mahogany generally lighter than a body made out of alder ?
What is a good solo to learn in the major scale?
Kahler tremolo bridge problems - how to test and fix?
Mark Knopfler picking finger patterns — Sultans of Swing intro
How to play upstrokes with our hand when playing an acoustic guitar?
Fretted notes sound &#39;off&#39; when another string is bent
What are the benefits and drawbacks of active pickups?
How to Calibrate / Setup an Electric Guitar?
I am bored with a metronome, should I get a drum machine?
how to do the Dimebag Squeal?
What are some harmonic options for layering guitar lines while recording?
Is it possible to mute some of my strings?
Up-down strumming when playing fingerstyle
Learning guitar via staff
How does the Buzz Feiten tuning system work?
new strings always relaxing. how do I speed up this process?
Permuations or scales for building up speed
Using an electric guitar with GarageBand
When shipping a guitar, what is the best way to package it?
An effective method for counting and identifying time signatures.
Should I worry about this strap pin?
The &quot;right&quot; way to use my pinky.
Lap Steel Tuning for more &quot;modern&quot; music?
Will steel strings wear out my nickel frets ?
Any issues with restringing a right-handed ukelele to be left-handed?
What are alternative &quot;voicings&quot; for Major/Minor/Dominant Chords if I can&#39;t play &quot;Barre Chords&quot;?
Guitar Fetish Pickups - Can anyone describe their tone and quality?
Where can I learn more about tapping on an acoustic guitar?
What is Synchronized Tremolo?
Looking for a specific device to secure a pick to your hand
Do hollow body guitars really sound more &quot;mellow?&quot;
What&#39;s the right way to hold a pick?
Can Playing Cause Back Pain In Right Shoulder Blade?
Does the size or shape of the resonance hole affect the tone?
Is this an acceptable fingering of a G Chord?
Insane amounts of fret buzzing on my lower strings
Do I have to tune my guitar everyday?
Recording an amp using headphone out?
Links and tips for Learning and using scales
How do I hold the electric guitar?
Is it possible to learn Flamenco guitar on a steel-string guitar?  Will it sound right?
Evidence of Just Intonation in Recordings with Non-fixed-frequency Instruments
Most important musical concepts for writing songs on acoustic guitar
What makes augmented fourths and the diminished fifths so hard to sing/remember?
Is it acceptable to move hand position while practicing scales on guitar?
How do I change the strings on a double bass?
What is the connection between time-signature, beat, and tempo?
Are there certain foods that harms the throat in the long run?
Question from non-musician: Is it possible to learn sight-singing without having learned an instrument?
My fingers are huge; how do I adjust on a piano?
Should pedals be used when playing classical piano music?
What is the foundational book of Czerny finger exercises for piano?
Which strings should I use for DADGAD tuning on my acoustic guitar?
How do I maintain flamenco guitar fingernails?
Can there be more than one barre in a guitar chord?
How do I learn proper breathing when teaching myself the flute?
What factors to consider when inventing a new (lab) instrument?
Tuning the Ouds
How well does mental practice work for you on different instruments?
Should I mute &quot;unwanted&quot; strings or not when playing power chords?
Violin strings breaking in fingerboard area
How often should I use my guitar humidifier?
How to memorize seventh chords and inversions on piano?
What are the characteristics of Negro Spiritual vocal arrangements?
What are some songs/music piece that I can use to practice Violin?
What does a grid with dots above the staves mean in a piano sheet music?
What does an arc mean above the notes in a piano sheet music? How do I play it?
Is there a computer program to transcribe songs to sheet music?
Practicing drums with metronome and not hearing it&#39;s tick
On being a musician and doing weightlifting
Is there a technical term for sad songs with happy lyrics and vice versa?
Which one has more impact on the sound, the string or the body?
Rhythm guitar techniques for a great Blues/Blues Rock player
Dealing with different tunings on stage
Learning Guitar being left-handed
What does this tablature notation mean?
What are the sonic differences between glass and metal slides?
What should I look for when buying a used trombone?
How do I clean the windway on my recorder?
Limb independence for non-drummers
What is the American system for graded teaching/examination of beginner musicians?
What is a transposing instrument?
What instrument is this?
Placement of vocal soloists with orchestra
How do preamps and power amps compliment/replace guitar amplifier heads and combos?
Do I need to play chords exactly as the tablature says?
Scale from Hungarian Rhapsody No.2
Effects of keeping a guitar in the car
My high E string broke after one week of replacing my guitar strings. Could that be an installation issue?
How does Ballet music differ from an Orchestral Suite of the same name?
How to prevent snare rattle?
Is playing with two hand really necessary in this passage?
What is the meaning of &quot;playing off the beat&quot; and &quot;playing on the beat&quot;?
son vs. rumba clave and bass line
How do I improve vibrato and breath volume in singing?
Which Bach toccata is more difficult- BWV910 or BWV911?
Are there names for referring to the top or bottom numbers in a time signature?
Franz Liszt Liebestraum No. 3 Bar 17 Roman Numeral Analysis
Is there a defined note for the triangle?
How to make a career out of music?
How do I improve the rate at which I learn arpeggios?
Fixing fret buzz
Musical notation/tablature for isomorphic instruments
Is there a name or common usage of this piano damper pedal effect? 
physiological responses to different rhythms
Replacing a single guitar note with a chord
Finding bandmates in a new city
What is the best way to work on my fret hand finger independence?
The relationship between music theory and physical phenomena
Guitar getting out of tune quickly
Chopin op. 28 no. 4 - bar 16 symbols
Temporary vocal bass range extension
What is it called when a DJ rewinds, then fastforwards quickly?
What are the touch-pad things that the guitarist and bassist of Muse use?
Trombone attachments, bore, and range
Converting to harmonic and melodic minor
Piano mordent with two notes
12 String Guitars - Some Information?
How does one help a student sing in a &quot;missing&quot; range?
What does it mean when progression is resolved?
What parameters decide one&#39;s vocal range?
Will straight crochets in 5/4 and straight quavers in 5/8 at same BPM sound the same?
Sources for sight-reading exercises that focus on subdivisions (emphasis on drums)
How to train playing sheet music on guitar?
What is &quot;Sonata-Allegro form&quot; and what other similar forms should I be aware of?
Chord Leading Question
What is a key signature?
What am I doing wrong when tuning the violin using a web application?
what&#39;s the difference between light rosin and dark rosin?
What do multiple l&#39;s and r&#39;s beneath a note mean?
What purpose does adjusting the violin bow tension serve?
How important is position of fingers in flute playing
What are the various ways of vocalizing rhythmic figures?
How to Tune a 10-hole Harmonica?
What&#39;s the quickest and best way to learn pitch control when singing in your normal range?
Store only voice in PSR keyboard memory bank
Guitar&#39;s individual bridge saddle intonation cannot be adjusted further
The origin of &quot;Battle Ends And Down Goes Charles&#39; Father&quot;
How to tune crotales
Tips for using complex time signatures in a &quot;catchy&quot; pop song?
&quot;Dull&quot; sound when recording dry audio from an Ibanez S series, not caused by old strings?
Orchestration and painting evenly over the spectrum
How to find equivalent notes on different strings of a mandolin?
Tips for tuning a dulcimer/psaltery/etc with arthritis?
Learning standard notation without succombing to simply remembering songs?
On a piano scale what is considered &quot;middle C&quot;?
Memorising the fretboard when using dropped tunings?
What is the proper technique for a glissando on piano?
Learning drum parts by components (each hand and each foot) versus by timeslices
Does software exist to catalogue band parts?
How was the ordering of Allen Forte&#39;s list of prime forms determined?
Can all notes be produced using only the trumpet&#39;s valves?
What do I need to know about drums as an electric metal guitar player
Should barr&#233; chords have an acute accent on the E?
Howto: Electric Bass Guitar - Home Recording
Music sheet notation explanation (Alto sax)
Piano Maintenance
How to play chords on full fingerboard without looking?
Practicing Trills
Are P-bass pickups noise cancelling?
Clarinetist learning baroque recorder
Same note in two staves
Iannis Xenakis&#39; Artistic Aesthetic and Public Perception
Selling arrangements online
Cello: Is it possible to play a double stop of a major 9th on the I and II strings?
Techniques to Improve Vocal Volume?
What are the advantages of different mouthpiece sizes?
How to start making musique concr&#232;te?
Reduce a tube amp power or volume
In 12-tone music, how frequently do composers allow themselves to alternate between adjacent notes of the tone row?
Acceptable temperatures for an electric guitar
Returning shine to very old silver flute?
Barre chords kill my thumb!
Feasibility of practising music for a person who are almost tone deaf?
Full chord on left hand for travis picking?
What are the main topics to master in order to learn to play the piano?
How can you prevent loss of or bad posture during drumming?
What instrument is this and why is it held so strangely and played?
Correct process for replacing guitar strings
With a Floyd Rose bridge, how big of a difference in string gauge will require a new set-up?
problems with fiddle tuning
How much does it cost on average to clean a clarinet?
How can I regulate tempo on a Roland sh-101?
Is it possible to tune a ukulele in GDAE (Irish tenor)?
What is this part of the guitar called (see pic)?
What is this cross staff tied/slurred note supposed to be?
Recognizing downwards intervals by humming corresponding upwards interval - bad practice?
Why is the &#39;&#39;backbeat&#39;&#39; called the &#39;&#39;rock beat&#39;&#39;?
Does this rhythm (dotted 8-16 8 8, hot po-ta-to) have a name?
How to reduce vocal strain when singing long duration high notes?
Bass pickup height adjustment
How to improve/solo over a song/backing track besides staying in key?
How do I parameterize text in a re-used section of Lilypond notes?
oboist performing Malcom Arnold&#39;s Divertimento for Flute, Oboe, and Clarinet
Can music be written using scale degree numbers instead of note letters in LilyPond?
How is 12-bar blues harmonically possible?
Basso profundo question
How do I make funk rhythm guitar sound fuller and nicer?
What are some common beginner mistakes when learning to play the piano?
Cb and Eb in C minor
I want to learn the sax. Where should I start?
What does a preamplifier pedal do?
Next step after learning piano chords
What brass band instruments can a cornet player feasibly cover on short notice?
What are G7/D and C/G chords?
How does &quot;triplet feel&quot; for eighth notes affect non-eighth notes?
Linking organ pedals to a keyboard
Where and how can a conductor require execution of orchestral pieces to a string player?
How to do apoyando in Romance de Amor?
Guidelines for piano composition/transcription
The Harmony of Clashing Tempos
How to play large chord?
How drummers and percussionist should handle change in time signature?
Is smoking &amp; playing horns really incompatible?
What does the notation &quot;2/3BII&quot; mean?
How to get a darker sound on Tenor Saxophone
Is there a way to keep my guitar/bass cable from becoming unplugged when I move?
Changing key in a song convincingly
&#39;Fine&#39; at the end of the song
What is the proper way to play this chord?
How do you identify string gauge?
Hearing and differentiating tones
Is closed hi-hat the same as foot hi-hat
Fux counterpoint: why is it in the modal system?
Why does a clarinet behaves like a closed pipe?
What do these numbers at the start of the music score mean
Playing the trombone: what does &quot;in stand&quot; mean?
What is the difference between equivalent Flat and Sharp keys as far as musical notation? Are there any reasons to prefer one over the other?
Some fear of composing?
Learning guitar and fingerpicking
Putting Stickers on an acoustic guitar
How do you keep convex string instruments from slipping?
Learning Bossa Nova Guitar
Why can some people play music well who don&#39;t &quot;know music&quot;?
How do i differentiate a crash cymbal from a ride cymbal which looks so similar
Add pre amp to audio interface to enhance sound quality?
Book or reference for music theory with deep explanations?
Differences between trumpet mouth pieces
I-IV-V blues progression
Modal chord progressions for Rock music
How do you accredit producers if you remix a remix?
Strategies for choosing chords for an arrangement
How to use recordings to improve singing technique?
How many sound interface inputs do I need to record drums?
How can you get guitar and bass tone out of a guitar?
Top-down music learning
What to look for in the musicians you play with
How does a metronome help me play music better?
Importance of placement of accents for chords (Chopin mazurka, op 59, no 3)
How to avoid shaky violin bowing?
Which scales are used by Tom Morello?
What&#39;s this weird sound coming from my speakers?
Is there any theory to decide a set of plausible chords per measure where a whole melody of a song is given?
Predicting the rate at which intensity diminishes as frequency/note increases
How can I turn an electric bass into a fretless electric bass by myself?
How can I develop mastery of polyrhythms in playing guitar?
How to identify key changes?
Sibelius midi export makes things complex
Alto Saxophone: tremolo using alternate fingerings
How to read guitar tabs more effectively and efficiently?
Is there a term for non-natural notes?
How to calculate the difference in cents between a note and an arbitrary frequency?
Songs that resolve late
What notation would you use to differentiate different types of minor keys (e.g. Em natural, Em harmonic, Em melodic)?
Original Floyd Rose or Licenced Alternatives?
Home recording: Preamp or Dynamic Mic?
Voice-leading with three chords in first inversion?
Is there a &quot;correct&quot; position for the right hand when playing guitar?
Name for pedal markings
Lilypond Conga Notes
How loud is a concert flute?
How to monitor a song with a low budget
How can I recreate the guitar sound of Los Lonely Boys?
Is there a &quot;preferred&quot; tuning note for woodwinds?
What is causing this weird distortion coming from my amp?
What is needed for an electric woodwind?
Notation used for harmonic context
In jazz, what is a chord family?
Production techniques for adding electronic elements to rock
Is there any other blues chord progression?
What is a parallel mode?
What is needed in order to start learning percussion?
Right-hand fingering for D7/F♯
What is the name for a group of five?
Pop filters and dealing with plosives in live performance
How to avoid excessive saliva when playing the harmonica?
How to make ASIO work with multiple programs: how can I listen to Guitar Rig plus something else through the same interface?
Why do lighter picks sound &quot;better&quot; on acoustic guitars?
Scalpel technique in Guitar
More volume from a Bass Clarinet
Tips on playing quietly/gently?
What to call the chord G B F# A C# F#
Is it okay if I play guitar/bass with wet fretting hand?
What most drives the perceived pitch of a chord
What way am I supposed to practice/learn scales?
Best name for chord consisting of G Eb F Bb C?
How to consistently sing with energy?
Is writing lyrics similar to writing poetry?
Reducing amplifier sound bleeding into mics in a theater setting
Can I plug my amp directly into my audio interface?
Why are there transposing instruments that transpose by octave?
What is the easiest/most popular way of figuring out the chords used in a song?
Minor scale chord substitution
Get series and parallel pickup wirings from a Strat?
How does phantom power work?
How to play the bridges in a standard blues progression
Question about playing chords
The concept behind relaxing music?
Best way to indicate a time signature in inline text?
If my music is very dynamic, should I run it through a compressor after recording?
Proper way to learn to dj and beat match for a total beginner!
Is the bass note of a chord the only indicative of its [the chord&#39;s] inversion?
Playing on white notes only
Are the highest pitches always the easiest to hear in a musical texture?
Does improvisation in the classical idiom differ significantly from jazz and folk improvisation?
Is an inversion a different chord, or a different voicing?
Softer strings?
Can someone learn practicing piano with a MIDI keyboard?
Separate the top matter from the staves in lilypond
Which fret do I place a capo on, to play Eb music using C chords?
(Post)-minimalist compositional techniques
How to notate this ornament?
Polyphony vs Homophony in Hymns
Counting while Playing
Electronic device that introduces harmonic overtones
Definition of the note C
Tone knob usage
Just intonation with Finale Human Playback?
Describe the 4 cable method for connecting a multi effect pedal to a guitar amp
Is it possible to identify autotuned concerts?
What&#39;s the purpose of a sound post?
How does one improve on his/her drumming technique without owning a drumset?
Are there any breathing methods for Rap vocals?
How are double stops / divisi indicated in violin scores?
Pros &amp; cons of in-ear monitors (IEM)
What&#39;s the difference between the french and the german double bass bow?
Is writing important for electronic composition?
Creating a Risset glissando with Chuck - How do I get rid of the &quot;click&quot;
What type of strings to use for easier bending in fast solos?
PA System: What type of speaker for that &quot;punchy&quot; bass?
Why do old russian guitar songs sound out of tune?
Resources for singing
Left hand Finger Technique
High notes from guitar amplifier hurt my ears, even at low volume
When learning a guitar part/song by ear, how do you determine where to put the capo?
Need help with notation and time signatures
What factors should be considered to determine the correct gain level when recording instruments?
What is a parallel seventh?
What is the percentage breakdown of different time signatures and their rate of occurrence in popular music?
Creamy vs Crunchy Distortion
Making all elements clearly audible in the mix
Why does this progression sound good, even if it not resolve to the root?
Vocal fach and passaggio
How to order VST plugins correctly
Rhythms notes for didgeridoo
Are music covers and the sheet music of their arrangements legal on YouTube?
When to use inversions in harmonizing a bass line
Why does playing the piano give me a pain in the neck?
Help with interpreting notation in Chopin&#39;s nocturne op. 9 no. 2
Meaning of &quot;actual notes&quot; above staff
Intonation problems with a low b string
Skills for writing your own songs
Chord symbols for inversions of 7th chords
Expand Bass Guitar Playing Beyond Root Notes
What is B II, followed by a dashed line, and what does it mean?
How do I play notes in a scale/key freely up and down the neck without getting caught in boxes and shapes?
Electric Guitar: is a good practice or bad habit that I tap the strings with my picking hand when there is a rest
Beamed note with unfilled heads — What is this?
Does Singing Lower Notes Require More Breath?
How can the ukulele D7 chord have different fingerings with different sounds?
How do you play a glissando with two notes?
Is there a name for a minor scale with a raised 3rd or a major scale with a lowered 6th and 7th?
What are the specific progressive steps to take in basic ear training?
What are these small numbers, and squiggly lines on this guitar sheet music
How do I teach a five-year-old violin?
Is stomping on the soft pedal of an upright piano bad for the piano?
For fingerstyle guitar, is anchoring your pinky on the guitar bad?
Any way to improve musical memory?
Is it mandatory as an electric guitarist to get obsessed with kit?
How the multiple analog synthesizer voices work together?
What would happen if I played two or more notes on a monophonic modular analog synthesizer?
Meaning of diamond-shape notes on guitar staff
How can a shy singer get feedback?
How does one analyze tricky time shifts?
Why are four-chord songs (I-V-vi-IV) so prevalent?
modulating by a tritone
How to minimize the pain for a beginning guitar student so they won’t give up before they develop callouses?
What are the different ways to hold drumsticks and what are the pros and cons of each?
What is the Hanson system used for?
Were the Goldbergs meant to be played in one go?
Does the type of wood on a solid body electric guitar affect its tone or sound?
What does this indication mean?
Is it learned or innate our reaction of happiness or sadness in music?
Is this progression considered to be in A mixolydian?
Does a phrase ending in V7/V - V end in an authentic cadence or a half cadence?
What does the indication 9 7 mean?
What are the trade offs between using a pick and fingerstyle for guitar?
How do you practice trills on piano?
Small clefs on score
What is a chord with a diminished third called?
How to make C lydian not sound like G ionian?
Small hand substitutions... any rules?
Will leaving the G string off an acoustic guitar for a few days hurt the guitar?
Duration of a quarter note with a 3 written beside it (on a synth display)?
What is the right age to start learning to play violin?
Beaming in different time signatures
Is there a canonical piano grading system?
How much baroque music was derived from improvisation?
Fingering indication for double glissando (Ravel, Alborada del Gracioso)
Can you really pay attention to every single slur, trill, “ornament”?
How would you train for Chopin&#39;s &#201;tude no. 2 op. 10?
Can a walking bass line be sufficient percussion for a (guitar) bass-brass-brass trio when playing blues?
On a saxophone, what is the difference between an overtone and an altissimo ?
Transition from tenor to bass trombone
Is visualization a useful method of practice?
Are tools to help improve finger dexterity, strength and speed really useful?
How can I develop a high register on a brass instrument without creating tension?
Is Hanon&#39;s &quot;Virtuoso Pianist&quot; good for self-taught musician?
What are some good, intermediate-level pieces for piano left hand?
Have a note outstand in a pianissimo chord (piano)
Are sweet drinks bad for singing?
What notes on the piano do the Ukulele strings equate to?
Keyboard keys failing.
Deciding how to articulate Baroque semiquavers
Are there any compositions for piano that are impossible to play without a full-range keyboard?
Alternative Numerical Representation of Pitch
Why do people say &quot;you are a little flat&quot; and never &quot;you are are a little sharp&quot;?
using multiple stereo effects
What is the I-vi-ii-V Chord Progressions?
Distortion pedals similar to Boss&#39;s DS-1
What are good oils to use on a neck that has been stripped of veneer?
Why does my guitar sound more natural when plugged directly into a tube amp vs through a pedal board?
Where can I find music notes for classical guitar and lute online?
Acoustic Guitar Intonation Adjustments
Why does my guitar go out of tune after I play it a while?
Are the lessons in GarageBand worth it?
What are the benefits and drawbacks of the Floyd Rose SpeedLoader tremolo system?
What is a piezo pickup and how does it differ to a common pickup?
How do I find a good reverb pedal for a huge, soul-filling sound?
Bach&#39;s Bourree BWV 996 timing issue
Is it possible to strum (with a pick) separated strings?
Why does my Stratocaster guitar sound worse with new strings?
Are there exercises similar to the &#39;Buddha rope&#39; for endurance on bass guitar?
Is it a bad idea to attach my strap just above the nut?
Muting technique and exercises
Wrist problems when using the first fret
How do you keep yourself motivated when you are doing mostly self-study?
How can I make my palm mutes sound more metal?
right handed bass into left handed bass
Need Help in Starting to Learn Guitars?
Do floating bridge springs need changing ?
How is string height adjusted for a neck with a compound radius ?
How do I get pinch harmonics during solos?
Stripped strap pin screw
What are the repercussions of using really thick gauge strings on my electric guitar?
Switching my strings from 10&#39;s to 9&#39;s - am I in for more fret buzz?
Bad sound from amp
How do I assess the value of a guitar when I&#39;m preparing to sell it?
What to have in mind when traveling by plane with my guitar?
Rock power chords that sound good together
Capo that won&#39;t detune my guitar?
How do I play the intro riff from Collective Soul&#39;s song Heavy?
What is econo-picking?
What&#39;s the best choice to get more gain out of a tube amplifier
Backing Tracks for Practicing
Best method to clean guitar?
How many voices do violins usually play in modern orchestral music
Tool to help &quot;read&quot; sheet music
Is this rhythm called a salsa or samba or something else?
Suggestions for switching from piano to electronic keyboard?
Beginning sweep picking exercises
Why do the Canadian and American ways of writing chords symbols differ?
How does achieve a &quot;distant&quot; effect on piano?
Recommend reading on physiological basis of music perception.
Choosing a guitar cabinet
What&#39;s so special about III ?
Yamaha vs Casio digital piano - is there an objective comparison?
vocal chord protection against nodule
Where to put guitar Harmonizer in effects chain?
Is it better to tune an instrument by procedure, or while playing?
What is this chord (spelled 2nd, 4th, 5th) and how is it used?
How much being a touch-typist can help learning the piano faster?
Is there a way to guesstimate how long it will take me to play a specific piece?
What is a standard order for learning/practicing scales when learning how to play the electric bass (esp. for jazz/blues music)?
Playing Piano in a Big Band / Chordal Accompaniments
Scales, modes, techniques for writing &quot;Super Mario&quot; style music
How can I make my keyboard sound like a Hammond organ?
What&#39;s the term for the intervals between notes within a scale that produces a chord
Is there an amp power formula?
What makes an amp sound heavy?
How to clean a tuba thoroughly
How do you compose using the chromatic scale?
What&#39;s a good book for learning how to play the piano?
How does lack of sleep affect the singing voice?
Techniques to improve general ability to play fast runs on a tuba?
Is there a term for the practice of &quot;breaking symmetry&quot; in a composition?
What&#39;s the best way to provide musicians a copy of a song to use to prepare for a recording session?
Difference between Fantasia and Rhapsody?
Why tune the guitar other than standard?
Why is it so hard to count beats and play at the same time?
Composing a song in Cm with major chord substitutes
How can I build my finger strength when I am not practicing?
I want to be like Madeon. Where do I start?
Why are double strokes (with the same hand) taboo on timpani but recommened on snare?
Singing software
What&#39;s the origin of using the cup-stacking-girl shouting &quot;OH MY GOSH!&quot; in dubstep mixes?
Notating tenor vocal parts with 8va G-clef in Sibelius 6
Is it a typo or how do I play it?
Is there any notation software that supports unconvential notation like Schenker graphs?
What is a depressed larynx?
Projecting &quot;Playing ahead/behind/on the beat &quot; onto tangible concepts
Downshifting in high positions on violin
Electronic keyboard terms: Aftertouch vs Pressure-sensitive
What&#39;s the best way to start learning Accordion on a budget?
What are the indicators of a quality electric guitar neck?
Blowing Low Notes on the Transverse Flute
Digital Pianos vs Old Upright Pianos for classical music
Flamenco Guitar: Soleares, 12-beat accent question
Chord books and theory
Can playing in cold weather damage a drum set / skins?
What is the name for the guitar that doesn&#39;t have strings?
What is it called when near the end of the song there&#39;s a section with a deliberately slow tempo?
How to start self learning to play guitar?
Breakdown of Ray Charles&#39; &quot;swinganova&quot; style?
Incessant Buzzing on Third String (Classical Guitar)
Trouble keeping time to a beat
What is a good warm-up for the trumpet/cornet?
Trouble with schilke trumpet valves
What exactly does a 3 mean over a quarter note and an 8th note?
How can I learn timing from a guitar tab?
Software to convert between sheet music and tablature?
Is it possible to use video games to help improve one&#39;s singing?
On the guitar, if I play a song which is in the key of  D, where should I put the capo?
Removing human voice from songs
What&#39;s the difference between sixteenth century counterpoint and eighteenth century counterpoint?
How to reproduce the sound of Dizzy&#39;s muted trumpet in early bebop jazz recordings?
Is there a proper musical term for a piece&#39;s &quot;roadmap&quot;?
Grace notes in Minuet by Boccherini
Sixth and Minor Seventh inversions conflicts
What are these aspects of song structure called?
Attacking lower notes on trombone
What kind of bandoneon or concertina is appropriate for playing tango music?
What are the correct mechanics for a guitar F barre chord
What is a normal singing range for children?
Why do trumpet valves shift down and not up?
Which side should I store my acoustic guitar in its case or travel bag?
Choice of Wind Instrument for self learning
Should a new band seek every possible opportunity to play or just work towards a few big shows?
Saxophone sometimes out of tune by nearly a fourth
Where is a natural harmonic for the note C on guitar?
What does the 3 above the staff represent?
Overcoming the &quot;we&#39;re not good enough&quot; syndrome in amateur choirs
How to keep practicing to compose music when you&#39;re too picky to listen to yourself playing
What characterizes ragtime drumming?
English Horn Etymology
Capturing music in my head
Technique for octaves on piano without pain?
How do I determine my vocal range?
Roman Analysis of &quot;Ab B G&quot; chord
Does weight lifting affect finger dexterity?
Goldberg Variation 28, right hand 4/5 trills
Is there any algorithmic way to split a piano MIDI into left and right hand parts?
Effect of Rubbing Alcohol Upon Reeds
Voice - Trouble with high notes
Arpeggio vs. Acciaccatura
Developing a good practice routine for piano improvisation with a band
Do the hands&#39; sizes affect piano learning/performance?
Indian Bamboo Flute: Practice
What kind of headphones should be used with a digital piano?
Can I use strings for bridge pins on a non-bridge pin guitar?
How important is harmony theory?
How does a &quot;Talk-Box&quot; differ from a Vocoder?
What distinguishes Rock-n-roll from Rhythm-n-Blues?
Am I able to repair the pegs on my violin?
positioning of neck pickup on guitars
How to devise a strumming pattern for a song
Orchestral strings disposition (numeration meaning)
High D on Tenor Recorder
What is the savart unit in Persian music theory?
Was the ancient Greek philosopher Pythagoras the first one who referred to a musical scale?
Why does the minor pentatonic scale sounds &quot;oriental&quot; to me?
Should I be grabbing piano key?
Latest Developments in Classical Guitar Strings?
Is loud breath intake considered a mistake when playing wind instruments?
Biggest differences between 4 mallet grips
Keeping a drummer in time with my keyboard
Should I play licks/solos with a metronome
What is the standard closed hi hat hit notation?
Thicker or thinner gauge for frequently snapping harp strings?
Does an adjustable bridge need to be parallel to the frets?
Passive and active pickups for bass guitar
Are kevlar straps on bass drum pedals reliable?
Does it help if you learn to play certain instruments both right-handed and left-handed?
What are Accidental notes?
Tension when practice arpeggios on the violin
Learning instrument recognition
Are there any practical differences between Humbuckers and Mini Humbuckers?
strange fingering in moonlight sonata
Acoustic considerations for positioning an upright piano against the wall?
Drums - Having trouble playing bass 16th notes
Good exercise for precision in picking (with pick)?
Playing flute High notes: role of lip position and one&#39;s mood
Switching amp heads with pedal
How can I pick LilyPond style choices at compile time?
Accessible Instruments While Away From Home
Multi-measure percent repeats in lilypond
What purpose do accidentals serve in music?
How to stop my double bass pedals from squeaking?
What are the patterns of the minor scales
Back pain from playing violin
How to clean my harmonica without taking it apart
Piano music with two treble clefs, and notes between staves
Fingers to use while playing finger-style guitar
How do I improve my singing?
How to make the bass in beatboxing
What contributes to good piano posture?
How to determine what key changes are appropriate?
Is this a modal song?
How do pianos and keyboards differ?
How are Band Scores and Piano Scores Similar or Different?
How do I fix the bridge on a Flea ukulele?
Black stains on my fingertips after playing a new guitar
Natural vs tempered semi-tones
Guitar slur. Need help on understanding notations
What note type in the 7th of a chord? - Music Theory
How can I find choir sheet music?
How can I transfer the old \partcombine syntax of lilypond to a version newer than 2.1.17?
What is the difference between a dominant scale VS a mode?
How to disassemble a tuba for cleaning
How to play chords that overlap melody
Can we tell by ear if a piece is in sharp or in flat without relative or perfect pitch?
Playing Classical Guitar Pieces on a Steel-String Guitar
Was the Angolan style of music called kizomba inspired by Kassav&#39;?
Alternatives to Marching with Bassoon
Max Payne theme scale
Is loosening the truss rod of a bass the correct thing to do after changing to a lighter string gauge?
Understanding V/ii♭9 Chord
Improvisation on Piano
List of possible trichord/triad names
How can we discern the melody of a piece of music in variations of that piece?
Yamaha 300 series v. Aulos 500 series
Placement of F# on Alto Clef
What strings for classical guitar you advise to beginer?
What chord is this and when is it the dominant?
As a beginner guitarist is it worth learning to play lead guitar early on?
My mandible is abnormal -- can I play the trumpet?
Playing guitar pieces flawlessly
Guitar string not in tune with itself
Thumb tension while playing bass guitar
Beginner on guitar fingerpicking ? Using same finger twice?
How do I make a song swing?
LilyPond vertical spacing, alternate endings, and chords
What does a Clavinet &quot;Register&quot; mean?
One finger per fret and stretching
Is it ok to hit skipped notes while strumming up?
In jazz, can anyone play any song?
Playing Sax and Clarinet
Composing chord progressions for samba
Setting up Distortion on an Amp
What is the definition of counterpoint?
Looking for software that checks for voice leading mistakes in MIDI, MusicXML, or MuseScore formats
Why does a string instrument get out of tune when a string breaks?
Buzz from inside the body of a new acoustic guitar when playing a specific note
Bow hold and broken thumb? Suggestions?
What is the best sticking for drags?
What notes relate to the EQ on a guitar amp?
Difference between passing note and suspension?
Is it possible to improve my pinky to such an extent?
Rests &amp; Their Usefulness in Drums
What is a good string height for a mountain dulcimer?
Getting a bigger sound for solo keyboard/voice performance
Guitar exercises for simultaneous fingers movement
Play Side Stick (SS) on Electric Drums
Writing a Mozart-style cadenza
Fingerpicking with my pinky finger
How long should each chord in a chord progression be played?
