Best sun protection for swimming
Prevent athlete&#180;s foot (re)infection in barefoot shoes?
What is the most effective method to clean skin exposed to poison oak?
Climbing Mount Teide from sea-level
How to hide a trail turn?
How far would you need to fall for it to be fatal?
Basic setup for trout fishing
Eating Matches to repel insects?
Is it better to wear one pair or two pairs of socks while hiking?
Most efficient training before alpine hiking/climbing?
Continue a hike when legs start cramping
Do leeches fall onto prey from trees?
What are the pros and cons of custom-made hiking boots?
What kind of underwear inside union suit in winter?
What is a good (and affordable) sleeping bag for someone who is beginning to backpack?
What happens to rappel anchors?
What do I do if a black bear is right outside my tent?
How to put on footwraps correctly?
Bouldering vs aid climbing vs free climbing vs free solo climbing
Can I heat a shelter with fire?
How To Quickly Warm A Tent
Are there standardized signals to communicate with aircraft?
Surfing competitions, no commentators
Carrying hardboiled eggs when hiking
How can I vet a hiking partner without potential hard feelings?
How do you survive getting towed under a log jam?
If I have to cross an icy, flowing river, what are some ways I can cross safely?
Is climbing an ambidextrous sport?
What is the first thing to do, when buried in an avalanche?
My head torch/lamp has a red mode, why?
Road Trip food on the cheap
What is the most efficient food to take a for a 12-15 day hiking trip?
Climbing barefoot/in toe-shoes?
Is there any difference between a harness used for rock climbing vs for mountaineering?
How do membrane-based boots breathe?
Difference between Franz Josef and Fox glaciers
Driving tent pegs into rocky ground
Using a synthetic sleeping bag on/under it&#39;s limit
Hiking boot fit: how snug should height of instep feel
How to straighten a bent tent pole
Would 4mil polyethylene plastic make a good tarp tent? Clear Plastic Tarp?
Climbing gear: can the energy absorbers of a lanyard for via ferratas be used only once?
What are the benefits of a baitcaster over a spinning reel for bass fishing?
Are there any unguided via ferrata routes in the Canadian Rockies?
What&#39;s the best way to dispose of a body in the backcountry?
Cleaning the sipper pipe of a hydration pack
Can fire starting liquid be used in a kerosene lamp?
Train yourself to need less water
Hiking Zion and Bryce in mid-May - feasible?
Guidelines for safe use of ATC Nano?
Is it possible to &quot;pad&quot; the shoulder straps of backpack?
Leave no Trace: Are campfires unethical?
Backpacking in Iceland (March 2016)
Red River Gorge Summer
Are dark or bright clothings preferable in the desert?
Does a tent need special after-trip care when camping on and near ocean beaches?
Canadian Law with respect to knifes
Which mid-line knot is best suited for a trucker&#39;s hitch?
What temperature to prepare for on Everest base camp trek?
How do you build a campfire that leaves no trace?
How to calculate the force (kN) generated by a falling climber onto their protection?
What are the principles of Leave no Trace?
Do polarized sunglasses protect against UV?
What kind of car do I need to reach most hiking trailheads near Boulder Colorado, Rocky Mountain NP
earthy/peaty ground fire lighting
Lowering a climber from above using a belay device in autolocking mode
Is it warmer to sleep naked in a sleeping bag?
Does a cotton lined sleeping bag make sense?
When are cotton socks actually better?
Does cotton really kill?
Does low blood pressure have an effect on Acute Mountain Sickness?
What&#39;s faster on packed, gradual terrain; skinning or booting up with skis on back?
What&#39;s a realistic distance to expect boys aged 11-17 to sea kayak in a single day?
Camping with a tarp, what are risks about animals?
Sleeping with two people in one hammock
Statistics on types and survivability of anchor failures?
What does it mean to cross load a carabiner?
How to tandem rappel/abseil with a child?
What are possible trekking routes in the Atacama region in mid April?
Overview of free and open huts in Norway outside the system of the official tourist association DNT
Does sleeping with liner shoes make you feel colder?
How to decide which tarp size to take?
What is the term for/manufacturer of belay devices with a clip that holds the ATC onto the carabiner?
What&#39;s the difference between white gas, propane, kerosene, and gasoline?
How can I survive multiple days in cold environment?
How to attach signs to trees considering tree growth?
First ascents by Edward Whymper
Memory foam mattress topper for camping?
How dangerous is a band of coyotes to a lone, unarmed human?
Which camp fuel type is the easiest on your stove?
How do I find known and documented trails for trail running in New England?
How to repair the broken stitching and seams in my leather boots?
How do I take care of Gore-Tex boots?
Avoiding leaks from stove and fuel bottles?
Do polarized sunglasses protect against snow blindess?
What can I do on a honeymoon in New Zealand while five months pregnant?
when is it OK to hike off trail?
Is it possible to sunburn through clothing?
Spray on waterproofing for non-dwr fabrics?
Should you pop a blister?
Best sun protection for swimming
Prevent athlete&#180;s foot (re)infection in barefoot shoes?
What is the most effective method to clean skin exposed to poison oak?
Climbing Mount Teide from sea-level
How to hide a trail turn?
How far would you need to fall for it to be fatal?
Basic setup for trout fishing
Eating Matches to repel insects?
Is it better to wear one pair or two pairs of socks while hiking?
Most efficient training before alpine hiking/climbing?
Continue a hike when legs start cramping
Do leeches fall onto prey from trees?
What are the pros and cons of custom-made hiking boots?
What kind of underwear inside union suit in winter?
What is a good (and affordable) sleeping bag for someone who is beginning to backpack?
What happens to rappel anchors?
What do I do if a black bear is right outside my tent?
How to put on footwraps correctly?
Bouldering vs aid climbing vs free climbing vs free solo climbing
Can I heat a shelter with fire?
How To Quickly Warm A Tent
Are there standardized signals to communicate with aircraft?
Surfing competitions, no commentators
Carrying hardboiled eggs when hiking
How can I vet a hiking partner without potential hard feelings?
How do you survive getting towed under a log jam?
If I have to cross an icy, flowing river, what are some ways I can cross safely?
Is climbing an ambidextrous sport?
What is the first thing to do, when buried in an avalanche?
My head torch/lamp has a red mode, why?
Road Trip food on the cheap
What is the most efficient food to take a for a 12-15 day hiking trip?
Climbing barefoot/in toe-shoes?
Is there any difference between a harness used for rock climbing vs for mountaineering?
How do membrane-based boots breathe?
Difference between Franz Josef and Fox glaciers
Driving tent pegs into rocky ground
Using a synthetic sleeping bag on/under it&#39;s limit
Hiking boot fit: how snug should height of instep feel
How to straighten a bent tent pole
Would 4mil polyethylene plastic make a good tarp tent? Clear Plastic Tarp?
Climbing gear: can the energy absorbers of a lanyard for via ferratas be used only once?
What are the benefits of a baitcaster over a spinning reel for bass fishing?
Are there any unguided via ferrata routes in the Canadian Rockies?
What&#39;s the best way to dispose of a body in the backcountry?
Cleaning the sipper pipe of a hydration pack
Can fire starting liquid be used in a kerosene lamp?
Train yourself to need less water
Hiking Zion and Bryce in mid-May - feasible?
Guidelines for safe use of ATC Nano?
Is it possible to &quot;pad&quot; the shoulder straps of backpack?
Leave no Trace: Are campfires unethical?
Backpacking in Iceland (March 2016)
Red River Gorge Summer
Are dark or bright clothings preferable in the desert?
Does a tent need special after-trip care when camping on and near ocean beaches?
Canadian Law with respect to knifes
Which mid-line knot is best suited for a trucker&#39;s hitch?
What temperature to prepare for on Everest base camp trek?
How do you build a campfire that leaves no trace?
How to calculate the force (kN) generated by a falling climber onto their protection?
What are the principles of Leave no Trace?
Do polarized sunglasses protect against UV?
What kind of car do I need to reach most hiking trailheads near Boulder Colorado, Rocky Mountain NP
earthy/peaty ground fire lighting
Lowering a climber from above using a belay device in autolocking mode
Is it warmer to sleep naked in a sleeping bag?
Does a cotton lined sleeping bag make sense?
When are cotton socks actually better?
Does cotton really kill?
Does low blood pressure have an effect on Acute Mountain Sickness?
What&#39;s faster on packed, gradual terrain; skinning or booting up with skis on back?
What&#39;s a realistic distance to expect boys aged 11-17 to sea kayak in a single day?
Camping with a tarp, what are risks about animals?
Sleeping with two people in one hammock
Statistics on types and survivability of anchor failures?
What does it mean to cross load a carabiner?
How to tandem rappel/abseil with a child?
What are possible trekking routes in the Atacama region in mid April?
Overview of free and open huts in Norway outside the system of the official tourist association DNT
Does sleeping with liner shoes make you feel colder?
How to decide which tarp size to take?
What is the term for/manufacturer of belay devices with a clip that holds the ATC onto the carabiner?
What&#39;s the difference between white gas, propane, kerosene, and gasoline?
How can I survive multiple days in cold environment?
How to attach signs to trees considering tree growth?
First ascents by Edward Whymper
Memory foam mattress topper for camping?
How dangerous is a band of coyotes to a lone, unarmed human?
Which camp fuel type is the easiest on your stove?
How do I find known and documented trails for trail running in New England?
How to repair the broken stitching and seams in my leather boots?
How do I take care of Gore-Tex boots?
Avoiding leaks from stove and fuel bottles?
Do polarized sunglasses protect against snow blindess?
What can I do on a honeymoon in New Zealand while five months pregnant?
when is it OK to hike off trail?
Is it possible to sunburn through clothing?
Spray on waterproofing for non-dwr fabrics?
Should you pop a blister?
How to top belay 2 climbers at the same time on multi-pitch climb?
Down feather species, which is best?
Why would I want a pressurized hydration pack?
What is a good tool for minor trail maintenance while hiking?
Where can I camp when driving Highway 37 in British Columbia, Canada?
How to lock a trucker&#39;s hitch without losing any tension?
Ice axe and crampon post winter cleaning/preparation
Trekking poles: what are the pros and cons of Anti-shock vs standard designs?
How to unlock walking poles that have not been used for a while
climbing - distance between knot and harness
When is it not OK to leave feces behind?
Hiking half dome - What are the most efficient logistics for getting a campsite in little Yosemite?
Stronger bond between GoPro mount and helmet?
If lost in the wilderness, what is the first thing I should do?
What are the advantages of short climbers?
What happened to the Rendlesham Forest Bird climbing frame?
Top gear presenter pees on snare, why?
How to avoid cracking your windshield while strapping down a kayak
How to overcome mental hurdles of adventure trauma?
Are there any sunglasses with prescription insert that does not alter depth sense?
High Altitude Cooking - Most efficient fuel and stove type
What is the loop on the finger of my winter gloves for?
&quot;Tag line&quot;/&quot;pull cord&quot; for multipitch trad: what kind and when needed?
Shoulder season backpacking near Whistler (early June)
How to humanely kill an injured bird?
Field dressing small game in hot climates
Where can I find help identifying an owl by its call?
How can I tell if a wild bird is legally protected?
Donating blood at higher altitudes and Acclimatization
What are the real dangers of climbing at high altitude?
Is it possible to develop immunity against mosquitos?
Does drinking tea cause problems at altitude?
How to get started skiing?
Is there a dose guide for Dexamethasone?
How would I find a hot spring?
Old Down Sleeping Bag performance
Ice Axes - Ice blade or Mix blade?
Why train at less than max intensity? Especially if not training often
How long should you leave a synthetic sleeping bag compressed?
Extra strong sunglasses for sensitive eyes
Delayed muscle ache after boulder session
Is drinking urine safe?
How to grade a trek?
Good books to learn survival?
Rock Climbing falling.Turning upside down
Pressing the knee while on an ascend
Abseiling on one rope: should I attach the prusik to the other one?
Kayaking in the UK
Kepler Track: Brod Bay to Iris Burn Hut in one day?
Are fires in natural caves/overhangs safe?
How should I traverse fields with horses in?
Will a tent provide some protection from bears?
What are the measurements on this slope angle tool?
Where in Europe is wild camping permitted?
Official Protocols to be followed in England for trekking/hiking
Cycling in Ontario — do I need to worry about permission to access logging roads?
Bag technique for washing clothes while backpacking?
Relative abraision resistance of Dyneema slings vs an average dynamic climbing rope
Can oiling keep tools from rusting?
water knot vs figure 8 follow through vs X for rock climbing anchor - What is easiest to untie?
What size dry bag is best for keeping and washing clothes?
Is it safe to put snow in water filtration?
NNN (front clip) vs. telemark style bindings for backcountry XC skis
Where in the north of the UK are locations with good and easy to locate fossils?
Stove/fuel setup for harsh conditions
Beginners guide to fossil hunting
How can I prevent plantar fasciitis?
Can bears smell food inside dry sacks?
What glue will stick ripstop polymide / nylon fabric together - e.g. patch on hole?
How to find new poles for old tent?
Is it safe to drink out of a rusty thermos?
Pitching a tent in the rain?
Minimum safe rappel rope diameters?
What is the most effective way to flee from an alligator?
Numbers on down jackets
How to get pine sap off my teeth
How does an X chamber construction in a sleeping bag look like?
What is the difference between packable down jackets?
How to camp in wolf country?
What is this knee pain when going downhill?
Are zipper covers crucial?
V-threads (Abalakov): How many holes are too many?
Why should I carry a snow anchor?
Reliability of snow bollards
Should the cloth part of ski gloves be treated before use?
Shoe sizes for bouldering
What knot is this one? What are its purposes?
Storing food in the desert
What is the best way to store my sleeping bag for long periods of time?
Uses for different size locking carabiners
Site with statistics of mountaineering accidents
Tree skiing/riding in Colorado
How does one steer a two-person kayak?
How do I wash Gore-Tex clothing?
How much does a full/empty jetboil canister weigh?
How steep of a slope can you skin up in AT gear?
Headlamp with open flame
Which wildlife is it legal to hunt in the UK?
What makes nylon an effective material for hiking pants?
Is there a more practical type of cord to carry than &quot;550 paracord&quot;?
What are the different methods to purify water?
What should I do if I get sprayed by a skunk?
Best approach to camping in snow?
Avoiding 4WD-areas in Iceland
Beginner or intermediate skis for a first pair to buy?
What are the advantages of a vapour barrier?
Is there a technique to snow-shoeing besides &quot;walk on the snow&quot;?
How do I know when my snowboard edges need to be serviced?
Why don&#39;t XC skis have edges?
Waxing cross-country skis
Preventing hand blisters while paddling
using anti-perspirant in extreme cold climate
What are the rules to grade sport climbing single pitch routes?
How do I avoid leeches?
Why are unequalised anchors acceptable for fixed-point belay systems used while ice climbing?
Can cold weather be sufficient to act as a refrigerator?
Which month would be, on probability, the best month to trek on the Isle of Skye, Scotland?
What are practical uses of paracord survival bracelets?
Urbex question: How to protect myself from asbestos?
Storing Headlamps: With or without batteries?
Why do many climbers appear to not trust their belay loops?
How to stay hydrated with minimum water usage
Ice skating on a frozen lake -- how thick should the ice be?
Is Paradoxical Undressing a stage beyond Hypothermia?
How much water should be carried while hiking  in the desert?
If the Dawn Wall&#39;s been climbed before why is the current attempt so difficult?
Measuring a dangerous snow slope
What crampon front-point setup options are specific for various types of ice climbing?
How to stay clean on a multi-day hike?
Is it true that, in cold conditions, you will freeze faster wearing wet clothes than not wearing any?
What are the things I need to know when fashioning a sling?
How to use a poncho in high winds?
From an outdoor recreation point of view, does it matter who manages a national monument?
What kind of mementos, if any, am I allowed to collect from State and National parks in small quantities?
B2 boots for narrow feet
How can I take duct tape with me backpacking?
How do I fold in / tidy up the straps on my rucksack?
What can I do to help relieve joint pain in fingers after climbing?
Why don&#39;t people in the UK use snowshoes?
1000 names for snow
Acclimatization strategies
Is it ok to use rolled aluminum descending rings in permanent anchors?
Is this &quot;dry suit cutting wrists&quot; story realistic?
If my depth varies +- 2m when breathing in and out, what&#39;s gone wrong?
Can anybody recommend a good mid-week winter mountaineering course or a good mountain guide in the Lake District, UK?
Does &quot;dive your deepest dive first&quot; still apply when using a computer?
If you are buried in an avalanche will you survive?
Quality/robustness of avalanche shovels
Rules for Carrying flammable subtances in UK
Where is it possible to use a hammock in the UK?
Why all the different accessory cord diameters?
Ski set that does both downhill and backcountry?
Hills closest to East Anglia
Why are backpack waist straps so long?
How durable is cuben fiber in real, practical use?
Thru-hiking the Long Trail (Vermont) in late January
Where in the US can I find green mountains to hike like in Scotland, such as Dalveen Pass?
Hitch with no ends
What is the purpose of the shoulder strap upper adjustment?
For how long afterwards do we benefit from acclimatization?
Is department store merino wool less effective than branded (i.e. SmartWool) merino wool in staying warm and wicking moisture?
Bleeding a fish without a cooler
Do you need to purify all mountain water sources
How to overcome fear of falling in lead climbing
Walking from Macugnaga to Saas-Fee
Best rope for a rope swing
How can I stay warm in subzero weather?
Is it legal to light bonfires on UK beaches?
Why are death percentages of death from trauma in an avalanche so different between USA, Europe, and Canada?
What are the primary considerations when trekking across the Olympic National Park, Greece including a summit of Mount Olympus?
What considerations are required for making a hiking ascent of Mount Othrys, Greece
Tips for camping in the territory of elephants
Walking trailers
Is Tyvek 44grs/m2 (Tyvek&#174; Soft Structure Style 1443R) waterproof enough to be used as a groundsheet/footprint or tent bottom, any experience?
What sleeping bags are needed for a northbound thru-hike of the AT
Chaining locking carabiners
What is a good substitute for water purification tablets
How to take care of climbing hands?
Gear storage: what gear that can be safely stocked outside?
Backpack strap chafing
River crossing in winter?
What can I do to keep my hands warm while using touchscreens in the winter?
What are the navigation considerations on the Monongahela and Youghiogheny Rivers between Ohiopyle State Park (PA) and Pittsburgh PA?
What are the navigation considerations on the Youghiogheny &amp; Potomac Rivers between Ohiopyle (PA) and Cumberland, MD
Benefits of tree tents over typical shelters?
Using a Girth Hitch in Alpine Draws
Good places to go potholing in the UK
Installing a hand line for scrambling?
Should I be more careful about postholing during winter hikes?
Winter route grades
What are safe/effective leaves from around the world for use in tidying up your backside after answering the call of nature?
How to begin in alpine tours
What is an effective way to join a map that is printed on several sheets?
Belay with a broken arm
What foods can you cook by directly placing them into a fire?
When is it too cold for Tarping?
What are some toilet paper alternatives you could use in the woods?
Pack for carrying a puppy
Is there a recommended safety standard for crampons?
Super/Krazy Glue on Outdoor Gear
What could be a long and scenic two days backcountry ski tour in Switzerland, bivying on the snow?
How precise is a pedometer for estimating on a backpacking trip?
Why some sleeping bags have four temperature ratings while others have only one?
What to look for in a quality tarp?
How can I tell if I am dehydrated or have low electrolytes (need salt, etc.)?
Are trekking poles proven to be helpful?
Online website to track A.T. section hikes and overall progress?
Finding a suitable slope to practice self arrest?
Dropping gear: Where did the hairline/micro fracture urban legend come from?
How to freeze a water container without deforming it?
Why do people who backpack sleep in tents instead of tarps?
Winter Slackline solutions
What should one do when they get a cramp while swimming?
Is it a bad idea to dry clothes by the fire?
Back-up wood and alcohol stove
Best lightweight pole for tarp
What are some good guides to the U.S. national forests, specifically those in California?
What&#39;s the problem with electrolyte imbalance and how do I mitigate it?
How much does it cost to thru-hike the Appalachian Trail?
Things to keep away from climbing ropes
Washing clothes on long hikes
Which knot for climbing: figure eight, yosemite bowline, bowline on a bight?
What&#39;s the most remote place in the continental US?
Applications of a slip knot in climbing?
Is there special etiquette for hiking the Appalachian Trail (AT) during AT Season
Is this Chinese rock climbing gear manufacturer reliable?
Which is better, a single fisherman&#39;s knot or a double?
Winter bivvying in the Alps: what is a good temperature rating for a sleeping bag
How to use legs more effectively to avoid grip stress on overhangs
Tent placement?
Am I likely to need multiple pairs of boots on the Appalachian Trail?
Toproping with two ropes joined by a double fisherman&#39;s
How to clean hiking boots
Lowering off from anchors vs. rappelling after a climb?
Should I be using Dyneema slings for lead climbing anchors?
Big Wall Climbing Portaledge Toilet Etiquette?
Crossbow draw strength
Learning to fall when leading: what is good fall technique?
Isn&#39;t Nor&#39;easter supposed to move from the Northeast to Southwest?
What to look for in a winter skills course?
How to check if a fence or cable has electricity without having special tools?
Can I eat rotten meat and carcass providing enough cooking?
Can I use my leather jacket to go to ski?
Avoiding building a belay anchor too low down
Best technique to sharpen a knife using a whetstone?
Are camping washing machines actually effective?
Snake on chest while sleeping?
Is it possible to &#39;moisture trap&#39; from trees while thru-hiking?
Are mittens warmer than gloves?
Walking up the slopes. To walk brisk or to walk slow?
What are areas of the body which lose heat more quickly, and how can I reduce that loss?
What makes certain mountains more dangerous than others?
Is the &quot;Rule of 3&quot; proven for food?
What is the point of hiking boots, versus any comfortable walking shoes?
Should I grind the edge or the backbevel first when sharpening my knife?
When to kill and bleed a fish
Are portable solar panels useful on pack trips?
Is it ok to bleed a fish in muddy water
Adjusting the Torso setting for the backpack
What is the easiest way to prepare a rabbit snare with minimal tools?
How to rate a walk/hike by length, height gain, etc using analysis of GPS data?
Onlinetool to setup a track in a map and calculate the distance
Preventing heat rash around ankles and shins?
How to make a fully-enclosed tarp setup with a 1.4 x 2.4 meter tarp, for one person?
Wear a Shirt(and sunscreen) or (just) Sunscreen
During high-altitude lengthy expedition: To shave or not shave?
Ideal and Minimal Rope Diameter for Lead Climbing
How can I avoid an encounter with a large feline?
What are the navigation considerations on the Ohio River between Pittsburgh PA.&amp; Wheeling WV?
What are the navigation considerations on the Ohio River between Wheeling WV and Parkersburg WV?
What is the fastest style of sled?
What are the first aid precautions to be taken in case of a snake bite?
Is it dangerous to sleep in a tent alone in a forest in -20?
How can one find the difficult to find geocaches?
What this instrument is used for?
Divers deliberately breathing fast before diving into water
What equipment do I need as a beginner outdoor rock climber?
Slings for anchoring and lanyard in rock climbing
Can I light a kerosene lamp with flint &amp; steel or a magnifying glass?
Good material for gloves
What is the fastest method to &#39;break in&#39; full leather boots?
Groups: What are proper occasions for a large, shared hole for waste?
Are bears attracted by Lotions and Perfumes?
How to make DIY ice axe protectors?
Will a down sleeping bag recover 100% after being squeezed if it&#39;s not for a long time?
What precautions should I take to protect myself and my camp from bears?
Traffic officer – how to prevent fingers from freezing
Tips and tricks for backpacking with a guitar
How much would a base camp shower cost in the Himalayas?
What can I use an old tent for?
What are the downsides to sleeping in a hammock on a multi-day hike?
What is the best mountaineering quote that you have ever read?
Backpacking or hiking in areas open to hunting
How can I start a fire by rubbing two sticks together?
How to keep water cold in hot weather?
How to create campfire which will burn overnight?
Knee pain when descending a mountain
Are Rhododendron and Mountain Laurel truly toxic to burn in a campfire?
How easy is to magnetically destroy a compass?
How to avoid exploding rocks
How to walk as a roped party on a glacier?
Where can I expect to find naturally occurring flint in the wild?
Dog Breeds for Backpacking and Trail Running
Technical clothing brands for extra long arms?
How resistant to water is Tyvek in practice
Climbing with a much lighter partner?
How frequent are polar bears inland in the Mealy Mountains and English Mountains in Labrador?
Climbing all the Munros as a continous round
Belly flopping top outs
What formation to best survive a flood?
Climbing Kilimanjaro for a newbie
Where can I hunt wild boars for free in Southeast Texas?
Please Explain Rock Climbing Grades
Is it safe to sleep for more than 16 hrs a day at altitudes above 6000m?
Using the Yosemite Decimal System, how difficult is Everest?
How to Clean Rock-Climbing Shoes
What is the most effective means of paddling a canoe, against the current, under a bridge?
How can I prevent batteries from losing charge in cold weather?
How to clean bones found outside?
How should a climbing rope be stored?
Where can I find an iodine crystal water purification product?
What can be done to eliminate heel lift?
Will using kick-wax on my alpine touring skis ruin the bases?
Group Trips: 1 Large cook group or smaller cook groups of 3 or 4?
Advantages to hammock camping on multi-night trips
Is saltwater antiseptic?
How can I keep the loose ends of backpack straps from blowing around?
Methods for taping hands, wrists, and fingers for climbing?
Arm compression sleeves for climbing
What&#39;s the difference between water-resistant and waterproof?
Are there any low sodium freeze dried meals?
What are some effective ways of reducing itching from a mosquito bite?
When should you use gear to climb a tree?
Does packing boots with newspaper make them dry faster?
Create ultra light camera tripod w/ mini tripod and 3 tent poles?
When should you carry a firearm when hiking/trekking?
Trail gun for protection against bears
What should I look for in hiking binoculars
When should you start to train with Campus Boards, Hang Boards and Peg Boards?
How safe is sleeping in bear country?
Trekking solo in South Africa
How to achieve a climbing anchor that can withstand an upward load?
What is the best way to store my tent?
As an experienced backpacker in the Eastern US, what should I know before hiking in the Western US?
ski exercises whilst sitting at a desk
Best type of rope for glacier travel?
How to pull one&#39;s partner from a crack/crevasse when skiing?
Mountaineering / glacial traverse: rope-up or go it alone?
How to detect a crevasse on a glacier
How to wash a foam helmet?
Trekking poles making odd noise
How to prepare for a long rocky alpine route, which is unusual for me?
Using a rope &quot;Alpine Style&quot;/Moving together
How can I conserve water over long treks?
Which will keep my food colder longer, draining the melted ice water, or leaving it in the cooler?
What to teach someone who wants to start lead climbing?
How to fix a leak in Hydration pack?
How should I treat hypothermia?
Water filter that handles mercury?
How can I locate the leak in a inflatable pad
Is a Canoe Bike a viable mode of human powered amphibious transportation?
How to deal with condensation in a tent?
Recommended Aconcagua Guide Source?
What clothing or gear should I wear to prevent ticks?
How can I prevent animals from marking my camp as their territory?
Painful leather hiking boots - persevere or give up?
New to fishing in Virginia
Ration or consume water?
What is involved in taking a canoe through a lock on a major US River?
Fine tuning the Warm-up routines at Higher altitude
How do you make a snow shelter?
Methods for taping injured wrists
How to carry a bicycle in a canoe?
Are surface plugs effective for fishing in choppy water?
Can a compass needle become de-magnetized over time?
What fictitious wilderness animals are there as tourist attractions?
How to belay on top of a pitch
Maintaining a Mountain Hut
Are drop bears dangerous?
Hot or cold shower better after exertion?
Has anyone tried making their own make-shift Hydrapack?
Do climbers shave limbs?
What are the major difference between a regular sleeping bag and one designed for women?
How high to climb before clipping on a sport climb?
GPS navigation device or app that allows entry of UTM coordinates?
Leader injured during multipitch trad climb, what to do?
Reusing the same water bottle for drinking tap water
How can I make a snow shoe in the wilderness from commonly available materials and simple tools?
Do mountains regularly (for a mountain) change height?
What food is good to take trekking for acid reflux?
Why are indoor climbing grades easier?
How many &quot;Munro&quot; revisions has there been?
Belay checklist?
How much should my toes hurt in 5.10 MoccAsym shoes?
How do I balance the muscle usage and strength of my body when long-distance hiking?
What do you call a small backpack? (so I can search for it)
When to set up a Cordelette and an Equalette?
How long does water need to be boiled for to kill all bacteria / viruses?
How is the Nuaulu palm leaf carrying pot made?
Is it possible to put a kayak in the water in Berlin and reach the Baltic via lakes and rivers?
Anchor without cordelette?
How do you locate the &quot;North Star&quot;?
How do to a safety knot when abseiling with 2 ropes?
How safe is drinking distilled water?
In what conditions is a four-season tent needed?
What lighting equipment do I need for playing ultimate frisbee at night?
Things to consider when buying sunglasses
Carrying crampons safely when not using them
How to dry Gore-Tex boots in the field
Gas or liquid fuel lighter?
Securing things to spars with a wire Cocky&#39;s Hitch
Fly casting in heavy cover/growth
What are the properties I should look for in running shoes?
What can I do with a retired rope and harness?
What to look for in an ice axe for use in classic alpine terrain?
How to get a top-mount cooking burner for 20 lb propane tank?
Managing the garbage over a lengthy trek at higher altitudes
Acquiring a Camp Site at the Everest Base Camp
Scat Identification in Southern NH
Combine backpack and back protection when snowboarding?
Major fall, same for static and dynamic?
What to do if a team member falls sick?
Black bears and torch lights
How to repair gore-tex boots split?
How to go about a long traverse with just Undercut holds?
Snake dangers while hunting in the desert?
Lodging while hiking the European E-paths
Why shouldn&#39;t I buy an ultra light tent?
Understanding/comparing via ferrata grades?
4x4 vs AWD off road
Places to Find Rock Climbing Ball Holds
How to minimise erosion damage to footpaths when walking?
Walking stick or Pole
Is &quot;altitude&quot; an absolute measure of air &quot;thinness&quot;?
Where can I find public water tap for cleaning/bathing in the Netherlands?
Legal permits required for trekking in Canada
How to clean vomit from camping gear?
Tying up a tent to the sack
Fitness for surfing?
Gear for Car-camping with 2 small children
Dealing With Sap On A Tent
Can I use a bicycle helmet as a climbing helmet?
How do you go upriver in a canoe?
What is the name of this knot for tying into a &quot;confidence&quot; rope?
Are water purification tablets safe?
How to effectively dry/clean the inside of water bladders?
What are common climbing techniques for strongly overhanging walls and roofs?
How many calories does hiking burn?
How to tell the time at night
Why is it unsafe to handle metallic equipment with bare hand at higher altitude?
How do you repair a plastic kayak?
Any tips to reduce chance that I have to get up and pee in the night (not counting dehydration, of course)
How to go about replacing sport climbing bolts?
How to cross a 25 feet wide Crevasse?
Bouldering in California in the summer
Leading an inexperienced group
How do I find north using a watch?
Commuting by canoe
Bare Essentials for 2-3 day Hike
Wild camping in subsaharan Africa - madness, blasphemy, or bearable?
Can you boil an egg in dirty water?
Where to carry a folding knife when hiking?
Rod characteristic for spinning for small freshwater fish
Is it safe to be in a vehicle during lightning/thunderstorms?
Venomous/Semi-Venoumous Snakes at Higher Altitudes
What does the term &quot;Redpoint&quot; &amp; &quot;Pinkpoint&quot; mean
What does it mean to free a climbing route?
What do you risk when you ignore blisters and carry on walking?
Is there a portable / comfortable pillow suitable for camping / backpacking?
Lighting a fire using a flint and steel
Backpacking propane canister too tall and unstable
Measuring actual distance walked on a map (Allowing for changes in height)
What are good knots to know for camping and backpacking?
How to get weather forecasts at Yellowstone?
How much is a major load?
What are some effective ways to deal with sand when camping on or near the beach?
How to safely mark a rope
Looking for a Topographical map resource?
What features should I consider when evaluating a hammock-tent hybrid?
How to use campus boards
How much heat is lost though your head?
How do I read a topographic map?
Should I be worried about bears when sleeping in a hammock?
Carrying a portable stove
What to look for in an insole?
What are common rock-climbing footwork mistakes and how I can spot them?
Should I bring my dog with us to a Cabin
What are some alternative ways of fishing - i.e. catching fish?
Is it possible to rappel with only a rope? (No harness, Prusik cord, or other gear)
What&#39;s a good, secure way to attach neodymium magnets to a geocache?
How to find climbing shoes for toe and heel hooks?
How to understand contour map and plan a possible trekking route using one such contour map?
Struggling with Muscle cramps when in water
What are some emergency water purification methods?
Do Half/Twin/Double Ropes get Middle Marked?
Shortening a shoulder-length sling to half-length?
How does a route setter grade a climb?
Setting up a shelter
Rock climbing- trad
Is there anything that can be done to stop my insoles sliding?
Is there a best practices guide online for rock climbing safety?
What foods are unsafe to cook over an open fire?
What batteries would make sense to power 12v devices (e.g. blankets, lights) for camping?
What information to leave with your emergency contact?
What happens if I inadvertently set off a personal locator beacon?
Does garlic balance your blood pressure on long walks?
What exercises can you do before Scuba Diving to improve your air consumption?
Surfacing rapidly after a Scuba Dive
What are the most recommended guide/maps to bring on a PCT thru-hike?
Camping on a uninhabited island in Sweden&#39;s sk&#228;rg&#229;rd near Gothenburg
Dealing with large runouts during sport climbing
What fps does a bow need to hunt moose?
Any ideas about long-term camping in a 16x16 foot yurt?
How to set up a tent in deep snow
If injured and lost, what are your biggest priorities for survival?
Optimal size for crayfish (crawfish) trap entry hole?
How to use all the fuel in a bottle with a MSR Whisperlite Internationale?
Survival type activies for Scout camp
Island camping tent advice
Are self-inflatable sleeping pads more slippery than other mats?
Climbing Webbing with Taped Ends (where &amp; why)
What are the most common stinging plants to be aware of in North America?
What are good items to leave in a geocache?
Do alpine boots hurt when walking (not climbing)?
Most Eco-Friendly way to Identify a Climbing Route
Does eating snow help dehydration?
Personal Locator Beacon registration - warning text
Is burying human waste always the lowest-impact solution?
Is there a definitive list of the tallest mountains in the world that require little or no mountaineering experience?
How to avoid pendulum descent when belaying?
Disposal of Gore-Tex or other membrane products
How do you flavour your water on camping trips?
Efficient and reliable method for managing a nut tool while following on a trad climb?
Knot to turn cord into loop (load bearing)
During a safety stop, how do I avoid my feet floating up?
How do climbers retrieve anchored rope?
Good canyon (or canyoning) websites
What is a bloquers?
Which notable/challenging mountains can be ascended with few technical skills?
Semi-static rope 24 hour rule
How to arrange 2 Prusiks when ascending a rope?
What&#39;s the minimum diameter cord to use when climbing a rope using a prusik
What are creative uses for retired carabiners?
How can I maximise my chances of seeing a wild wombat?
Travelling and taking climbing chalk through customs
B2 alpine boot brands
What is the best way to transport a kayak?
Do truly all-season tents exist?
How can you make a MSR WhisperLite stove simmer?
What advice would you recommend for climbing Mount Triglav, Slovenia?
recreation.gov trail permits - &quot;W: Available at the Facility&quot;
What should I as a beginning surfer consider when buying my first longboard?
What is a great, all-purpose knife?
Tent Fly Coloured Reflective Tape
Yellowstone back country camping trip?
How can I test out my equipment before a backpacking trip?
How should I pack for a week of backpacking in the rain?
Is it normal that a down sleeping bag loses its loft after ~5 years ~150 nights?
Altitude sickness when going from sea level to 14,000 ft (4,200m) in a single day
How much spare strap should I leave when trimming a pack down?
How do I desalinate seawater?
Which wood sources produce toxic smoke?
Is a tarp necessary if you have a tent with a rainfly and a footprint?
Kayaks vs canadians from a beginner&#39;s perspective
What is the difference between single and double wall tents?
Technique for lead solo climbing with rope
Taking Aspirin in higher altitudes
Making a Make-Shift harness from Tape-Slings
Group camping - cooking equipment and eating utensils packing list
What permits and reservations do I need for the Adirondacks?
What hazardous wildlife is there in the UK?
Proper technique for self-arrest with an ice axe, when wearing crampons
Buoyancy aids ratings
Footprint or no Footprint in a TNF Assault
Rating unorthodox climbs
Reacting to tornado warnings while camping with no buildings nearby
How to minimize sea sickness?
What are traditional Sami trail markings?
Reference request: books on self-rescue while climbing
When describing my PADI qualifications with a CMAS diver, is there a well know equivalence table?
Week long trek, how far each day? pace?
Foam vs hardshell climbing helmets?
Do barrel style root cellars get colder the deeper you dig them?
Why did the handle come off my spinner rod?
Permanent Camping Cooler - No Ice Needed
I found a Deer Tick on my friend and removed it, what should I do now?
Affordable Festival Tent
In an abandoned quarry, is it possible to pry loose rocks from walls until stable?
Wasp repellent for an object/area?
catching smallmouth/striped bass?
How do permits for US/Canada public land work?
Fishing in Friendship, Maine 04547
Brick Wall Rating
How can I find manuals for old Kelty equipment?
True fish attractants?
What is a &quot;shooting jacket&quot;?
Light-weight emergency overnight-gear
What rope to chose to hold my body weight from a monkey fist knot
Tree bark as food
Planned winter bivi
Comparing 2-person, three-season backpacking tents
Activities at the campsite
How can you prevent kids getting lost at night while camping?
What are some ways/devices that I can use to charge my batteries in the wilderness?
What factors should I be aware of when storing a kayak?
Differences for bivi packs
How do you mount ski bindings?
Can I mix fuels when using the MSR whisperlite international stove?
Which fuel burns the cleanest? Can I use E85 for an MSR stove?
Legality of parking and setting up camp on side of mountain roads in California near Los Angeles
How can I make Tyvek less noisy?
What wild animals are there in California that can be dangerous or create hassles, and how do I avoid problems with them?
An adjustable length knot for 2 lines and a carabiner for easy suspension
What essential items should go in a small first aid kit?
Satellite phone payment plans for irregular use
What do I need to be aware of if I&#39;m considering purchasing a Personal Locator Beacon (PLB)?
Large Tents and Traditional Campsites
What should a rescue team be equipped with?
How safe is the bowline knot in different situations?
Resoling climbing shoes yourself
Hiking possibilities near Silicon Valley
What are the Pros and Cons of Trekking Solo?
Selecting a hammer drill for bolting climbs
Using a &quot;tarp&quot; over the entrance of a snow cave
What sleeping gear should I use in a lean-to?
How to cheaply introduce someone to backpacking
Sleeping bag too hot
What are the tradeoffs for a Tomahawk over an Axe
Eating in a long sport activity (scuba diving) to keep your strength up
How can I prevent snow-balls building up in my dog&#39;s paws?
Why do flies try to get in my eyes all the time?
What format should I use to report my location to emergency responders?
How well does solar recharging work when strapped to the backpack?
How can I keep my backpack from resting directly against my back?
Hiking and wild sleeping in California wilderness
Cheese and eggs on backpacking trips
fatigue on high altitudes
Two day hike recommendations in New England area
What is a tour book used for?
Seeking photographs of &quot;climber&#39;s hunch&quot;
How do you compare between different rock climbing grades?
Effective training for rock climbing
Looking for secluded camping land in California, near the bay area
How to fix a leak in a fibreglass kayak?
Plastic or fiberglass for a kayak?
What to look for in a snorkel?
Flashlight or headlamp for night hiking?
Which buoys and markers should I look out for when kayaking (or other water-recreational sports)?
Compare running fitness to hiking
How to get started on canyoning?
Camping with a dog for the first time
Water filters - why sand and rocks?
Does water in the sun get purified from or polluted by algae, fungi and bacteria?
How to deal with little flies flying into the eyes?
Pike fishing equipment &amp; rigging
To pack Vertical or Horizontal?
How to warm up your cold toes and fingers?
Makeshift Stretchers
Can a nylon tent flysheet which is delaminating be repaired?
What to do if you&#39;re bitten by an adder?
How to sail a packraft
Can groundwater still be consumed if after boiling the water turns brown with an oily substance floating on top?
Chalk: pure, plus drying agent, liquid?
Practical uses for urine
Lacing materials for huaraches
Logic behind hikers yielding to horses?
PLB or satphone rental in the USA?
Trekking near Berlin
How to repair rubber welly boots?
Allemansr&#228;tten: What restrictions?
Guy Ropes and Wildlife
Am I liable for damage or injuries caused by my dog?
Do you footprint the inside of your tent, outside, or both?
What is the most energy efficient way to get food in the wilderness(Central Sweden)?
Pack to carry two 30 L barrels
What is the longest time you can go, eating only freeze-dried food?
Climbing Mt Kazbek in Georgia
Why does sunscreen not work all day?
How should I remove a tick?
Wood versus plastic trail signs?
&quot;Used&quot; top rope when bouldering
Chacos: Toe strap or no toe strap?
How long is an activated charcoal filter good for after initial use?
Does &quot;Cow Tipping&quot; hurt the cow?
What Canadian national/provincial/territorial parks permit random backcountry camping, if any?
How do I determine if a tent can handle strong wind?
Thunderstorms in the Canadian Rockies in September?
Is there a Canadian equivalent to Forestry Rangers
Sunblock for clothing-optional camping
When should I retire my rope
What’s special about a winter gas mixture? Why does it work better?
How do you stop blood-flow from a leech bite?
A list of suitable foods for a long hike
If a national park trail with its campsites has been decommisioned, can I still hike and camp there?
Should one run (or walk) back to civilization if bitten by a rattlesnake?
A fishing pole for lake and ocean fishing
Cutting snow steps on slopes
What is SPF in sunscreen cream?
Reliable supplier of Ultrafire batteries
what boots are good for caving?
Cooking over a fire
How to anchor a raft on a river
How should a climbing rope be cleaned?
Backpacking and primitive camping near Chicago?
Is my tent pole a lightning rod?
What should I do when caught in lightning while in my tent?
What are the advantages and disadvantages between gas, liquid and solid fuel?
Legality of &quot;semi-permanent&quot; wooden structures in state and national forests in the US
Maxpedition Condor 2 unresolved questions
Are there any phobia-friendly ways to deal with flies?
Swimming across a strong current
Do I need to hang a bear cache?
Best way to illuminate a tent?
What kinds of wood work well in a bow drill?
What temperatures can I expect in caves compared to surface?
What is a good knife for survival in a forested environment?
What spider is it? Dangerous or not?
Why is a &quot;Czech bed roll&quot; called this? History, uses?
Ways of attaching a DSLR on a ACT Trail 32 backpack
Where can I find visitor statistics for Canadian provincial and territorial parks?
Are carabiners useful tools to have in the wilderness? If so, what would they be used for?
Considerations for buying windsurfing boards?
Can you use a loop-to-loop going braid to mono/fluoro?
Warmest and lightest solution for torso
Add more external space to my ACT Trail 32
Does windsurfing experience help me to learn kitesurfing?
How to do maintenance for a trekking backpack?
How are backcountry campground reservations enforced?
What is a freestanding tent and why should I want one?
Depth Perception in the Mountains
What are the key differences between Mountaineering and Rock Climbing?
European Made fishing rods
Advantages of wool/felt jackets
What does it need to maintain clothes including membranes
What should I look for when buying a Lensatic Compass
What to consider when buying fins for recreational snorkeling?
Memorial Day Backpacking in the Northwest
Why can&#39;t a Figure-of-8 descender be used for SRT?
How to dry wet shoes quickly?
How to harden feet to avoid blisters on long hikes
Hardshell vs. Softshell jackets
Where in Europe is wilderness meeting the U.S. wilderness definition?
License for international hunters in Canada
How to prepare for a 1 day 10 mi hike around Gettysburg, PA?
How dangerous is it to fall 3 meters when lead climbing?
Gloves for knuckle protection that can get wet but not necessarily waterproof
How to preserve cheese while backpacking?
Where should a band be tied to stop bleeding from wound?
Who places the bolts on rock climbing routes, and how?
Could burning Jagera (Foambark) create an allergic reaction?
Is it safe to cut a climbing rope in half?
Scarpa Manta - what size
What are the consequences of — illegally — using a 446 MHz PMR in the North American wilderness?
Is it a good Idea to drink grape sap if you have no clean water?
How can I contact emergency services in the US via the internet?
Canvas vs Nylon Tent for Car Camping
Anti-theft tracking device: how to configure it to deal with the battery?
Some mobile helper for tree climbing?
Dangers of currents for windsurfers
Resources for finding public hunting land
Wild berries in Southern California
When do I need a permit to go into nature?
Advice for first Grand Canyon Hike for Eastern Hikers
What is considered a water source, and why is it recommended to camp so far from them?
How safe is it to hike alone?
What parks are still open during the US government shutdown?
What practical issues do I need to be aware of when hiking or camping on my own?
Indoor vs. Outdoor sport climbing
Kayaking - &#39;Brand&#39; ? and Plastic vs. Fiberglass?
Backup prusik for Abseiling: Where does it go?
What&#39;s the difference between Sport Climbing and Traditional Climbing
Climbing guide for the Yorkshire Dales
How long is the battery life of a GPS tracker, when used to detect motion only?
In Canada, does a frontcountry campground kitchen shelter typically include a freezer?
What routes in the Canadian Rockies have minimum group sizes (and where can I find about those)?
When (if ever) do backcountry campsites in the major Canadian national parks in the Rocky Mountains grow quiet?
Places for canyoning in England / Wales
How do you determine how long a hike will take?
Primitive fire starting in northeastern Brazil
What hikes are must-do at the Grand Canyon north rim?
What should I do for a dislocated shoulder?
Where to buy ethanol in Canada?
What is the difference between men&#39;s and women&#39;s hiking boots?
Are there any easy hiking daytrips up mountains in Lofoten, Norway?
How important is thermal underwear for skiing?
How to deal with aggressive homeless when exploring urbex?
Do &quot;R&quot; Values Add proportionally
Splitting up weight hiking as a couple/mixed gender group
How should you wash clothes after exposure to poison oak/ivy/sumac?
Effective technique for crossing high and dense mountain pine
Is playing musical instruments like Harp/Harmonica, Flute unsafe during backpacking trips?
Gloves for alpine tours in summer
Advantages of types of sleeping bags over another
Can I camp in the backcountry outside backcountry campsites in Jasper National Park?
What are some good gluten-free foods for backpacking?
Rappelling with an injured arm
Improving sport climbing skills
What is a place in the U.S.A that is between 40-60 degrees year round and doesn&#39;t get a ton of rain?
Is it safe to use denatured alcohol as an antiseptic?
Why did my new sleeping bag come with 2 bags - one large and one stuff sack?
Hiking boot help
What sort of weird (interesting) rock is this?
Trekking poles: Collapsed or fixed?
What would be a safe ascent rate when mountaineering?
What EXACTLY is the chemical coating on the outside of GoreTex?
What options are available for hunting feral boar on Hawaii?
Color vision deficiency a dead end for mountaineering career, as an athlete?
Why is the category called &quot;Open&quot; in climbing competitions?
Taking only the part that I need from OSM to my Garmin
What to do at the top of a sport climb
Is there any upper temperature limit for a given sleeping bag?
Sizing up high altitude boots
Replacing rope/cord/tape/slings on protection gear
What is the proper tension for a tent line
Is it normal for a double skin popup tent to leak in slight rain?
What should I look for if I want to buy a winter-proofed tent?
What is the true risk of suffocation from different combustion sources in a tent? (CO2, CO)
How water proof are these kinds of tents?
What&#39;s the difference between a 2, 3, 4, and 5 season tent?
Can/Should I cook in my tent?
How often should I waterproof a tent?
To stuff or not to stuff (the rain-fly of a tent)
How do I remove mildew from a tent?
Vibram FiveFingers, useful, gimic?
What material is the wick under the burner on a multi-fuel stove?
Pros and cons of Tent vs bivvy bag
Where is a good place in California to go gold panning for a beginner?
Will the benefit of an axe outweigh the drawbacks and win over a large knife?
How to store a backpack while sleeping?
Stability and ergonomics of Garmin Etrex 20
When should I use spray-on versus wash-in waterproofer for treating DWR garments?
Climbing through the cracks
How should I check the anchor is secure when I anchoring a small yacht off unfamiliar land?
What do I do if I lose my belay plate?
What specific features should I take into account when buying GPS device for Geocaching?
How to carry water in freezing temperatures?
What is a &quot;stitch-and-glue&quot; kayak?
Why should the angle in a rope attached to two anchors be 60 degrees or less?
What is the difference in terms of application of a rucksack with greater than 50L capacity?
How to harden feet for walking barefoot on harsh surfaces?
What free/open source maps can I put on my Garmin etrex vista HCX for walking in southern spain?
unbreathable single wall tent with gutters
Why go without socks with climbing shoes?
How can I keep my iPhone going on a multiday hike?
Minimizing ecological impact of winter-sports in the backcountry
How safe is it to travel from Kathmandu to Lukla without Flying the distance?
How to apply duct tapes and mole skin to prevent blisters?
Food nutrition for week long hike
FiveFingers or hiking boots?
FiveFingers Spyridon for Climbing?
Rougher treks with Vibram Fivefingers
What kind of features should I look for on a good trekking backpack?
Will gelled fuel work in a cat can stove?
What scientific evidence is there about the causes and prevention of running injuries?
Trekking in Mongolia without a guide?
Consequences of crossing rails when looking for caches?
Do bear-safe rules still apply in the winter?
Can I upgrade my MSR Wisperlite International to also be able to burn propane?
How to take care of steel crampons?
Tent for High Altitude Trekking
How do you fashion a spear with a fixed blade
What are the advantages of a double sleeping bag?
Difference between Gore-Tex Pro Shell and Gore-Tex Active Shell
What precautions are needed for caving
Dealing with rashes between thighs and around the groin
Micro-Fractures in Climbing Equipments
When to perform a filtering of the water?
What&#39;s the maximum temperature difference wind-chill can account for?
What clothing would be appropriate for hiking in -18&#176;C with up to 30 km/hr wind?
Where in New Zealand is wild camping permitted?
How can rope/cordage be packed to minimize tangles?
Do mountains really make their own weather, and if so why?
Campervans - larger vs smaller
Trekking poles on planes
How do you keep the inside of your backpack organized?
Hemp socks and wicking properties
Use of gore-tex for a DIY Double-layer hammock
What is a good knot to tie a short loop around a bracelet?
Good quality walking maps for Spain
Potability measure of water on Volcanic Mountains
Transfer data from Suunto Ambit2 without Movelink
What are some effective ways of removing stains from my bush knife?
What is the ultimate car camping bed solution -- for two people?
Are there any reliable and/or easy to use &quot;rule of thumb&quot; guides for windchill calculations?
What are good designs for volunteer-buildable trail bridges?
Roping together on an icy path?
How to wash hiking boots
What purpose does a mesh liner serve in outdoors clothing?
Can a Finger Pulley injury be predicted / anticipated?
What&#39;s the mountain on North Face&#39;s ad?
Can you use a rope that has been in storage for a few years?
Is it possible to check the safety of a used climbing rope?
Preventing cross-loading on belay carabiners
Affordable South Korea topographic or hiking maps, in particular for the Jeju Olle trail
What type of oil to use for axe heads
Hauling a pack during climbing
Placing protection efficiently when leading trad?
How can I acclimatize to cold?
Dealing with very cold climate (clothing)
How to assure safe searching for cache hidden in my own backyard?
Make UPS-like cache searchable in winter
Pink Winter Sleeping Bags
Are there Latex Free climbing tapes
Trekking maps of Svanetia available abroad?
Are Trangia and MSR fuel bottles inter changeable?
How to estimate is the branch thick enough to stand on it?
Safe looking for caches in hollows
How to choose a safe cliff path
Replacement tap for Coleman 5 gal. water carrier
What is the proper way to tarp tent to avoid condensation?
Keeping warm in an emergency
Strengthening exercises for a backpacking trip?
Orienteering skill organized trainings in Germany?
Formula for rough amount of water to carry on hike?
Carry compound bow on back
Am I allowed to swim in the Austrian Alps lakes?
Tips for a novice backpacker
Getting Alpine Touring (a.k.a Randonee) boots for big feet
Planning a Trip with strangers
Taking and using bearings
Testing waterproofness of outdoor apparel
How to hide something at the telestation?
Sandpapering Finger Tips
Is it realistic to teach yourself rock climbing?
How to dry paddling gloves
How can I tell when water is contaminated with industrial chemicals without any special equipment?
How to pick a trekking/hiking shoelaces?
What are the best resources for learning about foraging?
Can you keep your feet warm in ski boots on a very cold day?
Factors to be considered and prepared in case of unavoidable bivouac
Small fitting outerwear
Experiences hiking with a baby: diapers
Shall I buy a Large size shell if I am wearing Medium size Down Jacket?
How to choose a fire steel and use it most effectively?
How to get rid of the smell from indoor climbing shoes?
Abandoning a multi pitch climb
Trekking solo in Western Ghats, India
A Hat or a Cap?
Would a scope from an air gun work on a &quot;real&quot; gun?
What is the safest way to purify water?
Is there a standard set of light signals for mountaineers?
Making my own Vapor Barrier Liner for a mummy sleeping bag
Does hiking with a dog in bear country increase or decrease your risk of a bear encounter?
Freezing fingers and toes
What mountain is it?
Should I expect reptiles in Southwest USA deserts in winter?
What shoes to wear while climbing monolithic granite rocks?
Effective measures to minimize the damage due to Snow-blindness?
What should I do with possible frostbite: Swollen feet after putting them in warm water
First crampon grade to buy
Which side of an emergency blanket should I use?
Climbing volcanic mountains
Are there any specific guidelines for edible plants in North America?
Devils path shuttle
Walking through a Thigh-high snow
Could smoking pipe tobacco or a cigar attract bears and/or other wildlife?
Are headaches a bad sign at altitude?
Are nutrition bars/energy bars good for high altitude treks?
How to rappel on an over-hanging cliff?
What are the relative advantages of .308 and .30-06
What type of mosquito repellent is most effective?
Do CO2-based mosquito traps work?
What should I do about a reviewer who leaks final coordinates?
How do I tie a figure of 8 knot
Can Primaloft One be Layered?
&quot;Must Have&quot; in a starter Trad Rack
How many calories (aprox.) do we lose when washing in (very) cold water?
Is it really necessary to gut a fish?
Lowe Alpine - TFX Cerro Torre: pack is moving to sides
Where can I find current information on shelters in the Swedish mountains?
Body weight compressing Down insulation in Sleeping Bag
Warmth of two sleeping bags
Carry a larger water bottle or a smaller water bottle for backpacking?
Rock Climbing - Beginner&#39;s Guide for Quick Improvement?
Royalex vs Royalite
What foods should I avoid when backpacking?
How can I boost morale on long backpacking trips?
Is caffeine helpful or hurtful when backpacking?
Do higher shoes breathe less?
Avoiding tangles when leading on double ropes
How do I mount a hangboard in an apartment?
How do you determine worm color for Large Mouth Bass
Is it really that unsafe to touch a stranger&#39;s wound?
Are Ice grips worth buying
Sleeping pad inside or outside bivy bag?
What Rope to purchase?
What is the strength of an ATC belay device when used in a multi-pitch climb setup?
Tips for travelling through Europe with just a tent
Does my layering system need adjusting?
Dealing with wildlife in the desert of California/Nevada in general and in the White Mountains in particular
How can I practice Climbing without the actual wall and/or equipment?
Is it safe to use a motorcycle helmet instead of a skiing helmet for skiing?
Cramping Fingers
Do leeches have a preference?
Can body-to-body rewarming be used as a last resort treatment of hypothermia?
Is it ever safe to let a hypothermic person sleep?
Minimal northwest mountain camping with emerg. bivvy and tarp?
Energy bars for outdoors activities: what are the important criteria?
How do you prevent mold in CamelBak hydration bladders?
Can snow lead to dehydration?
Refillable camping stoves for use in the UK
Can heartwood be used for fire?
What are the proper precautions/protocols for storing food while car camping in an area with bears?
How to use a Rap Ring
What is scientific relation between body weight and backpack weight in mountain climbing?
Pros and Cons of paracord
Keeping the things interesting in a small climbing gym
Can pregnant women parasail?
How can I hike across the Grand Canyon if I don&#39;t have a backcountry permit?
How do you wash your water repellent apparel (DWR)?
Will any filter/pump purifier last through longer hikes?
What exercises should you do before a ski trip to build leg stamina?
What fall factor will cause me to hit the deck with a typical dynamic rope?
What shoes keep me warm in the cold?
How do I set a top rope anchor?
What is a typical elongation of a dynamic climbing rope?
When climbing should a carabiner ever be clipped to the tie-in loops, and should anything other than a carabiner ever attach to the belay loop?
Do iodine water treatment tablets have negative effects?
Trek-able peaks in the himalayan range
What is the recommended wilderness first aid treatment for a scorpion sting?
How to deal with a rifle scope where the relief is too short?
How to put trekking poles in back pack?
Is a mother bear more defensive during early summer compared to late summer and autumn?
Is backcountry hiking in northwestern Russia safe?
What alternative topographic maps exist in the USA?
Thermal insulation of truck cap
How much more difficult is the haute route than the Annapurna trek?
John Muir&#39;s Gear List
I am looking for a two way radio/device with constant contact
Are Personal Flotation Devices a good idea when rafting?
Does whiskey help keep you warm in winter?
Suitable Food for moderate to High altitude trekking
Sweating in sleeping bag
Will using a sleeping bag stop the body from adapting to cold?
What is the main purpose of the foam inside a self-inflating mat?
How do you dry wet socks when camping/backpacking if it&#39;s raining and the socks cannot be hung to dry outside
How can I tell if a natural snow-bridge is safe to cross?
What backpacking water purification techniques can be substituted safely during a city&#39;s boil order?
Gaiters possible to use on flat/minimal shoes?
What is the difference between external and internal-frame packs?
How bright a flashlight would I realistically need for searching through terrain?
What are the repercussions of entering National parks during US Government shutdown?
What is the best way to cross streams while backpacking?
Where can you find an online elevation profile of Tahoe Rim Trail?
How to tell when a muzzleloader nipple needs to be replaced?
What to do with old hydration bladders?
New Zealand recommended hiking maps, books and other resources
Why do we need to pee more than usual out in cold weather?
How does cam strength change with the retraction angle?
Which one is scientifically better for carrying water during an expedition: A hard fiber bottle or an Aluminium Bottle?
How to realize/judge/assume if one has now fully acclimatized?
How do I prevent soreness due to friction when swimming?
Knot for Joining the ropes of different thicknesses
Could I have a postmortem on this suburban raccoon encounter?
Surviving a forest fire by starting another fire
Where to store non-food related trash in bear territory?
Scafell Pike ascent
For fording cold rivers, is there any special clothing (as opposed to makeshift bags or tightly connected raintrousers) to stay dry and warm?
Speed hiking how do I to calculate it?
An x-hour hike. Is that to the peak/summit or back and forth?
How can a walking style be changed?
How can I signal for help in the wilderness?
Can I use satellite images as hiking maps, how?
Sleeping solutions when camping with dogs?
What&#39;s the UPF of a T-Shirt or jeans?
Do I need to break in double plastic mountaineering boots?
Clarification need on layering principle for head in wet/rainy conditions
Clarification sought on the six-inch-cat-hole rule
How do I tie a slackline with only carabiners and webbing?
What does glass mean in the context of hunting?
What to do when a black bear got a hold of an open bear can?
Alternatives to retreating quickly when caught in a lightning storm when rock climbing?
How to cope with thorns when hiking barefoot?
What&#39;s the fastest and easiest way to replace an in-boom outhaul?
Bootstrapping for outdoors
Buying a Backpacking Knife
Do kevlar sacks work against bears?
When should pregnant women avoid buckling a backpack&#39;s waist straps?
How do female-urination-devices perform on long backpacking trips?
Can bears smell empty beer bottles?
How does Frogg Toggs Polypropylene measure up?
Learning to find north using moon phases
Are the orienteering marches popular in Germany?
Tie in to harness, top to bottom or bottom to top
At what point do I need snow goggles or glacier glasses when hiking?
Can the Swiss Alps be hiked in the winter?
Is titanium cookware safe?
What are the suitable choices of crampons for Scarpa Charmoz GTX Women boots?
How to make a fire in the wild, without burning the ground?
How to estimate the depth of a pool of water from a distance above?
How to make a fire without burning the ground
Is there an equivalent of &quot;The A.T. Guide&quot; for the Pacific Crest Trail?
Backpacking in southern NY or PA
How to prepare for and survive wildfire?
Features to look for when buying a stove (for car camping)
How do I use these &quot;guy line runners&quot; to adjust the tension on my tent&#39;s lines?
Can you tell if a plant is edible by watching what animals eat it?
Assault II vs Hunter Pro
outdoor reading - are there any outdoorsy comics?
How similar are Ecoque grills to Pyromid grills?
Which is more durable: Hard shell or soft shell?
Non-gun hunting tools for small game
Why don&#39;t we apply the principles of layering when it comes to pants?
Is cold shock response a real danger, if someone is used to cold water?
How to ignite coal on grill device without using kindling?
Which layer should have a hood (for rainy conditions)?
Fly fishing rig knots
I&#39;ve found a GeoKret, what can I do with it?
Walk-away fishing
What is a safe type of backyard zip line for kids and adults to use?
Can I shoot a bear in self-defense?
Chasing with mosquitoes
Is it safe to drink hot water? How hot can it be?
Who places the anchors that rock climbers use?
Are there 1-person 4-season tents?
What resources are needed to attempt E3?
Is emergency overnighting using hammock/canvas tent considered wild camping (Europe/Germany)?
How to deal with hail outdoors without special equipment?
What type of pole can be used for trout while backpacking?
Bear spray vs. rifles against polar bears?
How to carry dslr camera when rock-climbing
Recipe for backcountry ice cream?
How to maintain climbing strength while training for a marathon
What collapsible or compact skis should I get for communiting?
Rifugio (Mountain Hut) trek in Austria
Improvising Heavy Rain Protection for a Backpack
Is it generally allowed to walk in German forests in the night?
Does a red headscarf or hat provide better protection from the sun?
Training to prepare for oxygen deficiency in the high mountains
What are the dangers of swimming in natural waters?
How much warmth dead leaves add if placed under your tent/pad?
Logs &amp; Rocks - Step on or over?
Hiking in the Pyrenees late July/early August, what track should I do?
Do I need to worry about feral dogs or even wolves if I camp in random areas while hitchhiking in Georgia (the country)?
Does having sex in the back-country attract bears or other critters?
What is Arc&#39;Teryx Technical down?
Are bears more attracted to menstruating females?
Is bear spray effective against other animals?
What are the minimum set of shoes required for hiking outdoors
How to Tell When Minimal Running Shoes Are Worn Out?
What range should I expect for a reasonable set of walkie-talkies / two-way radio?
Camping Meal Ideas
What are the odds that I stand a chance against Wild Boars?
Is it safe to swim naked in lakes in Northern Europe?
What style of camelback hydrating systems exist out there?
what to do with the lap coiled rope if the belayer wishes to lead consecutive pitches
Whats the best way to abseil off a ledge with the anchor at foot level?
PLB, SPOT, and similar services; is there any relevant difference in reliability?
Geocaching or alternative game/activity to learn the basics of GPS navigation in terrain
Will barefoot walking harden the skin and help prevent blisters when trekking in heavy shoes?
Recovering from Hypothermia
Hardening the skin on the whole body (not only soles)
Recipe for baking bread/cake on the trail
I&#39;m a data geek and I want to buy a watch for running, what should I get?
Is it possible to do the whole turn of the Mont Blanc (TMB) by bike?
Basics of Via Ferrata
swapping lead when climbing in a group of three using a pair of half ropes
How do I know that I need to add an insole to my shoe?
Rappelling in the Rain
What is the correct way to attach an autoblock to your harness for rappelling?
Sailing with a child
Emergency measures: sleeping bag not suitable for the current weather
How to clean the ceramic filter of a water pump?
How to get rid of bad smell in hiking boots after they have been soaked?
How can I keep my backpack safe?
6 day trek in Nepal Himalaya
Raw meat on hikes
What backwoods trick to get pure water produces the most safe water?
Sustainable systems for carrying out human waste
Precautions needed to be taken regarding bee hives (honey) during Climbs
How can I report an emergency via SMS text message?
Is the lookout safe?
How do I find a less crowded trail in the southeast on the 4th?
Identifying named peaks from the summit of a north-american peak
Where to keep valuables when separated from them
Two to four day backpacking trip in Washington State for May
How do I get started duck hunting?
What do you do for sun allergy?
Are there beaches on the East Coast (US) where one can camp without a permit?
Are sleeping bags needed in southern Spain in summer?
Are barberries edible?
Is there a kayak / paddleboard for large people?
How to prevent bear bag line from tangling?
Sailing with an infant
How is hygiene possible with ocean water only?
old windfinder forecast googlemap
How tight should the line be kept for toproping?
How do I properly use the cinch-straps that came with my daypack?
Running shoes for asphalt + winter conditions?
What does &quot;expedition-weight&quot; mean with regard to clothing?
Washing dishes with seawater or freshwater?
What should you be aware of when planning late-season or summer skiing?
5-hour loop hike near Boulder, Colorado
How do you remove mold from a tent?
What features to consider when buying a bouldering slipper?
If an autoblock inteferes with a belay device will a fireman belay have any effect?
Prevent mosquito bites: insect repellent patch or just eat vitamin B1?
Is there a web application that can notify you ahead of time if a certain weather forecast is predicted for a certain location?
reliability and performance of NIS mounting plates (x-country skis)
NIS mounting plate for x-country skis: why only for NNN bindings?
How to select a good GPS receiver?
While backpacking, should one bring hand sanitizer, soap, or both?
Trekking in the himalayan region
Selecting backpacking cooking pot – teflon, aluminum, steel, titanium, or cast iron?
Can I get away with less advanced food storing methods if backpacking in areas where meeting bears is unlikely?
Comfy inflatable pillows for car camping
Should food be in a bear bag/canister even when I&#39;m hiking?
How do you get the right shape on trim-to-fit insoles?
A removeable solution for slipping insoles?
Water-resistant shoes for Trekking in New Zealand
How are backpacking conditions at Yosemite in April?
Thinking about a road trip out West
What is water resistant down and how is it made?
Is there a consensus or ethic for rappelling off a tree?
When rock climbing, what is the difference between top-roping and leading?
Different kinds of Down: comparing insulation
How do I Plan a Hiking Trip to Rocky Mountain National Park, CO
How can I go camping in Nepal and Northern Pakistan?
Is there a difference in performance between a fishing kayak and touring kayak?
GPS topo map downloads
Techniques for building a raft from wood
What do unusual waymarks in France mean?
How would you evaluate sailing lessons for adults?
ski damaged from sticks, leaves, soil, etc?
When should you repair rock gouges in skis?
How should I remove a leech?
Avalanche forecast in North America?
Tips for outdoor during the dark winter?
How much gear will the AT eat?
How harmful is the rising/setting sun?
Camping in (US) national forests
How small is &quot;too small&quot; for tent guylines?
How to inspect climbing bolts?
What should be carried in a standard Geocaching bag?
How should we split up a 3 person tent?
Why are there ropes on fingerboards?
Will glucosamine and chondroitin sulphate prevent or repair damage to climbers’ fingers?
What kinds of things are the &quot;defensive driving&quot; equivalent to handling campfires?
Should I re-wax downhill skis after using skins?
Covering up ears at higher altitudes
What do I do to prevent and treat frostbite?
Thermal rating on vintage sleeping bags
Winter Camping: How to warm up your boots in the morning?
Trekking poles with many attachments?
End of Winter/Spring Camping
What kinds of stores sell multi-mode (adjustable-brightness) flashlights?
Winter Camping Resources or Books?
Keeping smoke level in a wigwam low
How can you navigate without a compass or GPS
Liners and Travel sheets
How can I &#39;inflate&#39; or plump up my my sleeping bag?
Rapid backpack readying
Caveats of dual (propane, liquid) fuel stoves
wilderness maps
Which type of power boat do I need for overnight trips?
Preferred way to wrap someone with Hypothermia?
What are the key sites to see on a short trip through Oregon?
What is a &quot;fast pack&quot; setup for a tent?
Trekking Pole vs Nordic Walking Pole
Facility to test cold weather gear in London UK
Can I use a garbage bag to approximate pack size
How far is a reasonable distance for someone to hike on their first trip?
Where can I find if a fixed blade knives is legal to carry around in a given country?
Experiences hiking with a baby: backpacks
How efficient is the Altai skis &quot;the Hok&quot;?
When do small waterfalls get significant freezing
What do you do if the fire does get &quot;out of control&quot;?
How can I physically prepare for high altitude hiking?
Is it safe to eat poison ivy berries since I don&#39;t react to the leaves?
coolest summertime baselayer?
Do bag liners add the same warmth value to all sleeping bags?
Do cross-country skis need to be broken-in?
Booking Alpine huts
Do folding cross country skis exist?
Interactive online map of long-distance / marked trails against best freely available topographic map background
How to find a secluded cabin to rent
What everyday tasks can be adapted in a way that helps build muscles and technique for bouldering?
Safe to use Old Water Filter?
Are roads in Iceland closed to hikers outside the winter?
Is there a problem on using each boot manufactured on a different period?
Is freeze-dried food healthy?
What to do about slippery plastic soles of cross country ski boots
Do rescue services use avalanche transceivers in the UK?
Do I need to worry about snow covering up my tent?
End-of-season maintenance / storage tips for ski boots?
Bowline knot, end at the inside or outside?
Good &quot;real&quot; fridge for car camping
Trekking Pole Length
Are folding poles suitable for cross-country skiing?
Can I sail a raft on a European river with commercial traffic?
What&#39;s the name of the old cross country ski boots with three holes at the front?
What areas in the south-western US are the wildest?
Boot tongue orientation?
May hiking in Eastern California
Safe Way to Mark a Carabiner
Good resources for information about hiking trails near Boston
One-day hike around Prague
SkyDive Equipment
Should I use my cold weather boots in 40-80&#176;F weather?
Practicality of Beards
How do I know what size ice axe I should get?
What good factual books have you read on an outdoors topic?
Trousers and jacket for winter walk up to 1085m (Snowdon)
What’s the difference between a B and a T ice axe?
What are a few backpacking foods that have the calories yet are lightweight?
Legal issues when entering school areas while geocaching in Europe
Dome tents vs popup tents, are there any inherent pros or cons besides price and ease?
How should I check climbing equipment to tell whether it is still safe to use?
Art supplies on backpacking trips
Minimizing impact of small groups on wilderness areas
Tent and sleeping bag: pack inside or strap outside a backpack?
For what it&#39;s worth: climbing-tape
When does a geocached area become &quot;saturated&quot;?
What gear for sleeping in wild camping in western Scotland in May?
What are essential items in an emergency kit?
How long does it take to hear back about a Grand Canyon Backcountry permit application
How to avoid the layer of ice inside a water bottle during winter activities?
What are different knots named in English?
Barefoot Backpacking: Liquid Boots?
What&#39;s the best protection for my knees while bouldering?
Packing delicate equipment for a hike
Is a national forest always a forest?
Should I register caches when I know in longer perspective I will move?
Fixing a Jetboil igniter
What can I use to label my medicine tubes?
Difference between a Fingerboard and a Hangboard
Can I replace Dish soap?
Hiking popularity in North America vs. Europe
Long distance hiking trail markings in North America or parts thereof
Safest months to hike in Colorado
Is cougar hunting legal?
What natural (non-synthetic) fabrics are good for the winter?
Winter food: which types of food are less inclined to freeze?
How much heat can a candle lantern provide while winter camping?
How long does mayonnaise last unrefrigerated in the back-country?
what are the criteria that should be taken in consideration when buying a PLB?
What are the key factors when choosing a sleeping bag for backpacking?
Does the solar powered fridge work as advertised whilst hiking?
Would it be acceptable to plant OC&#39;s mobile cache into GC&#39;s caches?
How to clean a sleeping bag ?
Adequate Shoes for Travel
Repairing a North Face Tent rain cover
What dried vegetarian foods have the highest ratio of calories to volume?
What are the best ways to increase your draw weight?
What do you do if you see a cougar?
How do I inspect a climbing rope?
What is a good material to patch holes in backpack?
What is a travel bug?
Beginner Ski Touring - Avalanche Terrain
Trail maintenance: what is considered inappropriate when maintaining a trail?
Is a varied diet necessary while backpacking?
Snowshoes for hilly terrain
Moose: How to decrease the risk of being injured?
The outdoors, solitude and dealing with loneliness
Are there any exceptions to the layer principle?
How can I prevent my sun glasses from fogging up when skiing?
What is the benefit to telemark skiing?
How can I identify edible berries/fruit from poisonous?
Should I always take a hard hat if I go scrambling?
Where can I get Tyvek maps?
What are examples of inappropriate places to hide a geocache?
How do you determine current trail conditions before going on a hike?
When sailing, how do I rescue a man overboard?
Things to consider when choosing a sailing club
Additional boating rules in addition to COLREGS?
Are PLBs banned or otherwise useless anywhere?
What is a buff?
What can I do to prevent altitude sickness?
What are some natural glues found in nature?
What is a a good source of vitamin C in the wild?
Recommendations for two-way radios to use while skiing
finger grip improvement exercisers
What are some good ways to waterproof a geocache / letterbox?
What&#39;s the best writing implement to carry to sign a Geocache?
How can I improve my footwork while rock-climbing?
Apart from down, is there any outdoor material that should not be stored stuffed?
Tool for draining/crushing isobutane fuel canister
Performance of fur garments?
Are there significant behaviour differences among bear species to adopt different safety rules?
Is there a large difference in WFA (Wilderness First Aid) programs?
Can a PVC rain jacket also be used as a windbreaker?
What should I look for in a rope for climbing?
How to heal &quot;blown tips&quot; faster after a climb?
Are 35mm film canisters safe for holding spices?
How to seam seal Tyvek?
What kind of Tyvek is suitable for footprint material
Climbing Insurance
How to prevent skin cracks?
How do I light a spirit (ethanol) stove when it&#39;s cold?
Outdoor activities in San Francisco when it&#39;s misty and raining?
Tips for hunting nocturnal deer
Jerky or Freeze-dried food : Is the salt they contain a concern?
What lower temperature limit should I look for in sleeping bag for the Appalachian Trail?
Winter food : Should I change my habits for winter?
How do people safely trek in polar bear country?
Does camping in polar bear country require someone to keep guard during the night?
What characteristics should I look for in a good torch/flashlight?
How do I reseal a tent bottom with many pinprick holes
What is a self erecting tent and why should I want one?
Destination for (half-) day hike near Krak&#243;w, Poland in late autumn/early winter
How can I build a safe, effective igloo?
How do I recognise quicksand and how do I get out if stuck?
What are the advantages of learning to ski on a trip? (as opposed to beforehand)
What are some mortal dangers in temperate woods?
How to be safe on lake and river ice and what should I do when I fall through?
What are some things to keep in mind when stealth camping?
Near-realtime satellite snow-cover imagery via easy web-interface
City tickets as exchange objects?
How do you know if smaller brands of climbing equipment are safe?
Pack recommendations for running?
Climbing rope is rated to X UIAA falls. What is a UIAA fall?
How can you make snares safe?
How do you best treat a turned ankle in the back country?
Cascades mountaineering school
When buying a wooden boat, fixer-upper or scrapyard?
Should I worry about moisture in my inflatable sleeping pad?
What proven alternatives are there to DEET?
How do I treat a blister? How can I prevent getting them in the first place?
Are there something like student mountain guides clubs in Western Europe?
How many GeoCaches are registered in Germany by OpenCaching?
Does Moss only grow on the North side of trees?
How can I locate the leak in a inflatable pad, while hiking
What are the options for stopping wetsuit booties becoming water logged?
Bleaching Dyneema/Spectra
How should I correctly use poles and other equipment to avoid back pain on long hikes?
What are some proven methods of training for week long backpacking trips in high altitude?
Is buying an expensive sleeping bag better?
Storing Fuel Canisters with Stove Pump Attached
What&#39;s the best climbing website?
Spectra/Dyneema groundsheet punctures
How to estimate current speed and direction at sea?
How do I reduce bow string travel on a bow drill?
Will Iodine Tablets Ruin My CamelBak?
How to properly lace hiking boots?
Soft or hard drinking bottle?
How much waterproofing spray to apply to my softshell jacket
Which types of wood will make food taste bad?
How much garlic in the mountain kitchen?
Is it safe to use water purification tablets after their expiration date?
Gloves, but not for keeping warm?
Rain pants for tall people
How big a fall is a &quot;major&quot; fall?
Campsites in Virginia which allow alcohol?
Is there an accepted way to self-belay yourself on top rope?
What should I do if caught in a sand storm?
Does a groover have to stink?
What can I do about those obnoxious biting flies?
Are used climbing shoes safe?
What are &quot;Aggressive&quot; climbing Shoes?
Does anyone have an account of someone using a survival tin in a survival situation
How to estimate distance in sea
How do I make a fin selection for various surfing conditions
What hand and finger exercises help with climbing?
When should you be alert for snakes?
What to look for when purchasing a fixed blade knife
Dealing with a campsite that is full of rocks or not flat terrain?
What should I do if I break a shoelace in the wilderness?
Changing the shrouds, how would I know how far if I need to?
Number of people in a boat?
Bending wood, how do I know it is far enough?
How do I identify dangerous, marshy land?
Am I allowed to sleep in the wild in the Austrian Alps?
How to maximise the chances of survival when stranded in open sea?
Tanto or Utility knife to carry mountaineering?
What are the key features to look for in mobile device apps for hiking/camping?
Is there simple guidance on sunburn risk associated with altitude?
Tent floor waterproof rating
What are the critical dimensions to a safe bear-bag?
Forecasting the weather in the wilderness
How does one dry clothes in humid weather?
How do I prevent rocks or sand from getting in my boots?
Are there boots made for a longer 2nd toe?
How to choose a class of rapids for a variety of skill levels?
What brands make propane lanterns, stoves, heaters, and accessories in America?
What to look out for when buying used backpacks
How to get started with packrafts?
What qualities should I look for in a good walking pole?
Probability of Being Struck by Lightning
Calculating time until sunset
Wax paper as a fire starter
The best solution for carrying a D-SLR when hiking
How much vertical distance is it possible to make in a day?
Big group/basecamp tent
What types of kayaks are suitable for occasional class 1 and 2 rapids
What pre/post season maintenance is recommended for a 2 cycle outboard motor?
What can I do I to loosen up my outboard steering?
How to make two strand cord or string?
Should I leave my boat lift above water or submerged?
Avoiding compression when packing synthetic sleeping bag
What is the best stroke for swimming in rapids aggressively?
What to look for in a durable, 3-season sleeping bag?
Tree Identification
Will boiling be enough to decontaminate standing water from pathogens and toxins?
Would a tampon be a good addition to a survival kit
Is there any repellent against wasps, bees and hornets?
What to do if you cross paths with a buck?
How is &quot;pack weight&quot; measured
An alternative to geocaching, but with classic maps instead of GPS?
Taking care of hiking backpack
Under which conditions are weather forecasts reliable?
Is it safe to camp in the desert without a tent?
Material of shirt for Desert hiking
Long or short sleeves on a hike in the Desert?
Is there a straightforward way to calculate energy requirements for a trek
What is Geocaching?
How are sleeping bag temperature ratings determined?
Searching for a lost group member
What can an injured person in the outdoors do to prevent infection by flesh-eating bacteria?
Reattaching waterproof rubber on GPS
What are the vitamin considerations for extended backpacking
Group protocol should the group become separated
Finding water in the dry wilderness
Is there a way to light a fire in the wild using rocks?
Is a compass generally accurate in only one hemisphere, or both?
Folding versus fixed blade knives
Is there a website with current river water levels?
Bear bags vs Bear canisters: which is better?
How do I check paracord to determine if it&#39;s genuine?
Why do some knives have one-sided sharpening?
How can I tell when pemmican has spoiled?
Cam Sling Modification
What should I replace guylines with?
How to toughen up hands?
Making own Hammock
How do I correctly clean (remove) Tri-Cams?
Is it illegal to remove rocks from a riverbed in the UK
Exercises to prepare you for high altitude sickness
Is it possible to have wild meat inspected or graded?
How to select paracord
technical clothing and fabric softener
How should I wash Ventile clothing?
After I&#39;ve shot large game, and it escapes, how can I track it?
If I&#39;m caught in lightning above tree-line, what should I do?
Should I get trekking poles for snowshoeing, or stick with ski poles?
What are the options for kayak self-rescue without a paddle float?
What should I do if I&#39;m stung by a scorpion?
Which will drain less body heat: lying on bare earth or bare rock?
How do you safely cut wood with a knife?
Turkey Broadheads
What is the most suitable cooking equipment to use for a long duration in central asia countries?
Minimum equipment recommendations for hammock camping
How can I make/improvise a rope on a trip?
Can any waterborne pathogens survive boiling?
Books to inspire you to get out in nature
Recommended windproof matches?
Is digging a &quot;cold hole&quot; really effective when sheltering in a snowed area?
How do I store my sleeping bag for long periods?
What&#39;s the best way to use up (and dispose of) almost-empty butane canisters?
How can I locate lanes where I can legally drive a 4x4 in the UK?
Navigational gear worldwide
Need Help Choosing A Surf Board
Do reusable &quot;hand coolers&quot; exist?
How can you navigate / determine your location in thick fog?
How can I improve on the straps on my travel pack?
What style crampon should I use for my hiking boots and how do I adjust them?
Looking for a boot recommendation
How do I extend the life of waterproof leather boots?
What is a good starter kit for beginning indoor climbing?
Gas or Electric trolling motor?
A little bit of acclimatisation or no acclimatisation at all?
I put a big gouge in the bow of my canoe going across rocks. How can I fix it?
Indicators of good Atlantic Ocean surf conditions
Should I be careful to use only dry rocks while building a campfire?
What steps should I take if someone starts sinking?
Does wash in waterproofing work on a non-waterproof shell? 
Are there any year round beaches with nearby bouldering?
What are some good games to play with children on hikes?
How should I put out a campfire while away from civilization?
What equipment is recommended when camping with a baby?
Which brands make wider hiking boot sizes?
How can I relieve knee muscle contractions?
Is it okay to trust your health to a mushroom hunters guide?
How effective are portable electric fences?
How to reduce the annoying sound of falling raindrops on a tent?
What is the minimum gap needed for a windscreen on a cat can stove?
How does the Esbit stove perform in cold &amp; wind?
How do I tie a double fisherman&#39;s knot?
How to get more information about a planned tour?
Does any tent manufacturer promise to have replacement parts?
What are some good tips and techniques for packing a backpack?
Cooking by pouring hot water into plastic bags?
How do I store a bivy sack?
What&#39;s the advantage to a bent-shaft paddle?
evenk / siberian hitch
Putting in contact lenses when outdoors
Where to find hiking shorts that last more than a few months?
How to safely carry a fixed-blade knife?
Kilimanjaro expedition - trousers - softshell vs. gore-tex
How should I treat poison ivy?
Magnetic deviation at either pole
How can I calculate the time of sunrise?
What is the impact of clothing color in a tropical jungle environment?
Falling into an ice cold body of water
What good options are there for wine transport?
How to calculate backpacking food requirements for a dog
What is the effect of changing side and edge bevel on ski edges?
What is the best way to break up a fight among dogs on a sled line?
How often should I wax skis?
Left-Handed Helical Fletching
Starting cross-country skiing off trails
NuCanoe 12&#39; vs. NuFontier 12&#39;
If you get a &quot;clean&quot; kill on a deer how long do you have to field dress?
What type of knife should I carry while rock climbing?
How to treat shin splints while backpacking
How do you sharpen a hand chain saw?
Is it possible to improvise a knife sharpener in the wild?
Is it necessary to carry a knife sharpener?
How do I tie a stopper knot?
What qualities to look for in a good emergency whistle?
Kitesurfing optimal conditions
Are there any specific techniques that should be used when starting a fire in the rain?
What can be safely trimmed on a backpack
How can I tell what time it is without a watch?
What pattern for casual planes should a castaway create on a desert island?
What happens to cams after climbing?
Good qualities in carabiners
What makes a good head lamp?
Why tunnel tents for the poles, Geodesic for the mountains?
Which careers allow working in the wild on a daily basis?
How to tell if water is likely to have cryptosporidium?
What are the most important indicators of an high-risk avalanche zone?
Is it legal to collect firewood (to take away) from woods and forests in the UK?
Best/safest wood to carve a spoon from?
How to reduce pain of wasp stings
Which stove fuel has best weight to bulk to heat ratio?
What are the advantages / disadvantages of a rock climbing hat made from hard plastic to one made out of carbon fiber?
How to patch holes in waterproof/breathable jacket?
In rock-climbing, how do I safely belay another climber?
How is ATA measured on a compound bow?
What levels of &#39;waterproofness&#39; and &#39;breathability&#39; should I be looking for in a ski jacket?
For a DIY wood burning stove, is there a significant advantage of the double wall &quot;bushbuddy&quot; style?
Will bug repellent repel deer?
What things should I look for when buying a compass?
Is it practical to get a satellite phone for communication from remote areas?
What should you look for when buying hiking socks?
How do you punch out toes in ski-touring boots?
How to find objective reviews of outdoors gear?
First time camping, need advice
If I cross paths with a bear, what should I do?
what are the differences between high-end sleeping pads and cut to fit foam mats
How to store fuel tablets for travel
Are there performance differences between lead and lead-free ammunition?
Is there a functional safety difference in types of helmets
How to improvise a signal mirror?
Search and rescue costs in Iceland?
Do I need any technical skills to climb Kilimanjaro?
Does Fj&#228;llr&#228;ven produce serious outdoors gear, or is it just trendy?
Should a hiker be concerned about wolves in the back-country?
How could I treat scrapes outdoors without a first aid kit?
What are the rules for eating raw, wild meat?
Handling feminine hygiene on multiple-month treks?
How bad do circumstances need to be before activating a PLB?
What does IBO on a bow mean and how is it calculated?
What precautions should I take when hiking among herds of elk?
Can you eat pine needles in an emergency?
Sky map for tropics
Do I need skins to drag a pulk on skis?
How much fuel to carry for melting snow?
What exercises are recommended to build strength for hiking?
How do I pack a mummy type sleeping bag in a M10 or M28 haversack?
What kind of canteen material will have the least effect on the taste of water?
Staying dry in severe weather
What should you do if you are bitten by a rattlesnake?
Where are good places to look for water sources when I have run out on a multi-day hike?
How to make a signal fire that can be seen miles away
Are there any cheap 1:25K electronic maps for the UK or Europe?
When buying a backpack, what should I pay attention to?
Good ways to avoid snakes when hiking?
Where can I find information on letterboxing in my area?
What are the most effective ways to start a fire in the cold?
What is the best rope to have in a survival situation?
What is the most important survival tool I should have when in the wilderness?
What can I do to prevent getting poison ivy?
Time of high / low tide
Pain in the heel after a hike
Why do shin splints happen?
Is there a way to reduce mosquito bites from swelling
Where in the Alps is it safe to drink the water without filtering?
How long is too long to suffer from constipation in the back country?
How can you prevent trekking pole locking mechanisms from slipping?
Does drinking alcohol cause problems at altitude?
Is it legal to camp on private property in Russia?
How do I treat hot spots and blisters when I have no moleskin?
What to bring into a tree stand?
Is it better to camp in a disturbed area, or pick a new spot and let the first rest?
How can I avoid putting cinder burn holes in my clothing?
How to deal with wet feet?
How do you properly dispose of human waste while snow camping?
What should I do if my raft capsizes?
What is the best material to make an outdoor shelter roof out of?
What mosquito nets can be used while camping?
What kinds of knives are allowed while camping in California?
How can I tie a bowline knot with one hand?
How do I self arrest without an ice axe?
Why does my belay device have two holes?
How can I minimize the risk of tree wells when backcountry skiing?
What essentials should you bring with you on a day hike?
How can I get rid of mold on climbing skins for skis?
Crew requirements for sailing a ketch
How do I catch fish with fish hooks but no bait?
Best sun protection for swimming
Prevent athlete&#180;s foot (re)infection in barefoot shoes?
What is the most effective method to clean skin exposed to poison oak?
Climbing Mount Teide from sea-level
How to hide a trail turn?
How far would you need to fall for it to be fatal?
Basic setup for trout fishing
Eating Matches to repel insects?
Is it better to wear one pair or two pairs of socks while hiking?
Most efficient training before alpine hiking/climbing?
Continue a hike when legs start cramping
Do leeches fall onto prey from trees?
What are the pros and cons of custom-made hiking boots?
What kind of underwear inside union suit in winter?
What is a good (and affordable) sleeping bag for someone who is beginning to backpack?
What happens to rappel anchors?
What do I do if a black bear is right outside my tent?
How to put on footwraps correctly?
Bouldering vs aid climbing vs free climbing vs free solo climbing
Can I heat a shelter with fire?
How To Quickly Warm A Tent
Are there standardized signals to communicate with aircraft?
Surfing competitions, no commentators
Carrying hardboiled eggs when hiking
How can I vet a hiking partner without potential hard feelings?
How do you survive getting towed under a log jam?
If I have to cross an icy, flowing river, what are some ways I can cross safely?
Is climbing an ambidextrous sport?
What is the first thing to do, when buried in an avalanche?
My head torch/lamp has a red mode, why?
Road Trip food on the cheap
What is the most efficient food to take a for a 12-15 day hiking trip?
Climbing barefoot/in toe-shoes?
Is there any difference between a harness used for rock climbing vs for mountaineering?
How do membrane-based boots breathe?
Difference between Franz Josef and Fox glaciers
Driving tent pegs into rocky ground
Using a synthetic sleeping bag on/under it&#39;s limit
Hiking boot fit: how snug should height of instep feel
How to straighten a bent tent pole
Would 4mil polyethylene plastic make a good tarp tent? Clear Plastic Tarp?
Climbing gear: can the energy absorbers of a lanyard for via ferratas be used only once?
What are the benefits of a baitcaster over a spinning reel for bass fishing?
Are there any unguided via ferrata routes in the Canadian Rockies?
What&#39;s the best way to dispose of a body in the backcountry?
Cleaning the sipper pipe of a hydration pack
Can fire starting liquid be used in a kerosene lamp?
Train yourself to need less water
Hiking Zion and Bryce in mid-May - feasible?
Guidelines for safe use of ATC Nano?
Is it possible to &quot;pad&quot; the shoulder straps of backpack?
Leave no Trace: Are campfires unethical?
Backpacking in Iceland (March 2016)
Red River Gorge Summer
Are dark or bright clothings preferable in the desert?
Does a tent need special after-trip care when camping on and near ocean beaches?
Canadian Law with respect to knifes
Which mid-line knot is best suited for a trucker&#39;s hitch?
What temperature to prepare for on Everest base camp trek?
How do you build a campfire that leaves no trace?
How to calculate the force (kN) generated by a falling climber onto their protection?
What are the principles of Leave no Trace?
Do polarized sunglasses protect against UV?
What kind of car do I need to reach most hiking trailheads near Boulder Colorado, Rocky Mountain NP
earthy/peaty ground fire lighting
Lowering a climber from above using a belay device in autolocking mode
Is it warmer to sleep naked in a sleeping bag?
Does a cotton lined sleeping bag make sense?
When are cotton socks actually better?
Does cotton really kill?
Does low blood pressure have an effect on Acute Mountain Sickness?
What&#39;s faster on packed, gradual terrain; skinning or booting up with skis on back?
What&#39;s a realistic distance to expect boys aged 11-17 to sea kayak in a single day?
Camping with a tarp, what are risks about animals?
Sleeping with two people in one hammock
Statistics on types and survivability of anchor failures?
What does it mean to cross load a carabiner?
How to tandem rappel/abseil with a child?
What are possible trekking routes in the Atacama region in mid April?
Overview of free and open huts in Norway outside the system of the official tourist association DNT
Does sleeping with liner shoes make you feel colder?
How to decide which tarp size to take?
What is the term for/manufacturer of belay devices with a clip that holds the ATC onto the carabiner?
What&#39;s the difference between white gas, propane, kerosene, and gasoline?
How can I survive multiple days in cold environment?
How to attach signs to trees considering tree growth?
First ascents by Edward Whymper
Memory foam mattress topper for camping?
How dangerous is a band of coyotes to a lone, unarmed human?
Which camp fuel type is the easiest on your stove?
How do I find known and documented trails for trail running in New England?
How to repair the broken stitching and seams in my leather boots?
How do I take care of Gore-Tex boots?
Avoiding leaks from stove and fuel bottles?
Do polarized sunglasses protect against snow blindess?
What can I do on a honeymoon in New Zealand while five months pregnant?
when is it OK to hike off trail?
Is it possible to sunburn through clothing?
Spray on waterproofing for non-dwr fabrics?
Should you pop a blister?
How to top belay 2 climbers at the same time on multi-pitch climb?
Down feather species, which is best?
Why would I want a pressurized hydration pack?
What is a good tool for minor trail maintenance while hiking?
Where can I camp when driving Highway 37 in British Columbia, Canada?
How to lock a trucker&#39;s hitch without losing any tension?
Ice axe and crampon post winter cleaning/preparation
Trekking poles: what are the pros and cons of Anti-shock vs standard designs?
How to unlock walking poles that have not been used for a while
climbing - distance between knot and harness
When is it not OK to leave feces behind?
Hiking half dome - What are the most efficient logistics for getting a campsite in little Yosemite?
Stronger bond between GoPro mount and helmet?
If lost in the wilderness, what is the first thing I should do?
What are the advantages of short climbers?
What happened to the Rendlesham Forest Bird climbing frame?
Top gear presenter pees on snare, why?
How to avoid cracking your windshield while strapping down a kayak
How to overcome mental hurdles of adventure trauma?
Are there any sunglasses with prescription insert that does not alter depth sense?
High Altitude Cooking - Most efficient fuel and stove type
What is the loop on the finger of my winter gloves for?
&quot;Tag line&quot;/&quot;pull cord&quot; for multipitch trad: what kind and when needed?
Shoulder season backpacking near Whistler (early June)
How to humanely kill an injured bird?
Field dressing small game in hot climates
Where can I find help identifying an owl by its call?
How can I tell if a wild bird is legally protected?
Donating blood at higher altitudes and Acclimatization
What are the real dangers of climbing at high altitude?
Is it possible to develop immunity against mosquitos?
Does drinking tea cause problems at altitude?
How to get started skiing?
Is there a dose guide for Dexamethasone?
How would I find a hot spring?
Old Down Sleeping Bag performance
Ice Axes - Ice blade or Mix blade?
Why train at less than max intensity? Especially if not training often
How long should you leave a synthetic sleeping bag compressed?
Extra strong sunglasses for sensitive eyes
Delayed muscle ache after boulder session
Is drinking urine safe?
How to grade a trek?
Good books to learn survival?
Rock Climbing falling.Turning upside down
Pressing the knee while on an ascend
Abseiling on one rope: should I attach the prusik to the other one?
Kayaking in the UK
Kepler Track: Brod Bay to Iris Burn Hut in one day?
Are fires in natural caves/overhangs safe?
How should I traverse fields with horses in?
Will a tent provide some protection from bears?
What are the measurements on this slope angle tool?
Where in Europe is wild camping permitted?
Official Protocols to be followed in England for trekking/hiking
Cycling in Ontario — do I need to worry about permission to access logging roads?
Bag technique for washing clothes while backpacking?
Relative abraision resistance of Dyneema slings vs an average dynamic climbing rope
Can oiling keep tools from rusting?
water knot vs figure 8 follow through vs X for rock climbing anchor - What is easiest to untie?
What size dry bag is best for keeping and washing clothes?
Is it safe to put snow in water filtration?
NNN (front clip) vs. telemark style bindings for backcountry XC skis
Where in the north of the UK are locations with good and easy to locate fossils?
Stove/fuel setup for harsh conditions
Beginners guide to fossil hunting
How can I prevent plantar fasciitis?
Can bears smell food inside dry sacks?
What glue will stick ripstop polymide / nylon fabric together - e.g. patch on hole?
How to find new poles for old tent?
Is it safe to drink out of a rusty thermos?
Pitching a tent in the rain?
Minimum safe rappel rope diameters?
What is the most effective way to flee from an alligator?
Numbers on down jackets
How to get pine sap off my teeth
How does an X chamber construction in a sleeping bag look like?
What is the difference between packable down jackets?
How to camp in wolf country?
What is this knee pain when going downhill?
Are zipper covers crucial?
V-threads (Abalakov): How many holes are too many?
Why should I carry a snow anchor?
Reliability of snow bollards
Should the cloth part of ski gloves be treated before use?
Shoe sizes for bouldering
What knot is this one? What are its purposes?
Storing food in the desert
What is the best way to store my sleeping bag for long periods of time?
Uses for different size locking carabiners
Site with statistics of mountaineering accidents
Tree skiing/riding in Colorado
How does one steer a two-person kayak?
How do I wash Gore-Tex clothing?
How much does a full/empty jetboil canister weigh?
How steep of a slope can you skin up in AT gear?
Headlamp with open flame
Which wildlife is it legal to hunt in the UK?
What makes nylon an effective material for hiking pants?
Is there a more practical type of cord to carry than &quot;550 paracord&quot;?
Best sun protection for swimming
Prevent athlete&#180;s foot (re)infection in barefoot shoes?
What is the most effective method to clean skin exposed to poison oak?
Climbing Mount Teide from sea-level
How to hide a trail turn?
How far would you need to fall for it to be fatal?
Basic setup for trout fishing
Eating Matches to repel insects?
Is it better to wear one pair or two pairs of socks while hiking?
Most efficient training before alpine hiking/climbing?
Continue a hike when legs start cramping
Do leeches fall onto prey from trees?
What are the pros and cons of custom-made hiking boots?
What kind of underwear inside union suit in winter?
What is a good (and affordable) sleeping bag for someone who is beginning to backpack?
What happens to rappel anchors?
What do I do if a black bear is right outside my tent?
How to put on footwraps correctly?
Bouldering vs aid climbing vs free climbing vs free solo climbing
Can I heat a shelter with fire?
How To Quickly Warm A Tent
Are there standardized signals to communicate with aircraft?
Surfing competitions, no commentators
Carrying hardboiled eggs when hiking
How can I vet a hiking partner without potential hard feelings?
How do you survive getting towed under a log jam?
If I have to cross an icy, flowing river, what are some ways I can cross safely?
Is climbing an ambidextrous sport?
What is the first thing to do, when buried in an avalanche?
My head torch/lamp has a red mode, why?
Road Trip food on the cheap
What is the most efficient food to take a for a 12-15 day hiking trip?
Climbing barefoot/in toe-shoes?
Is there any difference between a harness used for rock climbing vs for mountaineering?
How do membrane-based boots breathe?
Difference between Franz Josef and Fox glaciers
Driving tent pegs into rocky ground
Using a synthetic sleeping bag on/under it&#39;s limit
Hiking boot fit: how snug should height of instep feel
How to straighten a bent tent pole
Would 4mil polyethylene plastic make a good tarp tent? Clear Plastic Tarp?
Climbing gear: can the energy absorbers of a lanyard for via ferratas be used only once?
What are the benefits of a baitcaster over a spinning reel for bass fishing?
Are there any unguided via ferrata routes in the Canadian Rockies?
What&#39;s the best way to dispose of a body in the backcountry?
Cleaning the sipper pipe of a hydration pack
Can fire starting liquid be used in a kerosene lamp?
Train yourself to need less water
Hiking Zion and Bryce in mid-May - feasible?
Guidelines for safe use of ATC Nano?
Is it possible to &quot;pad&quot; the shoulder straps of backpack?
Leave no Trace: Are campfires unethical?
Backpacking in Iceland (March 2016)
Red River Gorge Summer
Are dark or bright clothings preferable in the desert?
Does a tent need special after-trip care when camping on and near ocean beaches?
Canadian Law with respect to knifes
Which mid-line knot is best suited for a trucker&#39;s hitch?
What temperature to prepare for on Everest base camp trek?
How do you build a campfire that leaves no trace?
How to calculate the force (kN) generated by a falling climber onto their protection?
What are the principles of Leave no Trace?
Do polarized sunglasses protect against UV?
What kind of car do I need to reach most hiking trailheads near Boulder Colorado, Rocky Mountain NP
earthy/peaty ground fire lighting
Lowering a climber from above using a belay device in autolocking mode
Is it warmer to sleep naked in a sleeping bag?
Does a cotton lined sleeping bag make sense?
When are cotton socks actually better?
Does cotton really kill?
Does low blood pressure have an effect on Acute Mountain Sickness?
What&#39;s faster on packed, gradual terrain; skinning or booting up with skis on back?
What&#39;s a realistic distance to expect boys aged 11-17 to sea kayak in a single day?
Camping with a tarp, what are risks about animals?
Sleeping with two people in one hammock
Statistics on types and survivability of anchor failures?
What does it mean to cross load a carabiner?
How to tandem rappel/abseil with a child?
What are possible trekking routes in the Atacama region in mid April?
Overview of free and open huts in Norway outside the system of the official tourist association DNT
Does sleeping with liner shoes make you feel colder?
How to decide which tarp size to take?
What is the term for/manufacturer of belay devices with a clip that holds the ATC onto the carabiner?
What&#39;s the difference between white gas, propane, kerosene, and gasoline?
How can I survive multiple days in cold environment?
How to attach signs to trees considering tree growth?
First ascents by Edward Whymper
Memory foam mattress topper for camping?
How dangerous is a band of coyotes to a lone, unarmed human?
Which camp fuel type is the easiest on your stove?
How do I find known and documented trails for trail running in New England?
How to repair the broken stitching and seams in my leather boots?
How do I take care of Gore-Tex boots?
Avoiding leaks from stove and fuel bottles?
Do polarized sunglasses protect against snow blindess?
What can I do on a honeymoon in New Zealand while five months pregnant?
when is it OK to hike off trail?
Is it possible to sunburn through clothing?
Spray on waterproofing for non-dwr fabrics?
Should you pop a blister?
How to top belay 2 climbers at the same time on multi-pitch climb?
Down feather species, which is best?
Why would I want a pressurized hydration pack?
What is a good tool for minor trail maintenance while hiking?
Where can I camp when driving Highway 37 in British Columbia, Canada?
How to lock a trucker&#39;s hitch without losing any tension?
Ice axe and crampon post winter cleaning/preparation
Trekking poles: what are the pros and cons of Anti-shock vs standard designs?
How to unlock walking poles that have not been used for a while
climbing - distance between knot and harness
When is it not OK to leave feces behind?
Hiking half dome - What are the most efficient logistics for getting a campsite in little Yosemite?
Stronger bond between GoPro mount and helmet?
If lost in the wilderness, what is the first thing I should do?
What are the advantages of short climbers?
What happened to the Rendlesham Forest Bird climbing frame?
Top gear presenter pees on snare, why?
How to avoid cracking your windshield while strapping down a kayak
How to overcome mental hurdles of adventure trauma?
Are there any sunglasses with prescription insert that does not alter depth sense?
High Altitude Cooking - Most efficient fuel and stove type
What is the loop on the finger of my winter gloves for?
&quot;Tag line&quot;/&quot;pull cord&quot; for multipitch trad: what kind and when needed?
Shoulder season backpacking near Whistler (early June)
How to humanely kill an injured bird?
Field dressing small game in hot climates
Where can I find help identifying an owl by its call?
How can I tell if a wild bird is legally protected?
Donating blood at higher altitudes and Acclimatization
What are the real dangers of climbing at high altitude?
Is it possible to develop immunity against mosquitos?
Does drinking tea cause problems at altitude?
How to get started skiing?
Is there a dose guide for Dexamethasone?
How would I find a hot spring?
Old Down Sleeping Bag performance
Ice Axes - Ice blade or Mix blade?
Why train at less than max intensity? Especially if not training often
How long should you leave a synthetic sleeping bag compressed?
Extra strong sunglasses for sensitive eyes
Delayed muscle ache after boulder session
Is drinking urine safe?
How to grade a trek?
Good books to learn survival?
Rock Climbing falling.Turning upside down
Pressing the knee while on an ascend
Abseiling on one rope: should I attach the prusik to the other one?
Kayaking in the UK
Kepler Track: Brod Bay to Iris Burn Hut in one day?
Are fires in natural caves/overhangs safe?
How should I traverse fields with horses in?
Will a tent provide some protection from bears?
What are the measurements on this slope angle tool?
Where in Europe is wild camping permitted?
Official Protocols to be followed in England for trekking/hiking
Cycling in Ontario — do I need to worry about permission to access logging roads?
Bag technique for washing clothes while backpacking?
Relative abraision resistance of Dyneema slings vs an average dynamic climbing rope
Can oiling keep tools from rusting?
water knot vs figure 8 follow through vs X for rock climbing anchor - What is easiest to untie?
What size dry bag is best for keeping and washing clothes?
Is it safe to put snow in water filtration?
NNN (front clip) vs. telemark style bindings for backcountry XC skis
Where in the north of the UK are locations with good and easy to locate fossils?
Stove/fuel setup for harsh conditions
Beginners guide to fossil hunting
How can I prevent plantar fasciitis?
Can bears smell food inside dry sacks?
What glue will stick ripstop polymide / nylon fabric together - e.g. patch on hole?
How to find new poles for old tent?
Is it safe to drink out of a rusty thermos?
Pitching a tent in the rain?
Minimum safe rappel rope diameters?
What is the most effective way to flee from an alligator?
Numbers on down jackets
How to get pine sap off my teeth
How does an X chamber construction in a sleeping bag look like?
What is the difference between packable down jackets?
How to camp in wolf country?
What is this knee pain when going downhill?
Are zipper covers crucial?
V-threads (Abalakov): How many holes are too many?
Why should I carry a snow anchor?
Reliability of snow bollards
Should the cloth part of ski gloves be treated before use?
Shoe sizes for bouldering
What knot is this one? What are its purposes?
Storing food in the desert
What is the best way to store my sleeping bag for long periods of time?
Uses for different size locking carabiners
Site with statistics of mountaineering accidents
Tree skiing/riding in Colorado
How does one steer a two-person kayak?
How do I wash Gore-Tex clothing?
How much does a full/empty jetboil canister weigh?
How steep of a slope can you skin up in AT gear?
Headlamp with open flame
Which wildlife is it legal to hunt in the UK?
What makes nylon an effective material for hiking pants?
Is there a more practical type of cord to carry than &quot;550 paracord&quot;?
What are the different methods to purify water?
What should I do if I get sprayed by a skunk?
Best approach to camping in snow?
Avoiding 4WD-areas in Iceland
Beginner or intermediate skis for a first pair to buy?
What are the advantages of a vapour barrier?
Is there a technique to snow-shoeing besides &quot;walk on the snow&quot;?
How do I know when my snowboard edges need to be serviced?
Why don&#39;t XC skis have edges?
Waxing cross-country skis
Preventing hand blisters while paddling
using anti-perspirant in extreme cold climate
What are the rules to grade sport climbing single pitch routes?
How do I avoid leeches?
Why are unequalised anchors acceptable for fixed-point belay systems used while ice climbing?
Can cold weather be sufficient to act as a refrigerator?
Which month would be, on probability, the best month to trek on the Isle of Skye, Scotland?
What are practical uses of paracord survival bracelets?
Urbex question: How to protect myself from asbestos?
Storing Headlamps: With or without batteries?
Why do many climbers appear to not trust their belay loops?
How to stay hydrated with minimum water usage
Ice skating on a frozen lake -- how thick should the ice be?
Is Paradoxical Undressing a stage beyond Hypothermia?
How much water should be carried while hiking  in the desert?
If the Dawn Wall&#39;s been climbed before why is the current attempt so difficult?
Measuring a dangerous snow slope
What crampon front-point setup options are specific for various types of ice climbing?
How to stay clean on a multi-day hike?
Is it true that, in cold conditions, you will freeze faster wearing wet clothes than not wearing any?
What are the things I need to know when fashioning a sling?
How to use a poncho in high winds?
From an outdoor recreation point of view, does it matter who manages a national monument?
What kind of mementos, if any, am I allowed to collect from State and National parks in small quantities?
B2 boots for narrow feet
How can I take duct tape with me backpacking?
How do I fold in / tidy up the straps on my rucksack?
What can I do to help relieve joint pain in fingers after climbing?
Why don&#39;t people in the UK use snowshoes?
1000 names for snow
Acclimatization strategies
Is it ok to use rolled aluminum descending rings in permanent anchors?
Is this &quot;dry suit cutting wrists&quot; story realistic?
If my depth varies +- 2m when breathing in and out, what&#39;s gone wrong?
Can anybody recommend a good mid-week winter mountaineering course or a good mountain guide in the Lake District, UK?
Does &quot;dive your deepest dive first&quot; still apply when using a computer?
If you are buried in an avalanche will you survive?
Quality/robustness of avalanche shovels
Rules for Carrying flammable subtances in UK
Where is it possible to use a hammock in the UK?
Why all the different accessory cord diameters?
Ski set that does both downhill and backcountry?
Hills closest to East Anglia
Why are backpack waist straps so long?
How durable is cuben fiber in real, practical use?
Thru-hiking the Long Trail (Vermont) in late January
Where in the US can I find green mountains to hike like in Scotland, such as Dalveen Pass?
Hitch with no ends
What is the purpose of the shoulder strap upper adjustment?
For how long afterwards do we benefit from acclimatization?
Is department store merino wool less effective than branded (i.e. SmartWool) merino wool in staying warm and wicking moisture?
Bleeding a fish without a cooler
Do you need to purify all mountain water sources
How to overcome fear of falling in lead climbing
Walking from Macugnaga to Saas-Fee
Best rope for a rope swing
How can I stay warm in subzero weather?
Is it legal to light bonfires on UK beaches?
Why are death percentages of death from trauma in an avalanche so different between USA, Europe, and Canada?
What are the primary considerations when trekking across the Olympic National Park, Greece including a summit of Mount Olympus?
What considerations are required for making a hiking ascent of Mount Othrys, Greece
Tips for camping in the territory of elephants
Walking trailers
Is Tyvek 44grs/m2 (Tyvek&#174; Soft Structure Style 1443R) waterproof enough to be used as a groundsheet/footprint or tent bottom, any experience?
What sleeping bags are needed for a northbound thru-hike of the AT
Chaining locking carabiners
What is a good substitute for water purification tablets
How to take care of climbing hands?
Gear storage: what gear that can be safely stocked outside?
Backpack strap chafing
River crossing in winter?
What can I do to keep my hands warm while using touchscreens in the winter?
What are the navigation considerations on the Monongahela and Youghiogheny Rivers between Ohiopyle State Park (PA) and Pittsburgh PA?
What are the navigation considerations on the Youghiogheny &amp; Potomac Rivers between Ohiopyle (PA) and Cumberland, MD
Benefits of tree tents over typical shelters?
Using a Girth Hitch in Alpine Draws
Good places to go potholing in the UK
Installing a hand line for scrambling?
Should I be more careful about postholing during winter hikes?
Winter route grades
What are safe/effective leaves from around the world for use in tidying up your backside after answering the call of nature?
How to begin in alpine tours
What is an effective way to join a map that is printed on several sheets?
Belay with a broken arm
What foods can you cook by directly placing them into a fire?
When is it too cold for Tarping?
What are some toilet paper alternatives you could use in the woods?
Pack for carrying a puppy
Is there a recommended safety standard for crampons?
Super/Krazy Glue on Outdoor Gear
What could be a long and scenic two days backcountry ski tour in Switzerland, bivying on the snow?
How precise is a pedometer for estimating on a backpacking trip?
Why some sleeping bags have four temperature ratings while others have only one?
What to look for in a quality tarp?
How can I tell if I am dehydrated or have low electrolytes (need salt, etc.)?
Are trekking poles proven to be helpful?
Online website to track A.T. section hikes and overall progress?
Finding a suitable slope to practice self arrest?
Dropping gear: Where did the hairline/micro fracture urban legend come from?
How to freeze a water container without deforming it?
Why do people who backpack sleep in tents instead of tarps?
Winter Slackline solutions
What should one do when they get a cramp while swimming?
Is it a bad idea to dry clothes by the fire?
Back-up wood and alcohol stove
Best lightweight pole for tarp
What are some good guides to the U.S. national forests, specifically those in California?
What&#39;s the problem with electrolyte imbalance and how do I mitigate it?
How much does it cost to thru-hike the Appalachian Trail?
Things to keep away from climbing ropes
Washing clothes on long hikes
Which knot for climbing: figure eight, yosemite bowline, bowline on a bight?
What&#39;s the most remote place in the continental US?
Applications of a slip knot in climbing?
Is there special etiquette for hiking the Appalachian Trail (AT) during AT Season
Is this Chinese rock climbing gear manufacturer reliable?
Which is better, a single fisherman&#39;s knot or a double?
Winter bivvying in the Alps: what is a good temperature rating for a sleeping bag
How to use legs more effectively to avoid grip stress on overhangs
Tent placement?
Am I likely to need multiple pairs of boots on the Appalachian Trail?
Toproping with two ropes joined by a double fisherman&#39;s
How to clean hiking boots
Lowering off from anchors vs. rappelling after a climb?
Should I be using Dyneema slings for lead climbing anchors?
Big Wall Climbing Portaledge Toilet Etiquette?
Crossbow draw strength
Learning to fall when leading: what is good fall technique?
Isn&#39;t Nor&#39;easter supposed to move from the Northeast to Southwest?
What to look for in a winter skills course?
How to check if a fence or cable has electricity without having special tools?
Can I eat rotten meat and carcass providing enough cooking?
Can I use my leather jacket to go to ski?
Avoiding building a belay anchor too low down
Best technique to sharpen a knife using a whetstone?
Are camping washing machines actually effective?
Snake on chest while sleeping?
Is it possible to &#39;moisture trap&#39; from trees while thru-hiking?
Are mittens warmer than gloves?
Walking up the slopes. To walk brisk or to walk slow?
What are areas of the body which lose heat more quickly, and how can I reduce that loss?
What makes certain mountains more dangerous than others?
Is the &quot;Rule of 3&quot; proven for food?
What is the point of hiking boots, versus any comfortable walking shoes?
Should I grind the edge or the backbevel first when sharpening my knife?
When to kill and bleed a fish
Are portable solar panels useful on pack trips?
Is it ok to bleed a fish in muddy water
Adjusting the Torso setting for the backpack
What is the easiest way to prepare a rabbit snare with minimal tools?
How to rate a walk/hike by length, height gain, etc using analysis of GPS data?
Onlinetool to setup a track in a map and calculate the distance
Preventing heat rash around ankles and shins?
How to make a fully-enclosed tarp setup with a 1.4 x 2.4 meter tarp, for one person?
Wear a Shirt(and sunscreen) or (just) Sunscreen
During high-altitude lengthy expedition: To shave or not shave?
Ideal and Minimal Rope Diameter for Lead Climbing
How can I avoid an encounter with a large feline?
What are the navigation considerations on the Ohio River between Pittsburgh PA.&amp; Wheeling WV?
What are the navigation considerations on the Ohio River between Wheeling WV and Parkersburg WV?
What is the fastest style of sled?
What are the first aid precautions to be taken in case of a snake bite?
Is it dangerous to sleep in a tent alone in a forest in -20?
How can one find the difficult to find geocaches?
What this instrument is used for?
Divers deliberately breathing fast before diving into water
What equipment do I need as a beginner outdoor rock climber?
Slings for anchoring and lanyard in rock climbing
Can I light a kerosene lamp with flint &amp; steel or a magnifying glass?
Good material for gloves
What is the fastest method to &#39;break in&#39; full leather boots?
Groups: What are proper occasions for a large, shared hole for waste?
Are bears attracted by Lotions and Perfumes?
How to make DIY ice axe protectors?
Will a down sleeping bag recover 100% after being squeezed if it&#39;s not for a long time?
What precautions should I take to protect myself and my camp from bears?
Traffic officer – how to prevent fingers from freezing
Tips and tricks for backpacking with a guitar
How much would a base camp shower cost in the Himalayas?
What can I use an old tent for?
What are the downsides to sleeping in a hammock on a multi-day hike?
What is the best mountaineering quote that you have ever read?
Backpacking or hiking in areas open to hunting
How can I start a fire by rubbing two sticks together?
How to keep water cold in hot weather?
How to create campfire which will burn overnight?
Knee pain when descending a mountain
Are Rhododendron and Mountain Laurel truly toxic to burn in a campfire?
How easy is to magnetically destroy a compass?
How to avoid exploding rocks
How to walk as a roped party on a glacier?
Is it warmer to sleep naked in a sleeping bag?
What is the most efficient food to take a for a 12-15 day hiking trip?
Which will keep my food colder longer, draining the melted ice water, or leaving it in the cooler?
What are essential items in an emergency kit?
What are good knots to know for camping and backpacking?
Where in Europe is wild camping permitted?
How long does water need to be boiled for to kill all bacteria / viruses?
How should I remove a tick?
Is drinking urine safe?
Is it better to wear one pair or two pairs of socks while hiking?
What is the safest way to purify water?
Should you pop a blister?
Commuting by canoe
How can I tell if I am dehydrated or have low electrolytes (need salt, etc.)?
Does cotton really kill?
How can you navigate without a compass or GPS
What is the best way to store my sleeping bag for long periods of time?
Does eating snow help dehydration?
Backpacking or hiking in areas open to hunting
Can I eat rotten meat and carcass providing enough cooking?
How to carry water in freezing temperatures?
How to avoid exploding rocks
How to deal with condensation in a tent?
If I&#39;m caught in lightning above tree-line, what should I do?
What are the downsides to sleeping in a hammock on a multi-day hike?
Practicality of Beards
A list of suitable foods for a long hike
How do I wash Gore-Tex clothing?
How can I identify edible berries/fruit from poisonous?
Is it possible to rappel with only a rope? (No harness, Prusik cord, or other gear)
What hand and finger exercises help with climbing?
Can I use a bicycle helmet as a climbing helmet?
Pitching a tent in the rain?
What are some good tips and techniques for packing a backpack?
If I have to cross an icy, flowing river, what are some ways I can cross safely?
How to harden feet to avoid blisters on long hikes
The outdoors, solitude and dealing with loneliness
FiveFingers or hiking boots?
How does one dry clothes in humid weather?
How are sleeping bag temperature ratings determined?
Is it dangerous to sleep in a tent alone in a forest in -20?
Is burying human waste always the lowest-impact solution?
Do iodine water treatment tablets have negative effects?
What are the advantages and disadvantages between gas, liquid and solid fuel?
Do bear-safe rules still apply in the winter?
Wood versus plastic trail signs?
What precautions should I take to protect myself and my camp from bears?
What are areas of the body which lose heat more quickly, and how can I reduce that loss?
How to Clean Rock-Climbing Shoes
Are dark or bright clothings preferable in the desert?
What is the fastest method to &#39;break in&#39; full leather boots?
How much water should be carried while hiking  in the desert?
Does hiking with a dog in bear country increase or decrease your risk of a bear encounter?
Why do shin splints happen?
What clothing would be appropriate for hiking in -18&#176;C with up to 30 km/hr wind?
Driving tent pegs into rocky ground
What&#39;s the difference between a 2, 3, 4, and 5 season tent?
What makes certain mountains more dangerous than others?
How do I treat hot spots and blisters when I have no moleskin?
Do polarized sunglasses protect against snow blindess?
What are the different methods to purify water?
How can I stay warm in subzero weather?
How can I acclimatize to cold?
What equipment do I need as a beginner outdoor rock climber?
What essential items should go in a small first aid kit?
Wild camping in subsaharan Africa - madness, blasphemy, or bearable?
How do you determine how long a hike will take?
Tent and sleeping bag: pack inside or strap outside a backpack?
How to warm up your cold toes and fingers?
Numbers on down jackets
What&#39;s the best way to dispose of a body in the backcountry?
Climbing rope is rated to X UIAA falls. What is a UIAA fall?
How to keep water cold in hot weather?
What is the best way to cross streams while backpacking?
What is the point of hiking boots, versus any comfortable walking shoes?
Keeping warm in an emergency
How can you navigate / determine your location in thick fog?
How can I start a fire by rubbing two sticks together?
Best/safest wood to carve a spoon from?
What are the rules for eating raw, wild meat?
What pattern for casual planes should a castaway create on a desert island?
What are some toilet paper alternatives you could use in the woods?
How bad do circumstances need to be before activating a PLB?
Barefoot Backpacking: Liquid Boots?
How to cheaply introduce someone to backpacking
Handling feminine hygiene on multiple-month treks?
What are some ways/devices that I can use to charge my batteries in the wilderness?
Which careers allow working in the wild on a daily basis?
How to stay clean on a multi-day hike?
Chalk: pure, plus drying agent, liquid?
How can I hike across the Grand Canyon if I don&#39;t have a backcountry permit?
Putting in contact lenses when outdoors
Do I need to worry about feral dogs or even wolves if I camp in random areas while hitchhiking in Georgia (the country)?
Cheese and eggs on backpacking trips
Sleeping with two people in one hammock
How to create campfire which will burn overnight?
What do you risk when you ignore blisters and carry on walking?
How should a climbing rope be stored?
Climbing Kilimanjaro for a newbie
What are the advantages of short climbers?
Is it warmer to sleep naked in a sleeping bag?
What is the most efficient food to take a for a 12-15 day hiking trip?
Which will keep my food colder longer, draining the melted ice water, or leaving it in the cooler?
What are essential items in an emergency kit?
What are good knots to know for camping and backpacking?
Where in Europe is wild camping permitted?
How long does water need to be boiled for to kill all bacteria / viruses?
How should I remove a tick?
Is drinking urine safe?
Is it better to wear one pair or two pairs of socks while hiking?
What is the safest way to purify water?
Should you pop a blister?
Commuting by canoe
How can I tell if I am dehydrated or have low electrolytes (need salt, etc.)?
Does cotton really kill?
How can you navigate without a compass or GPS
What is the best way to store my sleeping bag for long periods of time?
Does eating snow help dehydration?
Backpacking or hiking in areas open to hunting
Can I eat rotten meat and carcass providing enough cooking?
How to carry water in freezing temperatures?
How to avoid exploding rocks
How to deal with condensation in a tent?
If I&#39;m caught in lightning above tree-line, what should I do?
What are the downsides to sleeping in a hammock on a multi-day hike?
Practicality of Beards
A list of suitable foods for a long hike
How do I wash Gore-Tex clothing?
How can I identify edible berries/fruit from poisonous?
Is it possible to rappel with only a rope? (No harness, Prusik cord, or other gear)
What hand and finger exercises help with climbing?
Can I use a bicycle helmet as a climbing helmet?
Pitching a tent in the rain?
What are some good tips and techniques for packing a backpack?
If I have to cross an icy, flowing river, what are some ways I can cross safely?
How to harden feet to avoid blisters on long hikes
The outdoors, solitude and dealing with loneliness
FiveFingers or hiking boots?
How does one dry clothes in humid weather?
How are sleeping bag temperature ratings determined?
Is it dangerous to sleep in a tent alone in a forest in -20?
Is burying human waste always the lowest-impact solution?
Do iodine water treatment tablets have negative effects?
What are the advantages and disadvantages between gas, liquid and solid fuel?
Do bear-safe rules still apply in the winter?
Wood versus plastic trail signs?
What precautions should I take to protect myself and my camp from bears?
What are areas of the body which lose heat more quickly, and how can I reduce that loss?
How to Clean Rock-Climbing Shoes
Are dark or bright clothings preferable in the desert?
What is the fastest method to &#39;break in&#39; full leather boots?
How much water should be carried while hiking  in the desert?
Does hiking with a dog in bear country increase or decrease your risk of a bear encounter?
Why do shin splints happen?
What clothing would be appropriate for hiking in -18&#176;C with up to 30 km/hr wind?
Driving tent pegs into rocky ground
What&#39;s the difference between a 2, 3, 4, and 5 season tent?
What makes certain mountains more dangerous than others?
How do I treat hot spots and blisters when I have no moleskin?
Do polarized sunglasses protect against snow blindess?
What are the different methods to purify water?
How can I stay warm in subzero weather?
How can I acclimatize to cold?
What equipment do I need as a beginner outdoor rock climber?
What essential items should go in a small first aid kit?
Wild camping in subsaharan Africa - madness, blasphemy, or bearable?
How do you determine how long a hike will take?
Tent and sleeping bag: pack inside or strap outside a backpack?
How to warm up your cold toes and fingers?
Numbers on down jackets
What&#39;s the best way to dispose of a body in the backcountry?
Climbing rope is rated to X UIAA falls. What is a UIAA fall?
How to keep water cold in hot weather?
What is the best way to cross streams while backpacking?
What is the point of hiking boots, versus any comfortable walking shoes?
Keeping warm in an emergency
How can you navigate / determine your location in thick fog?
How can I start a fire by rubbing two sticks together?
Best/safest wood to carve a spoon from?
What are the rules for eating raw, wild meat?
What pattern for casual planes should a castaway create on a desert island?
What are some toilet paper alternatives you could use in the woods?
How bad do circumstances need to be before activating a PLB?
Barefoot Backpacking: Liquid Boots?
How to cheaply introduce someone to backpacking
Handling feminine hygiene on multiple-month treks?
What are some ways/devices that I can use to charge my batteries in the wilderness?
Which careers allow working in the wild on a daily basis?
How to stay clean on a multi-day hike?
Chalk: pure, plus drying agent, liquid?
How can I hike across the Grand Canyon if I don&#39;t have a backcountry permit?
Putting in contact lenses when outdoors
Do I need to worry about feral dogs or even wolves if I camp in random areas while hitchhiking in Georgia (the country)?
Cheese and eggs on backpacking trips
Sleeping with two people in one hammock
How to create campfire which will burn overnight?
What do you risk when you ignore blisters and carry on walking?
How should a climbing rope be stored?
Climbing Kilimanjaro for a newbie
What are the advantages of short climbers?
How can I be absolutely sure my fire is safely extinguished?
Is digging a &quot;cold hole&quot; really effective when sheltering in a snowed area?
What to look for in a durable, 3-season sleeping bag?
As an experienced backpacker in the Eastern US, what should I know before hiking in the Western US?
What equipment is recommended when camping with a baby?
Is there a definitive list of the tallest mountains in the world that require little or no mountaineering experience?
How to tell the time at night
How to calculate backpacking food requirements for a dog
What does it mean to cross load a carabiner?
Surviving a forest fire by starting another fire
Is it possible to sunburn through clothing?
How to clean a sleeping bag ?
Tree Identification
Ideal and Minimal Rope Diameter for Lead Climbing
What is this knee pain when going downhill?
Any tips to reduce chance that I have to get up and pee in the night (not counting dehydration, of course)
Are trekking poles proven to be helpful?
Tent placement?
What foods can you cook by directly placing them into a fire?
What foods are unsafe to cook over an open fire?
Can you boil an egg in dirty water?
Are mittens warmer than gloves?
Where in the Alps is it safe to drink the water without filtering?
What can I do to prevent altitude sickness?
What is the difference between external and internal-frame packs?
When buying a backpack, what should I pay attention to?
What do I need to look for in good, quality hiking boots?
Can/Should I cook in my tent?
How do I avoid leeches?
What should I do when I&#39;m lost?
How to deal with wet feet?
Do I need any technical skills to climb Kilimanjaro?
What do you do if you see a cougar?
Synthetic vs Down sleeping bags?
Raw meat on hikes
Are Ice grips worth buying
What everyday tasks can be adapted in a way that helps build muscles and technique for bouldering?
What are some things to keep in mind when stealth camping?
Why tunnel tents for the poles, Geodesic for the mountains?
Are carabiners useful tools to have in the wilderness? If so, what would they be used for?
Selecting backpacking cooking pot – teflon, aluminum, steel, titanium, or cast iron?
How can you prevent kids getting lost at night while camping?
Things to consider when buying sunglasses
Good books to learn survival?
Things to keep away from climbing ropes
When do I need a permit to go into nature?
Why don&#39;t we apply the principles of layering when it comes to pants?
What are the dangers of swimming in natural waters?
Dealing with rashes between thighs and around the groin
How can I take duct tape with me backpacking?
Can I sail a raft on a European river with commercial traffic?
What&#39;s the difference between white gas, propane, kerosene, and gasoline?
Washing clothes on long hikes
How should I check climbing equipment to tell whether it is still safe to use?
If I cross paths with a bear, what should I do?
What&#39;s the UPF of a T-Shirt or jeans?
Am I likely to need multiple pairs of boots on the Appalachian Trail?
Is it safe to camp in the desert without a tent?
How can I prevent my sun glasses from fogging up when skiing?
Cascades mountaineering school
The best solution for carrying a D-SLR when hiking
Why go without socks with climbing shoes?
What can I do to keep my hands warm while using touchscreens in the winter?
Is it ever safe to let a hypothermic person sleep?
What can I do with a retired rope and harness?
Washing dishes with seawater or freshwater?
Micro-Fractures in Climbing Equipments
Do you need to purify all mountain water sources
What are common climbing techniques for strongly overhanging walls and roofs?
How to clean vomit from camping gear?
How To Quickly Warm A Tent
When is it not OK to leave feces behind?
Hiking boots vs trail shoes
What can I do to help relieve joint pain in fingers after climbing?
How do you properly dispose of human waste while snow camping?
If lost in the wilderness, what is the first thing I should do?
What kind of canteen material will have the least effect on the taste of water?
First time camping, need advice
What is the proper tension for a tent line
What happens to cams after climbing?
Which knot for climbing: figure eight, yosemite bowline, bowline on a bight?
Dealing with very cold climate (clothing)
A little bit of acclimatisation or no acclimatisation at all?
How to minimise erosion damage to footpaths when walking?
What should be carried in a standard Geocaching bag?
How to inspect climbing bolts?
Buying a Backpacking Knife
Which wood sources produce toxic smoke?
Apart from down, is there any outdoor material that should not be stored stuffed?
What do you do if the fire does get &quot;out of control&quot;?
Should I be worried about bears when sleeping in a hammock?
How can I tell if a natural snow-bridge is safe to cross?
How safe is it to hike alone?
How can I boost morale on long backpacking trips?
Painful leather hiking boots - persevere or give up?
Learning to fall when leading: what is good fall technique?
Can groundwater still be consumed if after boiling the water turns brown with an oily substance floating on top?
Camping with a dog for the first time
What hazardous wildlife is there in the UK?
What are some effective ways to deal with sand when camping on or near the beach?
What formation to best survive a flood?
What is the first thing to do, when buried in an avalanche?
How to check if a fence or cable has electricity without having special tools?
Is it a bad idea to dry clothes by the fire?
If you are buried in an avalanche will you survive?
If the Dawn Wall&#39;s been climbed before why is the current attempt so difficult?
How do I know what size ice axe I should get?
How should I treat poison ivy?
What do I do to prevent and treat frostbite?
How do I take care of Gore-Tex boots?
Are there beaches on the East Coast (US) where one can camp without a permit?
What can I do about those obnoxious biting flies?
Which stove fuel has best weight to bulk to heat ratio?
Which side of an emergency blanket should I use?
Will a tent provide some protection from bears?
When sailing, how do I rescue a man overboard?
Plastic or fiberglass for a kayak?
How do you prevent mold in CamelBak hydration bladders?
How should you wash clothes after exposure to poison oak/ivy/sumac?
Where are good places to look for water sources when I have run out on a multi-day hike?
Where can I find help identifying an owl by its call?
What are the key features to look for in mobile device apps for hiking/camping?
How much gear will the AT eat?
Do CO2-based mosquito traps work?
Taking care of hiking backpack
What is the ultimate car camping bed solution -- for two people?
How harmful is the rising/setting sun?
Wax paper as a fire starter
Is backcountry hiking in northwestern Russia safe?
Am I allowed to swim in the Austrian Alps lakes?
How to properly lace hiking boots?
Is my tent pole a lightning rod?
Will Iodine Tablets Ruin My CamelBak?
What shoes keep me warm in the cold?
How to minimize sea sickness?
Is it safe to use denatured alcohol as an antiseptic?
How can I make a snow shoe in the wilderness from commonly available materials and simple tools?
Rappelling in the Rain
Proper technique for self-arrest with an ice axe, when wearing crampons
What kind of mementos, if any, am I allowed to collect from State and National parks in small quantities?
What is considered a water source, and why is it recommended to camp so far from them?
What foods should I avoid when backpacking?
Please Explain Rock Climbing Grades
Does packing boots with newspaper make them dry faster?
Walking up the slopes. To walk brisk or to walk slow?
Why did my new sleeping bag come with 2 bags - one large and one stuff sack?
Is it safe to cut a climbing rope in half?
Activities at the campsite
Knot to turn cord into loop (load bearing)
Permanent Camping Cooler - No Ice Needed
Survival type activies for Scout camp
When should you carry a firearm when hiking/trekking?
Why are indoor climbing grades easier?
What is the best mountaineering quote that you have ever read?
My head torch/lamp has a red mode, why?
What steps should I take if someone starts sinking?
Can any waterborne pathogens survive boiling?
What is the difference between men&#39;s and women&#39;s hiking boots?
What should you do if you see a rattle snake?
What is the best way to store my tent?
What are some proven methods of training for week long backpacking trips in high altitude?
How do you remove mold from a tent?
How long is too long to suffer from constipation in the back country?
What to look for in a quality tarp?
Looking for a Topographical map resource?
What do I need to be aware of if I&#39;m considering purchasing a Personal Locator Beacon (PLB)?
What are the vitamin considerations for extended backpacking
Are there any low sodium freeze dried meals?
Good resources for information about hiking trails near Boston
What makes a good head lamp?
Kilimanjaro expedition - trousers - softshell vs. gore-tex
How can I keep my iPhone going on a multiday hike?
Does any tent manufacturer promise to have replacement parts?
Is it legal to light bonfires on UK beaches?
What are some good games to play with children on hikes?
What practical issues do I need to be aware of when hiking or camping on my own?
What to look for when purchasing a fixed blade knife
Pros and Cons of paracord
Formula for rough amount of water to carry on hike?
Long or short sleeves on a hike in the Desert?
Using a Girth Hitch in Alpine Draws
Where can I find an iodine crystal water purification product?
Is there simple guidance on sunburn risk associated with altitude?
How to estimate distance in sea
Are fires in natural caves/overhangs safe?
Should I worry about moisture in my inflatable sleeping pad?
What is a good tool for minor trail maintenance while hiking?
Is it safe to drink out of a rusty thermos?
What is a good material to patch holes in backpack?
How to carry dslr camera when rock-climbing
What temperature to prepare for on Everest base camp trek?
Sailing with a child
Light-weight emergency overnight-gear
How to apply duct tapes and mole skin to prevent blisters?
What can I use an old tent for?
To stuff or not to stuff (the rain-fly of a tent)
How safe is sleeping in bear country?
Are headaches a bad sign at altitude?
Is it realistic to teach yourself rock climbing?
How to dry Gore-Tex boots in the field
How to preserve cheese while backpacking?
Is saltwater antiseptic?
How should a climbing rope be cleaned?
Is it safe to be in a vehicle during lightning/thunderstorms?
Making a Make-Shift harness from Tape-Slings
How do you flavour your water on camping trips?
How to safely mark a rope
What to do if a team member falls sick?
How to overcome fear of falling in lead climbing
Measuring a dangerous snow slope
Ice skating on a frozen lake -- how thick should the ice be?
What are the critical dimensions to a safe bear-bag?
What are the most effective ways to start a fire in the cold?
Bear bags vs Bear canisters: which is better?
What should I look for if I want to buy a winter-proofed tent?
I found a Deer Tick on my friend and removed it, what should I do now?
Is a varied diet necessary while backpacking?
What would be a safe ascent rate when mountaineering?
How do I inspect a climbing rope?
What is the difference between single and double wall tents?
Techniques for building a raft from wood
What things should I look for when buying a compass?
Is it practical to get a satellite phone for communication from remote areas?
Are there any specific guidelines for edible plants in North America?
How do you make a snow shelter?
Is bear spray effective against other animals?
How to make a signal fire that can be seen miles away
What are some natural glues found in nature?
Can you eat pine needles in an emergency?
How to get started skiing?
What is a buff?
Best way to illuminate a tent?
How can I tell what time it is without a watch?
What type of knife should I carry while rock climbing?
How do you determine worm color for Large Mouth Bass
How often should I wax skis?
Falling into an ice cold body of water
Mountaineering / glacial traverse: rope-up or go it alone?
Legality of &quot;semi-permanent&quot; wooden structures in state and national forests in the US
Minimum equipment recommendations for hammock camping
What are the key differences between Mountaineering and Rock Climbing?
How do I extend the life of waterproof leather boots?
How to choose a fire steel and use it most effectively?
What is the proper way to tarp tent to avoid condensation?
Eating Matches to repel insects?
How can rope/cordage be packed to minimize tangles?
What qualities should I look for in a good walking pole?
How do I use these &quot;guy line runners&quot; to adjust the tension on my tent&#39;s lines?
Features to look for when buying a stove (for car camping)
Bowline knot, end at the inside or outside?
How to set up a tent in deep snow
How do you best treat a turned ankle in the back country?
Can I use my leather jacket to go to ski?
How can I go camping in Nepal and Northern Pakistan?
Is department store merino wool less effective than branded (i.e. SmartWool) merino wool in staying warm and wicking moisture?
How can I improve my footwork while rock-climbing?
Trekking in the himalayan region
What alternative topographic maps exist in the USA?
Winter Camping: How to warm up your boots in the morning?
Does whiskey help keep you warm in winter?
Do kevlar sacks work against bears?
Toproping with two ropes joined by a double fisherman&#39;s
Is it possible to develop immunity against mosquitos?
Why do many climbers appear to not trust their belay loops?
How can I keep my backpack from resting directly against my back?
What&#39;s the difference between Sport Climbing and Traditional Climbing
How dangerous is a band of coyotes to a lone, unarmed human?
How to take care of steel crampons?
What precautions are needed for caving
How can I contact emergency services in the US via the internet?
How precise is a pedometer for estimating on a backpacking trip?
Logic behind hikers yielding to horses?
Does drinking tea cause problems at altitude?
Should one run (or walk) back to civilization if bitten by a rattlesnake?
Do polarized sunglasses protect against UV?
Travelling and taking climbing chalk through customs
What are creative uses for retired carabiners?
Tree bark as food
What happens if I inadvertently set off a personal locator beacon?
How do you locate the &quot;North Star&quot;?
Black bears and torch lights
Ration or consume water?
How to make DIY ice axe protectors?
What is the loop on the finger of my winter gloves for?
Are Rhododendron and Mountain Laurel truly toxic to burn in a campfire?
Can I light a kerosene lamp with flint &amp; steel or a magnifying glass?
Best technique to sharpen a knife using a whetstone?
V-threads (Abalakov): How many holes are too many?
Is there a technique to snow-shoeing besides &quot;walk on the snow&quot;?
How much does a full/empty jetboil canister weigh?
How should I traverse fields with horses in?
How can I vet a hiking partner without potential hard feelings?
How far would you need to fall for it to be fatal?
How do I tie a sleeping bag to my backpack?
How can one find the difficult to find geocaches?
How should I treat hypothermia?
How can I signal for help in the wilderness?
What are some alternative ways of fishing - i.e. catching fish?
Is it better to camp in a disturbed area, or pick a new spot and let the first rest?
Resources for finding public hunting land
Why does my belay device have two holes?
What is the difference between Gore-Tex and Mountain Hardwears DryQ?
What exercises are recommended to build strength for hiking?
How can I prevent plantar fasciitis?
Can I shoot a bear in self-defense?
What should you look for when buying hiking socks?
Should a hiker be concerned about wolves in the back-country?
What proven alternatives are there to DEET?
How do you safely cut wood with a knife?
How to treat shin splints while backpacking
Starting cross-country skiing off trails
Left-Handed Helical Fletching
How effective are portable electric fences?
How are backpacking conditions at Yosemite in April?
Is it a good Idea to drink grape sap if you have no clean water?
Are Trangia and MSR fuel bottles inter changeable?
How to toughen up hands?
What to look out for when buying used backpacks
Am I allowed to sleep in the wild in the Austrian Alps?
Dealing with a campsite that is full of rocks or not flat terrain?
Can I heat a shelter with fire?
Energy bars for outdoors activities: what are the important criteria?
Jerky or Freeze-dried food : Is the salt they contain a concern?
Storing Headlamps: With or without batteries?
What makes nylon an effective material for hiking pants?
What dried vegetarian foods have the highest ratio of calories to volume?
How do I mount a hangboard in an apartment?
How can you make a MSR WhisperLite stove simmer?
Methods for taping hands, wrists, and fingers for climbing?
Minimizing ecological impact of winter-sports in the backcountry
Safe Way to Mark a Carabiner
How safe is the bowline knot in different situations?
Camping in (US) national forests
How to find new poles for old tent?
Splitting up weight hiking as a couple/mixed gender group
What are traditional Sami trail markings?
When to kill and bleed a fish
Why do people who backpack sleep in tents instead of tarps?
Does low blood pressure have an effect on Acute Mountain Sickness?
What are the consequences of — illegally — using a 446 MHz PMR in the North American wilderness?
Hot or cold shower better after exertion?
What do I do if I lose my belay plate?
Trekking poles: what are the pros and cons of Anti-shock vs standard designs?
Group Trips: 1 Large cook group or smaller cook groups of 3 or 4?
Resoling climbing shoes yourself
Reacting to tornado warnings while camping with no buildings nearby
Why shouldn&#39;t I buy an ultra light tent?
How well does solar recharging work when strapped to the backpack?
How can I make Tyvek less noisy?
What are good items to leave in a geocache?
Is it safe to sleep for more than 16 hrs a day at altitudes above 6000m?
Is it possible to put a kayak in the water in Berlin and reach the Baltic via lakes and rivers?
Can a compass needle become de-magnetized over time?
How to walk as a roped party on a glacier?
Dropping gear: Where did the hairline/micro fracture urban legend come from?
Why don&#39;t people in the UK use snowshoes?
Pressing the knee while on an ascend
Is there any difference between a harness used for rock climbing vs for mountaineering?
How to reduce the annoying sound of falling raindrops on a tent?
How should I check the anchor is secure when I anchoring a small yacht off unfamiliar land?
When stranded at sea, should I not ask for a tow?
How do I desalinate seawater?
Does drinking alcohol cause problems at altitude?
When rock climbing, what is the difference between top-roping and leading?
Is it worth buying a footprint?
How do I tie a Prusik knot?
Staying dry in severe weather
What type of mosquito repellent is most effective?
Where can I find if a fixed blade knives is legal to carry around in a given country?
Which will drain less body heat: lying on bare earth or bare rock?
How do I make a fin selection for various surfing conditions
What precautions should I take when hiking among herds of elk?
For a DIY wood burning stove, is there a significant advantage of the double wall &quot;bushbuddy&quot; style?
Is it legal to collect firewood (to take away) from woods and forests in the UK?
Prevent mosquito bites: insect repellent patch or just eat vitamin B1?
How to tell if water is likely to have cryptosporidium?
How do you sharpen a hand chain saw?
What are the tradeoffs for a Tomahawk over an Axe
What sleeping bags are needed for a northbound thru-hike of the AT
What&#39;s the advantage to a bent-shaft paddle?
Cooking by pouring hot water into plastic bags?
How does the Esbit stove perform in cold &amp; wind?
How should I put out a campfire while away from civilization?
Eating in a long sport activity (scuba diving) to keep your strength up
Can oiling keep tools from rusting?
What&#39;s the best way to use up (and dispose of) almost-empty butane canisters?
What can an injured person in the outdoors do to prevent infection by flesh-eating bacteria?
Under which conditions are weather forecasts reliable?
Group protocol should the group become separated
What is Geocaching?
Would a tampon be a good addition to a survival kit
Will boiling be enough to decontaminate standing water from pathogens and toxins?
Is there a portable / comfortable pillow suitable for camping / backpacking?
How do I prevent rocks or sand from getting in my boots?
How to avoid the layer of ice inside a water bottle during winter activities?
Tent floor waterproof rating
what boots are good for caving?
Soft or hard drinking bottle?
What should I do if caught in a sand storm?
Can I replace Dish soap?
How should I correctly use poles and other equipment to avoid back pain on long hikes?
Is buying an expensive sleeping bag better?
How do you know if smaller brands of climbing equipment are safe?
How do I tie a slackline with only carabiners and webbing?
What are the advantages of learning to ski on a trip? (as opposed to beforehand)
What natural (non-synthetic) fabrics are good for the winter?
Isn&#39;t Nor&#39;easter supposed to move from the Northeast to Southwest?
When is it too cold for Tarping?
What is the true risk of suffocation from different combustion sources in a tent? (CO2, CO)
Trail maintenance: what is considered inappropriate when maintaining a trail?
What are the key factors when choosing a sleeping bag for backpacking?
Where in Europe is wilderness meeting the U.S. wilderness definition?
May hiking in Eastern California
How far is a reasonable distance for someone to hike on their first trip?
Bear spray vs. rifles against polar bears?
Is there a difference in performance between a fishing kayak and touring kayak?
Sailing with an infant
How tight should the line be kept for toproping?
What should I do for a dislocated shoulder?
Overview of free and open huts in Norway outside the system of the official tourist association DNT
Does having sex in the back-country attract bears or other critters?
Can you tell if a plant is edible by watching what animals eat it?
Trek-able peaks in the himalayan range
How bright a flashlight would I realistically need for searching through terrain?
How do female-urination-devices perform on long backpacking trips?
Climbing volcanic mountains
Flashlight or headlamp for night hiking?
Is there a standard set of light signals for mountaineers?
Planning a Trip with strangers
When should I retire my rope
Reference request: books on self-rescue while climbing
Climbing with a much lighter partner?
How frequent are polar bears inland in the Mealy Mountains and English Mountains in Labrador?
Allemansr&#228;tten: What restrictions?
Why does sunscreen not work all day?
Kayaking in the UK
Maintaining a Mountain Hut
Using a &quot;tarp&quot; over the entrance of a snow cave
What should a rescue team be equipped with?
Satellite phone payment plans for irregular use
Wasp repellent for an object/area?
How can I test out my equipment before a backpacking trip?
Kayaks vs canadians from a beginner&#39;s perspective
Technique for lead solo climbing with rope
Dealing with large runouts during sport climbing
How to effectively dry/clean the inside of water bladders?
How to cross a 25 feet wide Crevasse?
How to go about replacing sport climbing bolts?
Leading an inexperienced group
Managing the garbage over a lengthy trek at higher altitudes
How can I prevent animals from marking my camp as their territory?
Why would I want a pressurized hydration pack?
How to prepare for a long rocky alpine route, which is unusual for me?
What this instrument is used for?
What are safe/effective leaves from around the world for use in tidying up your backside after answering the call of nature?
Are there any sunglasses with prescription insert that does not alter depth sense?
For how long afterwards do we benefit from acclimatization?
How to humanely kill an injured bird?
Train yourself to need less water
Are drop bears dangerous?
How do you stop blood-flow from a leech bite?
How do I recognize if someone is suffering from hypothermia?
How do I find known and documented trails for trail running in New England?
How do I self arrest without an ice axe?
What causes an avalanche and can I predict one?
How can I rescue someone lost in an avalanche?
How do I catch fish with fish hooks but no bait?
How to safely carry a fixed-blade knife?
How can I prevent batteries from losing charge in cold weather?
What kinds of knives are allowed while camping in California?
What are some effective ways of reducing itching from a mosquito bite?
How can I make/improvise a rope on a trip?
How much fuel to carry for melting snow?
Are there any reliable and/or easy to use &quot;rule of thumb&quot; guides for windchill calculations?
How to store fuel tablets for travel
Should I always take a hard hat if I go scrambling?
How to find objective reviews of outdoors gear?
Will bug repellent repel deer?
How to sail a packraft
Thinking about a road trip out West
Will any filter/pump purifier last through longer hikes?
Are barberries edible?
Does wash in waterproofing work on a non-waterproof shell? 
Wild berries in Southern California
How do I remove mildew from a tent?
Why do some knives have one-sided sharpening?
Material of shirt for Desert hiking
How important is thermal underwear for skiing?
Is there anything that can be done to stop my insoles sliding?
Are there boots made for a longer 2nd toe?
Is it normal for a double skin popup tent to leak in slight rain?
How to maximise the chances of survival when stranded in open sea?
How easy is to magnetically destroy a compass?
How big a fall is a &quot;major&quot; fall?
What are &quot;Aggressive&quot; climbing Shoes?
Is it safe to use water purification tablets after their expiration date?
Cooking over a fire
How can I locate the leak in a inflatable pad
How can you make snares safe?
Pack recommendations for running?
In what conditions is a four-season tent needed?
Winter food : Should I change my habits for winter?
What exercises should you do before a ski trip to build leg stamina?
How to heal &quot;blown tips&quot; faster after a climb?
Are there significant behaviour differences among bear species to adopt different safety rules?
Are PLBs banned or otherwise useless anywhere?
Moose: How to decrease the risk of being injured?
How to avoid pendulum descent when belaying?
What are some good gluten-free foods for backpacking?
Walking trailers
Safe to use Old Water Filter?
Experiences hiking with a baby: backpacks
Tips for travelling through Europe with just a tent
How to select a good GPS receiver?
How much warmth dead leaves add if placed under your tent/pad?
How is hygiene possible with ocean water only?
Is it safe to swim naked in lakes in Northern Europe?
Are bears more attracted to menstruating females?
Can the Swiss Alps be hiked in the winter?
Can bears smell empty beer bottles?
Alternatives to retreating quickly when caught in a lightning storm when rock climbing?
How do you dry wet socks when camping/backpacking if it&#39;s raining and the socks cannot be hung to dry outside
How do climbers retrieve anchored rope?
Placing protection efficiently when leading trad?
Hauling a pack during climbing
Tips for a novice backpacker
How to begin in alpine tours
What purpose does a mesh liner serve in outdoors clothing?
Vibram FiveFingers, useful, gimic?
Official Protocols to be followed in England for trekking/hiking
What sort of weird (interesting) rock is this?
How to get started on canyoning?
Why are unequalised anchors acceptable for fixed-point belay systems used while ice climbing?
Trekking near Berlin
Which mid-line knot is best suited for a trucker&#39;s hitch?
How do I determine if a tent can handle strong wind?
What should I do when caught in lightning while in my tent?
If a national park trail with its campsites has been decommisioned, can I still hike and camp there?
What factors should I be aware of when storing a kayak?
Do barrel style root cellars get colder the deeper you dig them?
Most Eco-Friendly way to Identify a Climbing Route
Dealing With Sap On A Tent
Adjusting the Torso setting for the backpack
Lowering off from anchors vs. rappelling after a climb?
Is it possible to &#39;moisture trap&#39; from trees while thru-hiking?
How many calories does hiking burn?
Backpack strap chafing
Field dressing small game in hot climates
Reusing the same water bottle for drinking tap water
Do mountains regularly (for a mountain) change height?
When should you use gear to climb a tree?
Winter route grades
Arm compression sleeves for climbing
What are the real dangers of climbing at high altitude?
Avoiding building a belay anchor too low down
Rock Climbing falling.Turning upside down
Is it ok to use rolled aluminum descending rings in permanent anchors?
Is this &quot;dry suit cutting wrists&quot; story realistic?
Acclimatization strategies
What is the purpose of the shoulder strap upper adjustment?
Why are backpack waist straps so long?
How to camp in wolf country?
How would I find a hot spring?
What can I do on a honeymoon in New Zealand while five months pregnant?
What are the principles of Leave no Trace?
Carrying hardboiled eggs when hiking
Climbing barefoot/in toe-shoes?
Is it legal to camp on private property in Russia?
I put a big gouge in the bow of my canoe going across rocks. How can I fix it?
How do I treat a blister? How can I prevent getting them in the first place?
What style crampon should I use for my hiking boots and how do I adjust them?
What to do if you&#39;re bitten by an adder?
How do I set a top rope anchor?
Folding versus fixed blade knives
What should you do if you are bitten by a rattlesnake?
Gas or liquid fuel lighter?
How do I Eskimo roll a kayak?
What is the preferred knot for cinching a hard item to your car rack?
Kitesurfing optimal conditions
What mosquito nets can be used while camping?
How do I read a topographic map?
How could I treat scrapes outdoors without a first aid kit?
How can I calculate the time of sunrise?
Are Personal Flotation Devices a good idea when rafting?
What are the advantages / disadvantages of a rock climbing hat made from hard plastic to one made out of carbon fiber?
How to patch holes in waterproof/breathable jacket?
Is the &quot;Rule of 3&quot; proven for food?
Are there any specific techniques that should be used when starting a fire in the rain?
What can be safely trimmed on a backpack
Is it necessary to carry a knife sharpener?
Is it possible to improvise a knife sharpener in the wild?
How do I get started duck hunting?
What are the best ways to increase your draw weight?
What good options are there for wine transport?
Magnetic deviation at either pole
How long does mayonnaise last unrefrigerated in the back-country?
What is the minimum gap needed for a windscreen on a cat can stove?
How can I tell when pemmican has spoiled?
Is it safe to eat poison ivy berries since I don&#39;t react to the leaves?
What should I as a beginning surfer consider when buying my first longboard?
Preventing cross-loading on belay carabiners
What is the most suitable cooking equipment to use for a long duration in central asia countries?
Is there a kayak / paddleboard for large people?
How do I check paracord to determine if it&#39;s genuine?
How do I correctly clean (remove) Tri-Cams?
Does a groover have to stink?
Packing delicate equipment for a hike
An alternative to geocaching, but with classic maps instead of GPS?
Is there a consensus or ethic for rappelling off a tree?
wilderness maps
Does anyone have an account of someone using a survival tin in a survival situation
When should you be alert for snakes?
Are used climbing shoes safe?
Preferred way to wrap someone with Hypothermia?
Best approach to camping in snow?
Which types of wood will make food taste bad?
Storing Fuel Canisters with Stove Pump Attached
How can I locate the leak in a inflatable pad, while hiking
What does glass mean in the context of hunting?
New Zealand recommended hiking maps, books and other resources
What is a freestanding tent and why should I want one?
Tips for hunting nocturnal deer
Are roads in Iceland closed to hikers outside the winter?
Snowshoes for hilly terrain
What should I look for in a rope for climbing?
Is there a large difference in WFA (Wilderness First Aid) programs?
Running shoes for asphalt + winter conditions?
Is it safe to use a motorcycle helmet instead of a skiing helmet for skiing?
Canadian Law with respect to knifes
How much heat can a candle lantern provide while winter camping?
Water-resistant shoes for Trekking in New Zealand
Winter food: which types of food are less inclined to freeze?
What is the fastest style of sled?
Is there a web application that can notify you ahead of time if a certain weather forecast is predicted for a certain location?
Safest months to hike in Colorado
Advantages to hammock camping on multi-night trips
Booking Alpine huts
Best type of rope for glacier travel?
Is there special etiquette for hiking the Appalachian Trail (AT) during AT Season
Do bag liners add the same warmth value to all sleeping bags?
Can body-to-body rewarming be used as a last resort treatment of hypothermia?
What should I look for in hiking binoculars
What kinds of things are the &quot;defensive driving&quot; equivalent to handling campfires?
Avalanche forecast in North America?
Logs &amp; Rocks - Step on or over?
How should I remove a leech?
How can I conserve water over long treks?
Sweating in sleeping bag
What are the odds that I stand a chance against Wild Boars?
Is it generally allowed to walk in German forests in the night?
What are the major difference between a regular sleeping bag and one designed for women?
Who places the anchors that rock climbers use?
Will the benefit of an axe outweigh the drawbacks and win over a large knife?
How dangerous is it to fall 3 meters when lead climbing?
Dog Breeds for Backpacking and Trail Running
How to make a fire without burning the ground
Refillable camping stoves for use in the UK
Is caffeine helpful or hurtful when backpacking?
What parks are still open during the US government shutdown?
John Muir&#39;s Gear List
Do leeches have a preference?
Are bears attracted by Lotions and Perfumes?
Are nutrition bars/energy bars good for high altitude treks?
What are the proper precautions/protocols for storing food while car camping in an area with bears?
&quot;Must Have&quot; in a starter Trad Rack
Warmth of two sleeping bags
Walking through a Thigh-high snow
What shoes to wear while climbing monolithic granite rocks?
First crampon grade to buy
How to store a backpack while sleeping?
Practical uses for urine
Sandpapering Finger Tips
Cutting snow steps on slopes
How do you keep the inside of your backpack organized?
What are good designs for volunteer-buildable trail bridges?
What&#39;s the maximum temperature difference wind-chill can account for?
Who places the bolts on rock climbing routes, and how?
Why should the angle in a rope attached to two anchors be 60 degrees or less?
What to do at the top of a sport climb
Improving sport climbing skills
Urbex question: How to protect myself from asbestos?
Some mobile helper for tree climbing?
Maxpedition Condor 2 unresolved questions
Do I need to hang a bear cache?
How high to climb before clipping on a sport climb?
Am I liable for damage or injuries caused by my dog?
&quot;Tag line&quot;/&quot;pull cord&quot; for multipitch trad: what kind and when needed?
Guy Ropes and Wildlife
What format should I use to report my location to emergency responders?
Which buoys and markers should I look out for when kayaking (or other water-recreational sports)?
Water filters - why sand and rocks?
Legality of parking and setting up camp on side of mountain roads in California near Los Angeles
Planned winter bivi
Foam vs hardshell climbing helmets?
Rating unorthodox climbs
In an abandoned quarry, is it possible to pry loose rocks from walls until stable?
How should I pack for a week of backpacking in the rain?
Fitness for surfing?
What features should I consider when evaluating a hammock-tent hybrid?
What is the best way to transport a kayak?
What are the most common stinging plants to be aware of in North America?
Climbing Webbing with Taped Ends (where &amp; why)
If injured and lost, what are your biggest priorities for survival?
Is Paradoxical Undressing a stage beyond Hypothermia?
Setting up a shelter
Using a rope &quot;Alpine Style&quot;/Moving together
Knee pain when descending a mountain
Fly casting in heavy cover/growth
Acquiring a Camp Site at the Everest Base Camp
During high-altitude lengthy expedition: To shave or not shave?
What to look for in a winter skills course?
Leader injured during multipitch trad climb, what to do?
How to carry a bicycle in a canoe?
Statistics on types and survivability of anchor failures?
ski exercises whilst sitting at a desk
How to detect a crevasse on a glacier
When should you start to train with Campus Boards, Hang Boards and Peg Boards?
Will a down sleeping bag recover 100% after being squeezed if it&#39;s not for a long time?
Tips and tricks for backpacking with a guitar
How can I avoid an encounter with a large feline?
Slings for anchoring and lanyard in rock climbing
Divers deliberately breathing fast before diving into water
What&#39;s the most remote place in the continental US?
Can cold weather be sufficient to act as a refrigerator?
Belay with a broken arm
Why are death percentages of death from trauma in an avalanche so different between USA, Europe, and Canada?
If my depth varies +- 2m when breathing in and out, what&#39;s gone wrong?
Which month would be, on probability, the best month to trek on the Isle of Skye, Scotland?
How to stay hydrated with minimum water usage
Is there a more practical type of cord to carry than &quot;550 paracord&quot;?
Uses for different size locking carabiners
Delayed muscle ache after boulder session
How to overcome mental hurdles of adventure trauma?
How to attach signs to trees considering tree growth?
Do leeches fall onto prey from trees?
Should I get trekking poles for snowshoeing, or stick with ski poles?
Is there a straightforward way to calculate energy requirements for a trek
Where can I find information on letterboxing in my area?
Serrated vs flat-edge knives
What are the most important indicators of an high-risk avalanche zone?
Indicators of good Atlantic Ocean surf conditions
After I&#39;ve shot large game, and it escapes, how can I track it?
How can I tie a bowline knot with one hand?
What fps does a bow need to hunt moose?
How can I avoid putting cinder burn holes in my clothing?
Backup prusik for Abseiling: Where does it go?
Time of high / low tide
Do I need skins to drag a pulk on skis?
What should I look for when buying a Lensatic Compass
Do reusable &quot;hand coolers&quot; exist?
Search and rescue costs in Iceland?
Is there a functional safety difference in types of helmets
what are the differences between high-end sleeping pads and cut to fit foam mats
What is the impact of clothing color in a tropical jungle environment?
What is a good starter kit for beginning indoor climbing?
What is the best way to break up a fight among dogs on a sled line?
Which brands make wider hiking boot sizes?
Navigational gear worldwide
Training to prepare for oxygen deficiency in the high mountains
Looking for a boot recommendation
Do I need to break in double plastic mountaineering boots?
What&#39;s a good, secure way to attach neodymium magnets to a geocache?
Does the solar powered fridge work as advertised whilst hiking?
Will gelled fuel work in a cat can stove?
What is a a good source of vitamin C in the wild?
Yellowstone back country camping trip?
Royalex vs Royalite
Is it possible to have wild meat inspected or graded?
technical clothing and fabric softener
What are the benefits of a baitcaster over a spinning reel for bass fishing?
Is it illegal to remove rocks from a riverbed in the UK
What should I replace guylines with?
Is there a website with current river water levels?
Places for canyoning in England / Wales
6 day trek in Nepal Himalaya
Does a red headscarf or hat provide better protection from the sun?
Is there any repellent against wasps, bees and hornets?
How does one steer a two-person kayak?
Calculating time until sunset
Probability of Being Struck by Lightning
Is there an accepted way to self-belay yourself on top rope?
What should I do if I break a shoelace in the wilderness?
What are different knots named in English?
How do you fashion a spear with a fixed blade
Walk-away fishing
How to choose a safe cliff path
How much waterproofing spray to apply to my softshell jacket
What backwoods trick to get pure water produces the most safe water?
Does Moss only grow on the North side of trees?
Legal issues when entering school areas while geocaching in Europe
Near-realtime satellite snow-cover imagery via easy web-interface
How to be safe on lake and river ice and what should I do when I fall through?
How do I reseal a tent bottom with many pinprick holes
What characteristics should I look for in a good torch/flashlight?
Trekking Pole Length
How to prevent skin cracks?
What lower temperature limit should I look for in sleeping bag for the Appalachian Trail?
Climbing Insurance
What can I use to label my medicine tubes?
Recommendations for two-way radios to use while skiing
One-day hike around Prague
What’s special about a winter gas mixture? Why does it work better?
Are there any exceptions to the layer principle?
Can I mix fuels when using the MSR whisperlite international stove?
Difference between Franz Josef and Fox glaciers
Difference between a Fingerboard and a Hangboard
End-of-season maintenance / storage tips for ski boots?
Lacing materials for huaraches
What is a typical elongation of a dynamic climbing rope?
Do folding cross country skis exist?
What to do with old hydration bladders?
How would you evaluate sailing lessons for adults?
What to teach someone who wants to start lead climbing?
What is the correct way to attach an autoblock to your harness for rappelling?
How to get rid of the smell from indoor climbing shoes?
swapping lead when climbing in a group of three using a pair of half ropes
Will barefoot walking harden the skin and help prevent blisters when trekking in heavy shoes?
Are water purification tablets safe?
At what point do I need snow goggles or glacier glasses when hiking?
Is titanium cookware safe?
How to cope with thorns when hiking barefoot?
How to grade a trek?
When are cotton socks actually better?
What are the repercussions of entering National parks during US Government shutdown?
What are the first aid precautions to be taken in case of a snake bite?
Could smoking pipe tobacco or a cigar attract bears and/or other wildlife?
Anchor without cordelette?
Keeping the things interesting in a small climbing gym
Is it really that unsafe to touch a stranger&#39;s wound?
Climbing Mount Teide from sea-level
Freezing fingers and toes
Strengthening exercises for a backpacking trip?
Can you use a rope that has been in storage for a few years?
Can a Finger Pulley injury be predicted / anticipated?
Roping together on an icy path?
Do mountains really make their own weather, and if so why?
How is the Nuaulu palm leaf carrying pot made?
Is there any upper temperature limit for a given sleeping bag?
Sizing up high altitude boots
How to pull one&#39;s partner from a crack/crevasse when skiing?
How do I fold in / tidy up the straps on my rucksack?
Do &quot;R&quot; Values Add proportionally
How to prepare for a 1 day 10 mi hike around Gettysburg, PA?
What to consider when buying fins for recreational snorkeling?
Depth Perception in the Mountains
Hiking and wild sleeping in California wilderness
What sleeping gear should I use in a lean-to?
Would 4mil polyethylene plastic make a good tarp tent? Clear Plastic Tarp?
Which fuel burns the cleanest? Can I use E85 for an MSR stove?
What permits and reservations do I need for the Adirondacks?
Week long trek, how far each day? pace?
Buoyancy aids ratings
Altitude sickness when going from sea level to 14,000 ft (4,200m) in a single day
Is it normal that a down sleeping bag loses its loft after ~5 years ~150 nights?
Semi-static rope 24 hour rule
How to arrange 2 Prusiks when ascending a rope?
Are self-inflatable sleeping pads more slippery than other mats?
How do you repair a plastic kayak?
How to use all the fuel in a bottle with a MSR Whisperlite Internationale?
Camping on a uninhabited island in Sweden&#39;s sk&#228;rg&#229;rd near Gothenburg
What information to leave with your emergency contact?
How to get weather forecasts at Yellowstone?
Carrying a portable stove
How to find climbing shoes for toe and heel hooks?
How do you go upriver in a canoe?
When to set up a Cordelette and an Equalette?
Preventing hand blisters while paddling
How to wash a foam helmet?
How to achieve a climbing anchor that can withstand an upward load?
What is the most effective means of paddling a canoe, against the current, under a bridge?
Winter bivvying in the Alps: what is a good temperature rating for a sleeping bag
How to make a fully-enclosed tarp setup with a 1.4 x 2.4 meter tarp, for one person?
What is the easiest way to prepare a rabbit snare with minimal tools?
What should one do when they get a cramp while swimming?
Big Wall Climbing Portaledge Toilet Etiquette?
Finding a suitable slope to practice self arrest?
What is an effective way to join a map that is printed on several sheets?
River crossing in winter?
Best rope for a rope swing
Quality/robustness of avalanche shovels
using anti-perspirant in extreme cold climate
What are the advantages of a vapour barrier?
Avoiding 4WD-areas in Iceland
Headlamp with open flame
Storing food in the desert
How to get pine sap off my teeth
How to straighten a bent tent pole
Is it safe to put snow in water filtration?
Cycling in Ontario — do I need to worry about permission to access logging roads?
Ice Axes - Ice blade or Mix blade?
Where can I camp when driving Highway 37 in British Columbia, Canada?
Most efficient training before alpine hiking/climbing?
Spray on waterproofing for non-dwr fabrics?
How do membrane-based boots breathe?
when is it OK to hike off trail?
Does sleeping with liner shoes make you feel colder?
Leave no Trace: Are campfires unethical?
Is it possible to &quot;pad&quot; the shoulder straps of backpack?
Rougher treks with Vibram Fivefingers
What can I do to prevent getting poison ivy?
What negative consequences can result from having too much toe room in a shoe
Will glucosamine and chondroitin sulphate prevent or repair damage to climbers’ fingers?
What is a good knife for survival in a forested environment?
What type of pole can be used for trout while backpacking?
What are some good ways to waterproof a geocache / letterbox?
How can you prevent trekking pole locking mechanisms from slipping?
When should you repair rock gouges in skis?
What is the best rope to have in a survival situation?
Good ways to avoid snakes when hiking?
What does IBO on a bow mean and how is it calculated?
Does Fj&#228;llr&#228;ven produce serious outdoors gear, or is it just trendy?
How is ATA measured on a compound bow?
What levels of &#39;waterproofness&#39; and &#39;breathability&#39; should I be looking for in a ski jacket?
How to reduce pain of wasp stings
What qualities to look for in a good emergency whistle?
How is &quot;pack weight&quot; measured
If you get a &quot;clean&quot; kill on a deer how long do you have to field dress?
NuCanoe 12&#39; vs. NuFontier 12&#39;
What is the effect of changing side and edge bevel on ski edges?
Should I use my cold weather boots in 40-80&#176;F weather?
Is it okay to trust your health to a mushroom hunters guide?
Gas or Electric trolling motor?
Is there a way to light a fire in the wild using rocks?
Recommended windproof matches?
How do I store my sleeping bag for long periods?
How to select paracord
Cam Sling Modification
Finding water in the dry wilderness
What is the best stroke for swimming in rapids aggressively?
Avoiding compression when packing synthetic sleeping bag
What brands make propane lanterns, stoves, heaters, and accessories in America?
Big group/basecamp tent
How to get started with packrafts?
How to choose a class of rapids for a variety of skill levels?
How do I identify dangerous, marshy land?
Dome tents vs popup tents, are there any inherent pros or cons besides price and ease?
Tanto or Utility knife to carry mountaineering?
When buying a wooden boat, fixer-upper or scrapyard?
Spectra/Dyneema groundsheet punctures
Bleaching Dyneema/Spectra
How to estimate current speed and direction at sea?
Campsites in Virginia which allow alcohol?
How do I reduce bow string travel on a bow drill?
What are the options for stopping wetsuit booties becoming water logged?
What are some mortal dangers in temperate woods?
How can I build a safe, effective igloo?
Does camping in polar bear country require someone to keep guard during the night?
How do I light a spirit (ethanol) stove when it&#39;s cold?
What kind of Tyvek is suitable for footprint material
What is a travel bug?
Beginner Ski Touring - Avalanche Terrain
Interactive online map of long-distance / marked trails against best freely available topographic map background
For what it&#39;s worth: climbing-tape
Is freeze-dried food healthy?
Trekking poles with many attachments?
How can I physically prepare for high altitude hiking?
Experiences hiking with a baby: diapers
How to maintain climbing strength while training for a marathon
Can I use a garbage bag to approximate pack size
What is a &quot;fast pack&quot; setup for a tent?
How can I &#39;inflate&#39; or plump up my my sleeping bag?
What is a safe type of backyard zip line for kids and adults to use?
Covering up ears at higher altitudes
Advice for first Grand Canyon Hike for Eastern Hikers
What&#39;s the problem with electrolyte imbalance and how do I mitigate it?
What are the advantages of a double sleeping bag?
If an autoblock inteferes with a belay device will a fireman belay have any effect?
What does &quot;expedition-weight&quot; mean with regard to clothing?
Transfer data from Suunto Ambit2 without Movelink
Where to keep valuables when separated from them
How can I report an emergency via SMS text message?
Where can I find current information on shelters in the Swedish mountains?
Hiking in the Pyrenees late July/early August, what track should I do?
Emergency measures: sleeping bag not suitable for the current weather
What are the minimum set of shoes required for hiking outdoors
How to harden feet for walking barefoot on harsh surfaces?
Whats the best way to abseil off a ledge with the anchor at foot level?
What range should I expect for a reasonable set of walkie-talkies / two-way radio?
Trekking poles on planes
How can a walking style be changed?
Does my layering system need adjusting?
Can I upgrade my MSR Wisperlite International to also be able to burn propane?
How to prepare for and survive wildfire?
Is there an equivalent of &quot;The A.T. Guide&quot; for the Pacific Crest Trail?
How does Frogg Toggs Polypropylene measure up?
What to do when a black bear got a hold of an open bear can?
Clarification sought on the six-inch-cat-hole rule
Sleeping solutions when camping with dogs?
Can I use satellite images as hiking maps, how?
Carry a larger water bottle or a smaller water bottle for backpacking?
Knot for Joining the ropes of different thicknesses
Trekking in Mongolia without a guide?
Why do we need to pee more than usual out in cold weather?
What&#39;s the difference between water-resistant and waterproof?
Do you footprint the inside of your tent, outside, or both?
Can snow lead to dehydration?
Avoiding tangles when leading on double ropes
Cramping Fingers
How safe is drinking distilled water?
How to wash hiking boots
Is it really necessary to gut a fish?
Old Down Sleeping Bag performance
Carry compound bow on back
What EXACTLY is the chemical coating on the outside of GoreTex?
What&#39;s the minimum diameter cord to use when climbing a rope using a prusik
How to pick a trekking/hiking shoelaces?
What are the best resources for learning about foraging?
How to dry paddling gloves
How to estimate is the branch thick enough to stand on it?
Surfacing rapidly after a Scuba Dive
What type of oil to use for axe heads
Where in New Zealand is wild camping permitted?
Pros and cons of Tent vs bivvy bag
What material is the wick under the burner on a multi-fuel stove?
Replacing rope/cord/tape/slings on protection gear
Advantages of types of sleeping bags over another
Effective technique for crossing high and dense mountain pine
Gloves for knuckle protection that can get wet but not necessarily waterproof
Is there a Canadian equivalent to Forestry Rangers
&quot;Used&quot; top rope when bouldering
How long is an activated charcoal filter good for after initial use?
Pack to carry two 30 L barrels
Climbing Mt Kazbek in Georgia
Makeshift Stretchers
To pack Vertical or Horizontal?
Compare running fitness to hiking
How do you compare between different rock climbing grades?
What are the Pros and Cons of Trekking Solo?
Sleeping bag too hot
Comparing 2-person, three-season backpacking tents
Differences for bivi packs
What is a &quot;shooting jacket&quot;?
Brick Wall Rating
recreation.gov trail permits - &quot;W: Available at the Facility&quot;
What is a bloquers?
Personal Locator Beacon registration - warning text
Fine tuning the Warm-up routines at Higher altitude
What does it mean to free a climbing route?
Snake dangers while hunting in the desert?
Lodging while hiking the European E-paths
How to go about a long traverse with just Undercut holds?
Recommended Aconcagua Guide Source?
How to repair the broken stitching and seams in my leather boots?
How durable is cuben fiber in real, practical use?
How to take care of climbing hands?
How to use legs more effectively to avoid grip stress on overhangs
Technical clothing brands for extra long arms?
Where can I expect to find naturally occurring flint in the wild?
Traffic officer – how to prevent fingers from freezing
How to rate a walk/hike by length, height gain, etc using analysis of GPS data?
Should I be using Dyneema slings for lead climbing anchors?
How to clean hiking boots
Which is better, a single fisherman&#39;s knot or a double?
Is this Chinese rock climbing gear manufacturer reliable?
Is Tyvek 44grs/m2 (Tyvek&#174; Soft Structure Style 1443R) waterproof enough to be used as a groundsheet/footprint or tent bottom, any experience?
Thru-hiking the Long Trail (Vermont) in late January
Hitch with no ends
Hills closest to East Anglia
What crampon front-point setup options are specific for various types of ice climbing?
Why all the different accessory cord diameters?
From an outdoor recreation point of view, does it matter who manages a national monument?
Is it true that, in cold conditions, you will freeze faster wearing wet clothes than not wearing any?
What are practical uses of paracord survival bracelets?
What should I do if I get sprayed by a skunk?
Shoe sizes for bouldering
Why should I carry a snow anchor?
How long should you leave a synthetic sleeping bag compressed?
What happened to the Rendlesham Forest Bird climbing frame?
Top gear presenter pees on snare, why?
Stronger bond between GoPro mount and helmet?
Climbing gear: can the energy absorbers of a lanyard for via ferratas be used only once?
Is climbing an ambidextrous sport?
What do I do if a black bear is right outside my tent?
Are there any cheap 1:25K electronic maps for the UK or Europe?
What should I do if I&#39;m stung by a scorpion?
How do I tie a bowline knot?
How can I get rid of mold on climbing skins for skis?
How can I make a footprint?
What to bring into a tree stand?
Pain in the heel after a hike
How to improvise a signal mirror?
What are the options for kayak self-rescue without a paddle float?
How do you punch out toes in ski-touring boots?
Good qualities in carabiners
Where to find hiking shorts that last more than a few months?
evenk / siberian hitch
How to get more information about a planned tour?
Are there any easy hiking daytrips up mountains in Lofoten, Norway?
When does a geocached area become &quot;saturated&quot;?
Should I be careful to use only dry rocks while building a campfire?
How can I improve on the straps on my travel pack?
How can I locate lanes where I can legally drive a 4x4 in the UK?
Turkey Broadheads
What gear for sleeping in wild camping in western Scotland in May?
How should I wash Ventile clothing?
Making own Hammock
How often should I waterproof a tent?
Searching for a lost group member
Is a compass generally accurate in only one hemisphere, or both?
Are there something like student mountain guides clubs in Western Europe?
What to do if you cross paths with a buck?
Should I leave my boat lift above water or submerged?
Replacement tap for Coleman 5 gal. water carrier
Forecasting the weather in the wilderness
What&#39;s the best writing implement to carry to sign a Geocache?
Bending wood, how do I know it is far enough?
Changing the shrouds, how would I know how far if I need to?
Do I need to worry about snow covering up my tent?
Tips for outdoor during the dark winter?
How do I recognise quicksand and how do I get out if stuck?
What is a self erecting tent and why should I want one?
Are 35mm film canisters safe for holding spices?
Can a PVC rain jacket also be used as a windbreaker?
Tool for draining/crushing isobutane fuel canister
How do you determine current trail conditions before going on a hike?
What is the benefit to telemark skiing?
Should I be more careful about postholing during winter hikes?
Repairing a North Face Tent rain cover
Kepler Track: Brod Bay to Iris Burn Hut in one day?
Primitive fire starting in northeastern Brazil
Is a national forest always a forest?
How can I find manuals for old Kelty equipment?
Minimizing impact of small groups on wilderness areas
What’s the difference between a B and a T ice axe?
What is the main purpose of the foam inside a self-inflating mat?
What to do about slippery plastic soles of cross country ski boots
coolest summertime baselayer?
When do small waterfalls get significant freezing
What do unusual waymarks in France mean?
How can I prevent snow-balls building up in my dog&#39;s paws?
Should food be in a bear bag/canister even when I&#39;m hiking?
When climbing should a carabiner ever be clipped to the tie-in loops, and should anything other than a carabiner ever attach to the belay loop?
What should you be aware of when planning late-season or summer skiing?
What do you do for sun allergy?
Sustainable systems for carrying out human waste
How to get rid of bad smell in hiking boots after they have been soaked?
Basics of Via Ferrata
Why can&#39;t a Figure-of-8 descender be used for SRT?
How to Tell When Minimal Running Shoes Are Worn Out?
What resources are needed to attempt E3?
What collapsible or compact skis should I get for communiting?
How to deal with hail outdoors without special equipment?
Is cold shock response a real danger, if someone is used to cold water?
Which is more durable: Hard shell or soft shell?
Gaiters possible to use on flat/minimal shoes?
Difference between Gore-Tex Pro Shell and Gore-Tex Active Shell
Devils path shuttle
How can I practice Climbing without the actual wall and/or equipment?
Is playing musical instruments like Harp/Harmonica, Flute unsafe during backpacking trips?
Where to store non-food related trash in bear territory?
How to realize/judge/assume if one has now fully acclimatized?
Can heartwood be used for fire?
How do you wash your water repellent apparel (DWR)?
What backpacking water purification techniques can be substituted safely during a city&#39;s boil order?
Suitable Food for moderate to High altitude trekking
Is a mother bear more defensive during early summer compared to late summer and autumn?
How to use a Rap Ring
What Rope to purchase?
Has anyone tried making their own make-shift Hydrapack?
When to perform a filtering of the water?
What are possible trekking routes in the Atacama region in mid April?
Body weight compressing Down insulation in Sleeping Bag
What exercises can you do before Scuba Diving to improve your air consumption?
When describing my PADI qualifications with a CMAS diver, is there a well know equivalence table?
Abandoning a multi pitch climb
Are there Latex Free climbing tapes
Safe looking for caches in hollows
How to assure safe searching for cache hidden in my own backyard?
What hikes are must-do at the Grand Canyon north rim?
What are some effective ways of removing stains from my bush knife?
How water proof are these kinds of tents?
Hemp socks and wicking properties
Trekking poles: Collapsed or fixed?
Large Tents and Traditional Campsites
Super/Krazy Glue on Outdoor Gear
When should I use spray-on versus wash-in waterproofer for treating DWR garments?
Why is the category called &quot;Open&quot; in climbing competitions?
Hardshell vs. Softshell jackets
Color vision deficiency a dead end for mountaineering career, as an athlete?
Is a tarp necessary if you have a tent with a rainfly and a footprint?
Where can I find visitor statistics for Canadian provincial and territorial parks?
Any ideas about long-term camping in a 16x16 foot yurt?
Indoor vs. Outdoor sport climbing
Advantages of wool/felt jackets
Ways of attaching a DSLR on a ACT Trail 32 backpack
How are backcountry campground reservations enforced?
Swimming across a strong current
Thunderstorms in the Canadian Rockies in September?
What to look for in a snorkel?
Best lightweight pole for tarp
Selecting a hammer drill for bolting climbs
How do you mount ski bindings?
Looking for secluded camping land in California, near the bay area
How to use campus boards
What wild animals are there in California that can be dangerous or create hassles, and how do I avoid problems with them?
Hiking possibilities near Silicon Valley
What rope to chose to hold my body weight from a monkey fist knot
Footprint or no Footprint in a TNF Assault
Bouldering in California in the summer
Efficient and reliable method for managing a nut tool while following on a trad climb?
Taking Aspirin in higher altitudes
Disposal of Gore-Tex or other membrane products
Which notable/challenging mountains can be ascended with few technical skills?
Does garlic balance your blood pressure on long walks?
Gear for Car-camping with 2 small children
Backpacking propane canister too tall and unstable
Is &quot;altitude&quot; an absolute measure of air &quot;thinness&quot;?
4x4 vs AWD off road
Onlinetool to setup a track in a map and calculate the distance
Legal permits required for trekking in Canada
Understanding/comparing via ferrata grades?
What food is good to take trekking for acid reflux?
Carrying crampons safely when not using them
What do you call a small backpack? (so I can search for it)
What clothing or gear should I wear to prevent ticks?
How many &quot;Munro&quot; revisions has there been?
How to belay on top of a pitch
Do climbers shave limbs?
What is involved in taking a canoe through a lock on a major US River?
How to fix a leak in Hydration pack?
Trekking poles making odd noise
What can be done to eliminate heel lift?
How to clean bones found outside?
How resistant to water is Tyvek in practice
Snake on chest while sleeping?
How to freeze a water container without deforming it?
What are the navigation considerations on the Monongahela and Youghiogheny Rivers between Ohiopyle State Park (PA) and Pittsburgh PA?
Preventing heat rash around ankles and shins?
Tips for camping in the territory of elephants
Online website to track A.T. section hikes and overall progress?
Is there a recommended safety standard for crampons?
Installing a hand line for scrambling?
Good places to go potholing in the UK
Where in the US can I find green mountains to hike like in Scotland, such as Dalveen Pass?
Does &quot;dive your deepest dive first&quot; still apply when using a computer?
Ski set that does both downhill and backcountry?
What kind of underwear inside union suit in winter?
How can I survive multiple days in cold environment?
Reliability of snow bollards
What is the most effective way to flee from an alligator?
Beginners guide to fossil hunting
Relative abraision resistance of Dyneema slings vs an average dynamic climbing rope
What are the measurements on this slope angle tool?
Abseiling on one rope: should I attach the prusik to the other one?
How to unlock walking poles that have not been used for a while
Donating blood at higher altitudes and Acclimatization
Shoulder season backpacking near Whistler (early June)
First ascents by Edward Whymper
How to top belay 2 climbers at the same time on multi-pitch climb?
Down feather species, which is best?
How to decide which tarp size to take?
What&#39;s a realistic distance to expect boys aged 11-17 to sea kayak in a single day?
What is the term for/manufacturer of belay devices with a clip that holds the ATC onto the carabiner?
Hiking boot fit: how snug should height of instep feel
What kind of car do I need to reach most hiking trailheads near Boulder Colorado, Rocky Mountain NP
Using a synthetic sleeping bag on/under it&#39;s limit
Hiking Zion and Bryce in mid-May - feasible?
Does a tent need special after-trip care when camping on and near ocean beaches?
Road Trip food on the cheap
Bouldering vs aid climbing vs free climbing vs free solo climbing
Are there standardized signals to communicate with aircraft?
What is a good (and affordable) sleeping bag for someone who is beginning to backpack?
Prevent athlete&#180;s foot (re)infection in barefoot shoes?
What is the difference between the different types of snowboards? (all-mountain/freestyle/freeride/etc)
In rock-climbing, how do I safely belay another climber?
What is the best material to make an outdoor shelter roof out of?
If I lose my compass, what is the easiest way to identify and follow a heading?
How do I tie a double fisherman&#39;s knot?
What should I do if my raft capsizes?
How do I tie a stopper knot?
How do I pack a mummy type sleeping bag in a M10 or M28 haversack?
How do I store a bivy sack?
Are there any year round beaches with nearby bouldering?
How can I tell if a wild bird is legally protected?
Reattaching waterproof rubber on GPS
Are the orienteering marches popular in Germany?
How much garlic in the mountain kitchen?
How much vertical distance is it possible to make in a day?
How to make two strand cord or string?
What pre/post season maintenance is recommended for a 2 cycle outboard motor?
Number of people in a boat?
Rain pants for tall people
Destination for (half-) day hike near Krak&#243;w, Poland in late autumn/early winter
How do people safely trek in polar bear country?
Outdoor activities in San Francisco when it&#39;s misty and raining?
How efficient is the Altai skis &quot;the Hok&quot;?
How to seam seal Tyvek?
What are examples of inappropriate places to hide a geocache?
How do I Plan a Hiking Trip to Rocky Mountain National Park, CO
Hiking popularity in North America vs. Europe
Fixing a Jetboil igniter
Trousers and jacket for winter walk up to 1085m (Snowdon)
Can you keep your feet warm in ski boots on a very cold day?
How long does it take to hear back about a Grand Canyon Backcountry permit application
What good factual books have you read on an outdoors topic?
SkyDive Equipment
What is scientific relation between body weight and backpack weight in mountain climbing?
Do rescue services use avalanche transceivers in the UK?
NIS mounting plate for x-country skis: why only for NNN bindings?
How to find a secluded cabin to rent
Keeping smoke level in a wigwam low
Different kinds of Down: comparing insulation
How should we split up a 3 person tent?
GPS topo map downloads
Why are there ropes on fingerboards?
How small is &quot;too small&quot; for tent guylines?
ski damaged from sticks, leaves, soil, etc?
What are the most recommended guide/maps to bring on a PCT thru-hike?
What is water resistant down and how is it made?
Can I get away with less advanced food storing methods if backpacking in areas where meeting bears is unlikely?
While backpacking, should one bring hand sanitizer, soap, or both?
What features to consider when buying a bouldering slipper?
Are sleeping bags needed in southern Spain in summer?
How to deal with little flies flying into the eyes?
How can I keep my backpack safe?
I&#39;ve found a GeoKret, what can I do with it?
Precautions needed to be taken regarding bee hives (honey) during Climbs
For fording cold rivers, is there any special clothing (as opposed to makeshift bags or tightly connected raintrousers) to stay dry and warm?
How to clean the ceramic filter of a water pump?
Recipe for baking bread/cake on the trail
I&#39;m a data geek and I want to buy a watch for running, what should I get?
Recovering from Hypothermia
Recipe for backcountry ice cream?
What is Arc&#39;Teryx Technical down?
How much more difficult is the haute route than the Annapurna trek?
Are there 1-person 4-season tents?
How to hide something at the telestation?
Non-gun hunting tools for small game
Pack for carrying a puppy
outdoor reading - are there any outdoorsy comics?
How to estimate the depth of a pool of water from a distance above?
How to deal with a rifle scope where the relief is too short?
What is the recommended wilderness first aid treatment for a scorpion sting?
A Hat or a Cap?
Can pregnant women parasail?
Rock Climbing - Beginner&#39;s Guide for Quick Improvement?
Does a cotton lined sleeping bag make sense?
During a safety stop, how do I avoid my feet floating up?
Testing waterproofness of outdoor apparel
What kinds of wood work well in a bow drill?
European Made fishing rods
How does an X chamber construction in a sleeping bag look like?
Canvas vs Nylon Tent for Car Camping
What is a &quot;stitch-and-glue&quot; kayak?
What specific features should I take into account when buying GPS device for Geocaching?
Taking only the part that I need from OSM to my Garmin
Can I camp in the backcountry outside backcountry campsites in Jasper National Park?
Where is it possible to use a hammock in the UK?
Where to buy ethanol in Canada?
Can you use a loop-to-loop going braid to mono/fluoro?
Dangers of currents for windsurfers
Kayaking - &#39;Brand&#39; ? and Plastic vs. Fiberglass?
How to dry wet shoes quickly?
What Canadian national/provincial/territorial parks permit random backcountry camping, if any?
climbing - distance between knot and harness
What temperatures can I expect in caves compared to surface?
Rules for Carrying flammable subtances in UK
How to anchor a raft on a river
What is SPF in sunscreen cream?
How to repair rubber welly boots?
Chacos: Toe strap or no toe strap?
How to fix a leak in a fibreglass kayak?
fatigue on high altitudes
Fishing in Friendship, Maine 04547
An adjustable length knot for 2 lines and a carabiner for easy suspension
GPS navigation device or app that allows entry of UTM coordinates?
Group camping - cooking equipment and eating utensils packing list
Optimal size for crayfish (crawfish) trap entry hole?
What advice would you recommend for climbing Mount Triglav, Slovenia?
How much spare strap should I leave when trimming a pack down?
Do truly all-season tents exist?
Island camping tent advice
Is there a best practices guide online for rock climbing safety?
Applications of a slip knot in climbing?
What batteries would make sense to power 12v devices (e.g. blankets, lights) for camping?
How does a route setter grade a climb?
Do Half/Twin/Double Ropes get Middle Marked?
Measuring actual distance walked on a map (Allowing for changes in height)
Bare Essentials for 2-3 day Hike
Lighting a fire using a flint and steel
What does the term &quot;Redpoint&quot; &amp; &quot;Pinkpoint&quot; mean
Is there a dose guide for Dexamethasone?
How do I find north using a watch?
Securing things to spars with a wire Cocky&#39;s Hitch
Why is it unsafe to handle metallic equipment with bare hand at higher altitude?
Combine backpack and back protection when snowboarding?
How to repair gore-tex boots split?
Tying up a tent to the sack
What to look for in an ice axe for use in classic alpine terrain?
What lighting equipment do I need for playing ultimate frisbee at night?
Belay checklist?
Create ultra light camera tripod w/ mini tripod and 3 tent poles?
What are the things I need to know when fashioning a sling?
Using the Yosemite Decimal System, how difficult is Everest?
Climbing all the Munros as a continous round
What are the navigation considerations on the Ohio River between Pittsburgh PA.&amp; Wheeling WV?
Should I grind the edge or the backbevel first when sharpening my knife?
Crossbow draw strength
What are some good guides to the U.S. national forests, specifically those in California?
How much does it cost to thru-hike the Appalachian Trail?
Benefits of tree tents over typical shelters?
Chaining locking carabiners
How to use a poncho in high winds?
What knot is this one? What are its purposes?
How steep of a slope can you skin up in AT gear?
Minimum safe rappel rope diameters?
Can bears smell food inside dry sacks?
Stove/fuel setup for harsh conditions
Where in the north of the UK are locations with good and easy to locate fossils?
NNN (front clip) vs. telemark style bindings for backcountry XC skis
water knot vs figure 8 follow through vs X for rock climbing anchor - What is easiest to untie?
Why train at less than max intensity? Especially if not training often
How to calculate the force (kN) generated by a falling climber onto their protection?
How to avoid cracking your windshield while strapping down a kayak
What&#39;s faster on packed, gradual terrain; skinning or booting up with skis on back?
Memory foam mattress topper for camping?
Camping with a tarp, what are risks about animals?
Can fire starting liquid be used in a kerosene lamp?
How do you survive getting towed under a log jam?
How to put on footwraps correctly?
What is the most effective method to clean skin exposed to poison oak?
Best sun protection for swimming
How can I minimize the risk of tree wells when backcountry skiing?
What is the difference between Class III, Class IV, and Class V rapids?
What are the different materials for ski climbing skins and advantages to each?
Crew requirements for sailing a ketch
Wind surf sports optimal conditions
Is there a way to reduce mosquito bites from swelling
What is the most important survival tool I should have when in the wilderness?
Sky map for tropics
Are there performance differences between lead and lead-free ammunition?
How can I relieve knee muscle contractions?
Books to inspire you to get out in nature
Is cougar hunting legal?
Exercises to prepare you for high altitude sickness
What types of kayaks are suitable for occasional class 1 and 2 rapids
What can I do I to loosen up my outboard steering?
What&#39;s the best climbing website?
Performance of fur garments?
finger grip improvement exercisers
Things to consider when choosing a sailing club
Where can I get Tyvek maps?
Adequate Shoes for Travel
Would it be acceptable to plant OC&#39;s mobile cache into GC&#39;s caches?
what are the criteria that should be taken in consideration when buying a PLB?
Long distance hiking trail markings in North America or parts thereof
Rifugio (Mountain Hut) trek in Austria
What&#39;s the best protection for my knees while bouldering?
What&#39;s the name of the old cross country ski boots with three holes at the front?
Are folding poles suitable for cross-country skiing?
Do cross-country skis need to be broken-in?
How do you get the right shape on trim-to-fit insoles?
Facility to test cold weather gear in London UK
Trekking Pole vs Nordic Walking Pole
Which type of power boat do I need for overnight trips?
End of Winter/Spring Camping
A removeable solution for slipping insoles?
Dealing with wildlife in the desert of California/Nevada in general and in the White Mountains in particular
PLB or satphone rental in the USA?
5-hour loop hike near Boulder, Colorado
Two to four day backpacking trip in Washington State for May
How do I properly use the cinch-straps that came with my daypack?
old windfinder forecast googlemap
what to do with the lap coiled rope if the belayer wishes to lead consecutive pitches
Memorial Day Backpacking in the Northwest
New to fishing in Virginia
Is it possible to do the whole turn of the Mont Blanc (TMB) by bike?
Identifying named peaks from the summit of a north-american peak
Is the lookout safe?
What style of camelback hydrating systems exist out there?
How do I know that I need to add an insole to my shoe?
How many calories (aprox.) do we lose when washing in (very) cold water?
Where to carry a folding knife when hiking?
Geocaching or alternative game/activity to learn the basics of GPS navigation in terrain
Hardening the skin on the whole body (not only soles)
PLB, SPOT, and similar services; is there any relevant difference in reliability?
Camping Meal Ideas
Is emergency overnighting using hammock/canvas tent considered wild camping (Europe/Germany)?
Improvising Heavy Rain Protection for a Backpack
Backpacking in southern NY or PA
Fly fishing rig knots
What is the longest time you can go, eating only freeze-dried food?
How to ignite coal on grill device without using kindling?
Which layer should have a hood (for rainy conditions)?
Tie in to harness, top to bottom or bottom to top
When should pregnant women avoid buckling a backpack&#39;s waist straps?
What&#39;s the fastest and easiest way to replace an in-boom outhaul?
How do I prevent soreness due to friction when swimming?
Scafell Pike ascent
How does cam strength change with the retraction angle?
Where can you find an online elevation profile of Tahoe Rim Trail?
Getting Alpine Touring (a.k.a Randonee) boots for big feet
I am looking for a two way radio/device with constant contact
Pike fishing equipment &amp; rigging
Would a scope from an air gun work on a &quot;real&quot; gun?
What are the relative advantages of .308 and .30-06
Trekking solo in South Africa
Sleeping pad inside or outside bivy bag?
How to rappel on an over-hanging cliff?
Do higher shoes breathe less?
Where should a band be tied to stop bleeding from wound?
Can Primaloft One be Layered?
What should I do about a reviewer who leaks final coordinates?
Effective measures to minimize the damage due to Snow-blindness?
How can I tell when water is contaminated with industrial chemicals without any special equipment?
Affordable South Korea topographic or hiking maps, in particular for the Jeju Olle trail
Good quality walking maps for Spain
Is it possible to check the safety of a used climbing rope?
Climbing through the cracks
What is a good knot to tie a short loop around a bracelet?
Where can I hunt wild boars for free in Southeast Texas?
How safe is it to travel from Kathmandu to Lukla without Flying the distance?
Climbing guide for the Yorkshire Dales
What free/open source maps can I put on my Garmin etrex vista HCX for walking in southern spain?
Where is a good place in California to go gold panning for a beginner?
Stability and ergonomics of Garmin Etrex 20
When (if ever) do backcountry campsites in the major Canadian national parks in the Rocky Mountains grow quiet?
How to deal with aggressive homeless when exploring urbex?
In Canada, does a frontcountry campground kitchen shelter typically include a freezer?
How long is the battery life of a GPS tracker, when used to detect motion only?
Anti-theft tracking device: how to configure it to deal with the battery?
Backpacking and primitive camping near Chicago?
How to do maintenance for a trekking backpack?
Warmest and lightest solution for torso
Does water in the sun get purified from or polluted by algae, fungi and bacteria?
What is a tour book used for?
Effective training for rock climbing
Seeking photographs of &quot;climber&#39;s hunch&quot;
Two day hike recommendations in New England area
Affordable Festival Tent
Why did the handle come off my spinner rod?
How can I maximise my chances of seeing a wild wombat?
Tent Fly Coloured Reflective Tape
Do alpine boots hurt when walking (not climbing)?
What to look for in an insole?
Major fall, same for static and dynamic?
How much is a major load?
Where can I find public water tap for cleaning/bathing in the Netherlands?
Walking stick or Pole
Water filter that handles mercury?
What fictitious wilderness animals are there as tourist attractions?
Methods for taping injured wrists
Will using kick-wax on my alpine touring skis ruin the bases?
How much would a base camp shower cost in the Himalayas?
Why some sleeping bags have four temperature ratings while others have only one?
Groups: What are proper occasions for a large, shared hole for waste?
Good material for gloves
Are camping washing machines actually effective?
Winter Slackline solutions
Gear storage: what gear that can be safely stocked outside?
What considerations are required for making a hiking ascent of Mount Othrys, Greece
What are the primary considerations when trekking across the Olympic National Park, Greece including a summit of Mount Olympus?
Walking from Macugnaga to Saas-Fee
Can anybody recommend a good mid-week winter mountaineering course or a good mountain guide in the Lake District, UK?
1000 names for snow
Waxing cross-country skis
Why don&#39;t XC skis have edges?
What size dry bag is best for keeping and washing clothes?
Bag technique for washing clothes while backpacking?
Extra strong sunglasses for sensitive eyes
Ice axe and crampon post winter cleaning/preparation
Which camp fuel type is the easiest on your stove?
How to tandem rappel/abseil with a child?
Guidelines for safe use of ATC Nano?
Cleaning the sipper pipe of a hydration pack
Continue a hike when legs start cramping
What is the difference between camber and rocker shaped snowboards?
What essentials should you bring with you on a day hike?
Need Help Choosing A Surf Board
City tickets as exchange objects?
Additional boating rules in addition to COLREGS?
Should I register caches when I know in longer perspective I will move?
Art supplies on backpacking trips
Boot tongue orientation?
What areas in the south-western US are the wildest?
reliability and performance of NIS mounting plates (x-country skis)
Is there a problem on using each boot manufactured on a different period?
What are the key sites to see on a short trip through Oregon?
Caveats of dual (propane, liquid) fuel stoves
Rapid backpack readying
Should I re-wax downhill skis after using skins?
Thermal rating on vintage sleeping bags
Comfy inflatable pillows for car camping
How to prevent bear bag line from tangling?
How do I find a less crowded trail in the southeast on the 4th?
What are the properties I should look for in running shoes?
Pink Winter Sleeping Bags
Is it safe to drink hot water? How hot can it be?
Will using a sleeping bag stop the body from adapting to cold?
Clarification need on layering principle for head in wet/rainy conditions
Assault II vs Hunter Pro
Bootstrapping for outdoors
What are the suitable choices of crampons for Scarpa Charmoz GTX Women boots?
Learning to find north using moon phases
An x-hour hike. Is that to the peak/summit or back and forth?
Venomous/Semi-Venoumous Snakes at Higher Altitudes
How to put trekking poles in back pack?
Thermal insulation of truck cap
Should I expect reptiles in Southwest USA deserts in winter?
Minimal northwest mountain camping with emerg. bivvy and tarp?
What fall factor will cause me to hit the deck with a typical dynamic rope?
Trekking solo in Western Ghats, India
True fish attractants?
What is the strength of an ATC belay device when used in a multi-pitch climb setup?
How do I tie a figure of 8 knot
Making my own Vapor Barrier Liner for a mummy sleeping bag
What mountain is it?
Factors to be considered and prepared in case of unavoidable bivouac
Belly flopping top outs
Taking and using bearings
Consequences of crossing rails when looking for caches?
Make UPS-like cache searchable in winter
Trekking maps of Svanetia available abroad?
Potability measure of water on Volcanic Mountains
Food nutrition for week long hike
What scientific evidence is there about the causes and prevention of running injuries?
What kind of features should I look for on a good trekking backpack?
What options are available for hunting feral boar on Hawaii?
Rappelling with an injured arm
Gloves for alpine tours in summer
Back-up wood and alcohol stove
What routes in the Canadian Rockies have minimum group sizes (and where can I find about those)?
Why is a &quot;Czech bed roll&quot; called this? History, uses?
Could burning Jagera (Foambark) create an allergic reaction?
License for international hunters in Canada
Add more external space to my ACT Trail 32
Does windsurfing experience help me to learn kitesurfing?
Are there any phobia-friendly ways to deal with flies?
What spider is it? Dangerous or not?
Reliable supplier of Ultrafire batteries
A fishing pole for lake and ocean fishing
What is the most energy efficient way to get food in the wilderness(Central Sweden)?
Can a nylon tent flysheet which is delaminating be repaired?
How to get a top-mount cooking burner for 20 lb propane tank?
catching smallmouth/striped bass?
How do permits for US/Canada public land work?
B2 alpine boot brands
Shortening a shoulder-length sling to half-length?
What are some emergency water purification methods?
How to understand contour map and plan a possible trekking route using one such contour map?
Struggling with Muscle cramps when in water
What are common rock-climbing footwork mistakes and how I can spot them?
Scat Identification in Southern NH
How much should my toes hurt in 5.10 MoccAsym shoes?
Is a Canoe Bike a viable mode of human powered amphibious transportation?
Wear a Shirt(and sunscreen) or (just) Sunscreen
What are the navigation considerations on the Ohio River between Wheeling WV and Parkersburg WV?
Is it ok to bleed a fish in muddy water
Are portable solar panels useful on pack trips?
What are the navigation considerations on the Youghiogheny &amp; Potomac Rivers between Ohiopyle (PA) and Cumberland, MD
What are the rules to grade sport climbing single pitch routes?
B2 boots for narrow feet
Beginner or intermediate skis for a first pair to buy?
How do I know when my snowboard edges need to be serviced?
Which wildlife is it legal to hunt in the UK?
Site with statistics of mountaineering accidents
Tree skiing/riding in Colorado
Are zipper covers crucial?
What glue will stick ripstop polymide / nylon fabric together - e.g. patch on hole?
Hiking half dome - What are the most efficient logistics for getting a campsite in little Yosemite?
How to lock a trucker&#39;s hitch without losing any tension?
Avoiding leaks from stove and fuel bottles?
Lowering a climber from above using a belay device in autolocking mode
How do you build a campfire that leaves no trace?
Red River Gorge Summer
Backpacking in Iceland (March 2016)
How do I prevent blisters in ski boots?
Good &quot;real&quot; fridge for car camping
Liners and Travel sheets
What&#39;s the mountain on North Face&#39;s ad?
How similar are Ecoque grills to Pyromid grills?
Sunblock for clothing-optional camping
How to make a fire in the wild, without burning the ground?
Which one is scientifically better for carrying water during an expedition: A hard fiber bottle or an Aluminium Bottle?
How to tell when a muzzleloader nipple needs to be replaced?
What does it need to maintain clothes including membranes
What should I do with possible frostbite: Swollen feet after putting them in warm water
Shall I buy a Large size shell if I am wearing Medium size Down Jacket?
Small fitting outerwear
What is a place in the U.S.A that is between 40-60 degrees year round and doesn&#39;t get a ton of rain?
FiveFingers Spyridon for Climbing?
Use of gore-tex for a DIY Double-layer hammock
Campervans - larger vs smaller
Tent for High Altitude Trekking
unbreathable single wall tent with gutters
What is the difference in terms of application of a rucksack with greater than 50L capacity?
Hiking boot help
Considerations for buying windsurfing boards?
Why do flies try to get in my eyes all the time?
Rod characteristic for spinning for small freshwater fish
Good canyon (or canyoning) websites
How much heat is lost though your head?
What is the name of this knot for tying into a &quot;confidence&quot; rope?
Places to Find Rock Climbing Ball Holds
Are surface plugs effective for fishing in choppy water?
Trail gun for protection against bears
What could be a long and scenic two days backcountry ski tour in Switzerland, bivying on the snow?
What is a good substitute for water purification tablets
Should the cloth part of ski gloves be treated before use?
What is the difference between packable down jackets?
Is it warmer to sleep naked in a sleeping bag?
What is the most efficient food to take a for a 12-15 day hiking trip?
Which will keep my food colder longer, draining the melted ice water, or leaving it in the cooler?
What are essential items in an emergency kit?
What are good knots to know for camping and backpacking?
Where in Europe is wild camping permitted?
How long does water need to be boiled for to kill all bacteria / viruses?
How should I remove a tick?
Is drinking urine safe?
Is it better to wear one pair or two pairs of socks while hiking?
What is the safest way to purify water?
Should you pop a blister?
Commuting by canoe
How can I tell if I am dehydrated or have low electrolytes (need salt, etc.)?
Does cotton really kill?
How can you navigate without a compass or GPS
What is the best way to store my sleeping bag for long periods of time?
Does eating snow help dehydration?
Backpacking or hiking in areas open to hunting
Can I eat rotten meat and carcass providing enough cooking?
How to carry water in freezing temperatures?
How to avoid exploding rocks
How to deal with condensation in a tent?
If I&#39;m caught in lightning above tree-line, what should I do?
What are the downsides to sleeping in a hammock on a multi-day hike?
Practicality of Beards
A list of suitable foods for a long hike
How do I wash Gore-Tex clothing?
How can I identify edible berries/fruit from poisonous?
Is it possible to rappel with only a rope? (No harness, Prusik cord, or other gear)
What hand and finger exercises help with climbing?
Can I use a bicycle helmet as a climbing helmet?
Pitching a tent in the rain?
What are some good tips and techniques for packing a backpack?
If I have to cross an icy, flowing river, what are some ways I can cross safely?
How to harden feet to avoid blisters on long hikes
The outdoors, solitude and dealing with loneliness
FiveFingers or hiking boots?
How does one dry clothes in humid weather?
How are sleeping bag temperature ratings determined?
Is it dangerous to sleep in a tent alone in a forest in -20?
Is burying human waste always the lowest-impact solution?
Do iodine water treatment tablets have negative effects?
What are the advantages and disadvantages between gas, liquid and solid fuel?
Do bear-safe rules still apply in the winter?
Wood versus plastic trail signs?
What precautions should I take to protect myself and my camp from bears?
What are areas of the body which lose heat more quickly, and how can I reduce that loss?
How to Clean Rock-Climbing Shoes
Are dark or bright clothings preferable in the desert?
What is the fastest method to &#39;break in&#39; full leather boots?
How much water should be carried while hiking  in the desert?
Does hiking with a dog in bear country increase or decrease your risk of a bear encounter?
Why do shin splints happen?
What clothing would be appropriate for hiking in -18&#176;C with up to 30 km/hr wind?
Driving tent pegs into rocky ground
What&#39;s the difference between a 2, 3, 4, and 5 season tent?
What makes certain mountains more dangerous than others?
How do I treat hot spots and blisters when I have no moleskin?
Do polarized sunglasses protect against snow blindess?
What are the different methods to purify water?
How can I stay warm in subzero weather?
How can I acclimatize to cold?
What equipment do I need as a beginner outdoor rock climber?
What essential items should go in a small first aid kit?
Wild camping in subsaharan Africa - madness, blasphemy, or bearable?
How do you determine how long a hike will take?
Tent and sleeping bag: pack inside or strap outside a backpack?
How to warm up your cold toes and fingers?
Numbers on down jackets
What&#39;s the best way to dispose of a body in the backcountry?
Climbing rope is rated to X UIAA falls. What is a UIAA fall?
How to keep water cold in hot weather?
What is the best way to cross streams while backpacking?
What is the point of hiking boots, versus any comfortable walking shoes?
Keeping warm in an emergency
How can you navigate / determine your location in thick fog?
How can I start a fire by rubbing two sticks together?
Best/safest wood to carve a spoon from?
What are the rules for eating raw, wild meat?
What pattern for casual planes should a castaway create on a desert island?
What are some toilet paper alternatives you could use in the woods?
How bad do circumstances need to be before activating a PLB?
Barefoot Backpacking: Liquid Boots?
How to cheaply introduce someone to backpacking
Handling feminine hygiene on multiple-month treks?
What are some ways/devices that I can use to charge my batteries in the wilderness?
Which careers allow working in the wild on a daily basis?
How to stay clean on a multi-day hike?
Chalk: pure, plus drying agent, liquid?
How can I hike across the Grand Canyon if I don&#39;t have a backcountry permit?
Putting in contact lenses when outdoors
Do I need to worry about feral dogs or even wolves if I camp in random areas while hitchhiking in Georgia (the country)?
Cheese and eggs on backpacking trips
Sleeping with two people in one hammock
How to create campfire which will burn overnight?
What do you risk when you ignore blisters and carry on walking?
How should a climbing rope be stored?
Climbing Kilimanjaro for a newbie
What are the advantages of short climbers?
How can I be absolutely sure my fire is safely extinguished?
Is digging a &quot;cold hole&quot; really effective when sheltering in a snowed area?
What to look for in a durable, 3-season sleeping bag?
As an experienced backpacker in the Eastern US, what should I know before hiking in the Western US?
What equipment is recommended when camping with a baby?
Is there a definitive list of the tallest mountains in the world that require little or no mountaineering experience?
How to tell the time at night
How to calculate backpacking food requirements for a dog
What does it mean to cross load a carabiner?
Surviving a forest fire by starting another fire
Is it possible to sunburn through clothing?
How to clean a sleeping bag ?
Tree Identification
Ideal and Minimal Rope Diameter for Lead Climbing
What is this knee pain when going downhill?
Any tips to reduce chance that I have to get up and pee in the night (not counting dehydration, of course)
Are trekking poles proven to be helpful?
Tent placement?
What foods can you cook by directly placing them into a fire?
What foods are unsafe to cook over an open fire?
Can you boil an egg in dirty water?
Are mittens warmer than gloves?
Where in the Alps is it safe to drink the water without filtering?
What can I do to prevent altitude sickness?
What is the difference between external and internal-frame packs?
When buying a backpack, what should I pay attention to?
What do I need to look for in good, quality hiking boots?
Can/Should I cook in my tent?
How do I avoid leeches?
What should I do when I&#39;m lost?
How to deal with wet feet?
Do I need any technical skills to climb Kilimanjaro?
What do you do if you see a cougar?
Synthetic vs Down sleeping bags?
Raw meat on hikes
Are Ice grips worth buying
What everyday tasks can be adapted in a way that helps build muscles and technique for bouldering?
What are some things to keep in mind when stealth camping?
Why tunnel tents for the poles, Geodesic for the mountains?
Are carabiners useful tools to have in the wilderness? If so, what would they be used for?
Selecting backpacking cooking pot – teflon, aluminum, steel, titanium, or cast iron?
How can you prevent kids getting lost at night while camping?
Things to consider when buying sunglasses
Good books to learn survival?
Things to keep away from climbing ropes
When do I need a permit to go into nature?
Why don&#39;t we apply the principles of layering when it comes to pants?
What are the dangers of swimming in natural waters?
Dealing with rashes between thighs and around the groin
How can I take duct tape with me backpacking?
Can I sail a raft on a European river with commercial traffic?
What&#39;s the difference between white gas, propane, kerosene, and gasoline?
Washing clothes on long hikes
How should I check climbing equipment to tell whether it is still safe to use?
If I cross paths with a bear, what should I do?
What&#39;s the UPF of a T-Shirt or jeans?
Am I likely to need multiple pairs of boots on the Appalachian Trail?
Is it safe to camp in the desert without a tent?
How can I prevent my sun glasses from fogging up when skiing?
Cascades mountaineering school
The best solution for carrying a D-SLR when hiking
Why go without socks with climbing shoes?
What can I do to keep my hands warm while using touchscreens in the winter?
Is it ever safe to let a hypothermic person sleep?
What can I do with a retired rope and harness?
Washing dishes with seawater or freshwater?
Micro-Fractures in Climbing Equipments
Do you need to purify all mountain water sources
What are common climbing techniques for strongly overhanging walls and roofs?
How to clean vomit from camping gear?
How To Quickly Warm A Tent
When is it not OK to leave feces behind?
Hiking boots vs trail shoes
What can I do to help relieve joint pain in fingers after climbing?
How do you properly dispose of human waste while snow camping?
If lost in the wilderness, what is the first thing I should do?
What kind of canteen material will have the least effect on the taste of water?
First time camping, need advice
What is the proper tension for a tent line
What happens to cams after climbing?
Which knot for climbing: figure eight, yosemite bowline, bowline on a bight?
Dealing with very cold climate (clothing)
A little bit of acclimatisation or no acclimatisation at all?
How to minimise erosion damage to footpaths when walking?
What should be carried in a standard Geocaching bag?
How to inspect climbing bolts?
Buying a Backpacking Knife
Which wood sources produce toxic smoke?
Apart from down, is there any outdoor material that should not be stored stuffed?
What do you do if the fire does get &quot;out of control&quot;?
Should I be worried about bears when sleeping in a hammock?
How can I tell if a natural snow-bridge is safe to cross?
How safe is it to hike alone?
How can I boost morale on long backpacking trips?
Painful leather hiking boots - persevere or give up?
Learning to fall when leading: what is good fall technique?
Can groundwater still be consumed if after boiling the water turns brown with an oily substance floating on top?
Camping with a dog for the first time
What hazardous wildlife is there in the UK?
What are some effective ways to deal with sand when camping on or near the beach?
Is it warmer to sleep naked in a sleeping bag?
What is the most efficient food to take a for a 12-15 day hiking trip?
Which will keep my food colder longer, draining the melted ice water, or leaving it in the cooler?
What are essential items in an emergency kit?
What are good knots to know for camping and backpacking?
Where in Europe is wild camping permitted?
How long does water need to be boiled for to kill all bacteria / viruses?
How should I remove a tick?
Is drinking urine safe?
Is it better to wear one pair or two pairs of socks while hiking?
What is the safest way to purify water?
Should you pop a blister?
Commuting by canoe
How can I tell if I am dehydrated or have low electrolytes (need salt, etc.)?
Does cotton really kill?
How can you navigate without a compass or GPS
What is the best way to store my sleeping bag for long periods of time?
Does eating snow help dehydration?
Backpacking or hiking in areas open to hunting
Can I eat rotten meat and carcass providing enough cooking?
How to carry water in freezing temperatures?
How to avoid exploding rocks
How to deal with condensation in a tent?
If I&#39;m caught in lightning above tree-line, what should I do?
What are the downsides to sleeping in a hammock on a multi-day hike?
Practicality of Beards
A list of suitable foods for a long hike
How do I wash Gore-Tex clothing?
How can I identify edible berries/fruit from poisonous?
Is it possible to rappel with only a rope? (No harness, Prusik cord, or other gear)
What hand and finger exercises help with climbing?
Can I use a bicycle helmet as a climbing helmet?
Pitching a tent in the rain?
What are some good tips and techniques for packing a backpack?
If I have to cross an icy, flowing river, what are some ways I can cross safely?
How to harden feet to avoid blisters on long hikes
The outdoors, solitude and dealing with loneliness
FiveFingers or hiking boots?
How does one dry clothes in humid weather?
How are sleeping bag temperature ratings determined?
Is it dangerous to sleep in a tent alone in a forest in -20?
Is burying human waste always the lowest-impact solution?
Do iodine water treatment tablets have negative effects?
What are the advantages and disadvantages between gas, liquid and solid fuel?
Do bear-safe rules still apply in the winter?
Wood versus plastic trail signs?
What precautions should I take to protect myself and my camp from bears?
What are areas of the body which lose heat more quickly, and how can I reduce that loss?
How to Clean Rock-Climbing Shoes
Are dark or bright clothings preferable in the desert?
What is the fastest method to &#39;break in&#39; full leather boots?
How much water should be carried while hiking  in the desert?
Does hiking with a dog in bear country increase or decrease your risk of a bear encounter?
Why do shin splints happen?
What clothing would be appropriate for hiking in -18&#176;C with up to 30 km/hr wind?
Driving tent pegs into rocky ground
What&#39;s the difference between a 2, 3, 4, and 5 season tent?
What makes certain mountains more dangerous than others?
How do I treat hot spots and blisters when I have no moleskin?
Do polarized sunglasses protect against snow blindess?
What are the different methods to purify water?
How can I stay warm in subzero weather?
How can I acclimatize to cold?
What equipment do I need as a beginner outdoor rock climber?
What essential items should go in a small first aid kit?
Wild camping in subsaharan Africa - madness, blasphemy, or bearable?
How do you determine how long a hike will take?
Tent and sleeping bag: pack inside or strap outside a backpack?
How to warm up your cold toes and fingers?
Numbers on down jackets
What&#39;s the best way to dispose of a body in the backcountry?
Climbing rope is rated to X UIAA falls. What is a UIAA fall?
How to keep water cold in hot weather?
What is the best way to cross streams while backpacking?
What is the point of hiking boots, versus any comfortable walking shoes?
Keeping warm in an emergency
How can you navigate / determine your location in thick fog?
How can I start a fire by rubbing two sticks together?
Best/safest wood to carve a spoon from?
What are the rules for eating raw, wild meat?
What pattern for casual planes should a castaway create on a desert island?
What are some toilet paper alternatives you could use in the woods?
How bad do circumstances need to be before activating a PLB?
Barefoot Backpacking: Liquid Boots?
How to cheaply introduce someone to backpacking
Handling feminine hygiene on multiple-month treks?
What are some ways/devices that I can use to charge my batteries in the wilderness?
Which careers allow working in the wild on a daily basis?
How to stay clean on a multi-day hike?
Chalk: pure, plus drying agent, liquid?
How can I hike across the Grand Canyon if I don&#39;t have a backcountry permit?
Putting in contact lenses when outdoors
Do I need to worry about feral dogs or even wolves if I camp in random areas while hitchhiking in Georgia (the country)?
Cheese and eggs on backpacking trips
Sleeping with two people in one hammock
How to create campfire which will burn overnight?
What do you risk when you ignore blisters and carry on walking?
How should a climbing rope be stored?
Climbing Kilimanjaro for a newbie
What are the advantages of short climbers?
How can I be absolutely sure my fire is safely extinguished?
Is digging a &quot;cold hole&quot; really effective when sheltering in a snowed area?
What to look for in a durable, 3-season sleeping bag?
As an experienced backpacker in the Eastern US, what should I know before hiking in the Western US?
What equipment is recommended when camping with a baby?
Is there a definitive list of the tallest mountains in the world that require little or no mountaineering experience?
How to tell the time at night
How to calculate backpacking food requirements for a dog
What does it mean to cross load a carabiner?
Surviving a forest fire by starting another fire
Is it possible to sunburn through clothing?
How to clean a sleeping bag ?
Tree Identification
Ideal and Minimal Rope Diameter for Lead Climbing
What is this knee pain when going downhill?
Any tips to reduce chance that I have to get up and pee in the night (not counting dehydration, of course)
Are trekking poles proven to be helpful?
Tent placement?
What foods can you cook by directly placing them into a fire?
What foods are unsafe to cook over an open fire?
Can you boil an egg in dirty water?
Are mittens warmer than gloves?
Where in the Alps is it safe to drink the water without filtering?
What can I do to prevent altitude sickness?
What is the difference between external and internal-frame packs?
When buying a backpack, what should I pay attention to?
What do I need to look for in good, quality hiking boots?
Can/Should I cook in my tent?
How do I avoid leeches?
What should I do when I&#39;m lost?
How to deal with wet feet?
Do I need any technical skills to climb Kilimanjaro?
What do you do if you see a cougar?
Synthetic vs Down sleeping bags?
Raw meat on hikes
Are Ice grips worth buying
What everyday tasks can be adapted in a way that helps build muscles and technique for bouldering?
What are some things to keep in mind when stealth camping?
Why tunnel tents for the poles, Geodesic for the mountains?
Are carabiners useful tools to have in the wilderness? If so, what would they be used for?
Selecting backpacking cooking pot – teflon, aluminum, steel, titanium, or cast iron?
How can you prevent kids getting lost at night while camping?
Things to consider when buying sunglasses
Good books to learn survival?
Things to keep away from climbing ropes
When do I need a permit to go into nature?
Why don&#39;t we apply the principles of layering when it comes to pants?
What are the dangers of swimming in natural waters?
Dealing with rashes between thighs and around the groin
How can I take duct tape with me backpacking?
Can I sail a raft on a European river with commercial traffic?
What&#39;s the difference between white gas, propane, kerosene, and gasoline?
Washing clothes on long hikes
How should I check climbing equipment to tell whether it is still safe to use?
If I cross paths with a bear, what should I do?
What&#39;s the UPF of a T-Shirt or jeans?
Am I likely to need multiple pairs of boots on the Appalachian Trail?
Is it safe to camp in the desert without a tent?
How can I prevent my sun glasses from fogging up when skiing?
Cascades mountaineering school
The best solution for carrying a D-SLR when hiking
Why go without socks with climbing shoes?
What can I do to keep my hands warm while using touchscreens in the winter?
Is it ever safe to let a hypothermic person sleep?
What can I do with a retired rope and harness?
Washing dishes with seawater or freshwater?
Micro-Fractures in Climbing Equipments
Do you need to purify all mountain water sources
What are common climbing techniques for strongly overhanging walls and roofs?
How to clean vomit from camping gear?
How To Quickly Warm A Tent
When is it not OK to leave feces behind?
Hiking boots vs trail shoes
What can I do to help relieve joint pain in fingers after climbing?
How do you properly dispose of human waste while snow camping?
If lost in the wilderness, what is the first thing I should do?
What kind of canteen material will have the least effect on the taste of water?
First time camping, need advice
What is the proper tension for a tent line
What happens to cams after climbing?
Which knot for climbing: figure eight, yosemite bowline, bowline on a bight?
Dealing with very cold climate (clothing)
A little bit of acclimatisation or no acclimatisation at all?
How to minimise erosion damage to footpaths when walking?
What should be carried in a standard Geocaching bag?
How to inspect climbing bolts?
Buying a Backpacking Knife
Which wood sources produce toxic smoke?
Apart from down, is there any outdoor material that should not be stored stuffed?
What do you do if the fire does get &quot;out of control&quot;?
Should I be worried about bears when sleeping in a hammock?
How can I tell if a natural snow-bridge is safe to cross?
How safe is it to hike alone?
How can I boost morale on long backpacking trips?
Painful leather hiking boots - persevere or give up?
Learning to fall when leading: what is good fall technique?
Can groundwater still be consumed if after boiling the water turns brown with an oily substance floating on top?
Camping with a dog for the first time
What hazardous wildlife is there in the UK?
What are some effective ways to deal with sand when camping on or near the beach?
What formation to best survive a flood?
What is the first thing to do, when buried in an avalanche?
How to check if a fence or cable has electricity without having special tools?
Is it a bad idea to dry clothes by the fire?
If you are buried in an avalanche will you survive?
If the Dawn Wall&#39;s been climbed before why is the current attempt so difficult?
How do I know what size ice axe I should get?
How should I treat poison ivy?
What do I do to prevent and treat frostbite?
How do I take care of Gore-Tex boots?
Are there beaches on the East Coast (US) where one can camp without a permit?
What can I do about those obnoxious biting flies?
Which stove fuel has best weight to bulk to heat ratio?
Which side of an emergency blanket should I use?
Will a tent provide some protection from bears?
When sailing, how do I rescue a man overboard?
Plastic or fiberglass for a kayak?
How do you prevent mold in CamelBak hydration bladders?
How should you wash clothes after exposure to poison oak/ivy/sumac?
Where are good places to look for water sources when I have run out on a multi-day hike?
Where can I find help identifying an owl by its call?
What are the key features to look for in mobile device apps for hiking/camping?
How much gear will the AT eat?
Do CO2-based mosquito traps work?
Taking care of hiking backpack
What is the ultimate car camping bed solution -- for two people?
How harmful is the rising/setting sun?
Wax paper as a fire starter
Is backcountry hiking in northwestern Russia safe?
Am I allowed to swim in the Austrian Alps lakes?
How to properly lace hiking boots?
Is my tent pole a lightning rod?
Will Iodine Tablets Ruin My CamelBak?
What shoes keep me warm in the cold?
How to minimize sea sickness?
Is it safe to use denatured alcohol as an antiseptic?
How can I make a snow shoe in the wilderness from commonly available materials and simple tools?
Rappelling in the Rain
Proper technique for self-arrest with an ice axe, when wearing crampons
What kind of mementos, if any, am I allowed to collect from State and National parks in small quantities?
What is considered a water source, and why is it recommended to camp so far from them?
What foods should I avoid when backpacking?
Please Explain Rock Climbing Grades
Does packing boots with newspaper make them dry faster?
Walking up the slopes. To walk brisk or to walk slow?
Why did my new sleeping bag come with 2 bags - one large and one stuff sack?
Is it safe to cut a climbing rope in half?
Activities at the campsite
Knot to turn cord into loop (load bearing)
Permanent Camping Cooler - No Ice Needed
Survival type activies for Scout camp
When should you carry a firearm when hiking/trekking?
Why are indoor climbing grades easier?
What is the best mountaineering quote that you have ever read?
My head torch/lamp has a red mode, why?
What steps should I take if someone starts sinking?
Can any waterborne pathogens survive boiling?
What is the difference between men&#39;s and women&#39;s hiking boots?
What should you do if you see a rattle snake?
What is the best way to store my tent?
What are some proven methods of training for week long backpacking trips in high altitude?
How do you remove mold from a tent?
How long is too long to suffer from constipation in the back country?
What to look for in a quality tarp?
Looking for a Topographical map resource?
What do I need to be aware of if I&#39;m considering purchasing a Personal Locator Beacon (PLB)?
What are the vitamin considerations for extended backpacking
Are there any low sodium freeze dried meals?
Good resources for information about hiking trails near Boston
What makes a good head lamp?
Kilimanjaro expedition - trousers - softshell vs. gore-tex
How can I keep my iPhone going on a multiday hike?
Does any tent manufacturer promise to have replacement parts?
Is it legal to light bonfires on UK beaches?
What are some good games to play with children on hikes?
What practical issues do I need to be aware of when hiking or camping on my own?
What to look for when purchasing a fixed blade knife
Pros and Cons of paracord
Formula for rough amount of water to carry on hike?
Long or short sleeves on a hike in the Desert?
Using a Girth Hitch in Alpine Draws
Where can I find an iodine crystal water purification product?
Is there simple guidance on sunburn risk associated with altitude?
How to estimate distance in sea
Are fires in natural caves/overhangs safe?
Should I worry about moisture in my inflatable sleeping pad?
What is a good tool for minor trail maintenance while hiking?
Is it safe to drink out of a rusty thermos?
What is a good material to patch holes in backpack?
How to carry dslr camera when rock-climbing
What temperature to prepare for on Everest base camp trek?
Sailing with a child
Light-weight emergency overnight-gear
How to apply duct tapes and mole skin to prevent blisters?
What can I use an old tent for?
To stuff or not to stuff (the rain-fly of a tent)
How safe is sleeping in bear country?
Are headaches a bad sign at altitude?
Is it realistic to teach yourself rock climbing?
How to dry Gore-Tex boots in the field
How to preserve cheese while backpacking?
Is saltwater antiseptic?
How should a climbing rope be cleaned?
Is it safe to be in a vehicle during lightning/thunderstorms?
Making a Make-Shift harness from Tape-Slings
How do you flavour your water on camping trips?
How to safely mark a rope
What to do if a team member falls sick?
How to overcome fear of falling in lead climbing
Measuring a dangerous snow slope
Ice skating on a frozen lake -- how thick should the ice be?
What are the critical dimensions to a safe bear-bag?
What are the most effective ways to start a fire in the cold?
Bear bags vs Bear canisters: which is better?
What should I look for if I want to buy a winter-proofed tent?
I found a Deer Tick on my friend and removed it, what should I do now?
Is a varied diet necessary while backpacking?
What would be a safe ascent rate when mountaineering?
How do I inspect a climbing rope?
What is the difference between single and double wall tents?
Techniques for building a raft from wood
What things should I look for when buying a compass?
Is it practical to get a satellite phone for communication from remote areas?
Are there any specific guidelines for edible plants in North America?
How do you make a snow shelter?
Is bear spray effective against other animals?
How to make a signal fire that can be seen miles away
What are some natural glues found in nature?
Can you eat pine needles in an emergency?
How to get started skiing?
What is a buff?
Best way to illuminate a tent?
How can I tell what time it is without a watch?
What type of knife should I carry while rock climbing?
How do you determine worm color for Large Mouth Bass
How often should I wax skis?
Falling into an ice cold body of water
Mountaineering / glacial traverse: rope-up or go it alone?
Legality of &quot;semi-permanent&quot; wooden structures in state and national forests in the US
Minimum equipment recommendations for hammock camping
What are the key differences between Mountaineering and Rock Climbing?
How do I extend the life of waterproof leather boots?
How to choose a fire steel and use it most effectively?
What is the proper way to tarp tent to avoid condensation?
Eating Matches to repel insects?
How can rope/cordage be packed to minimize tangles?
What qualities should I look for in a good walking pole?
How do I use these &quot;guy line runners&quot; to adjust the tension on my tent&#39;s lines?
Features to look for when buying a stove (for car camping)
Bowline knot, end at the inside or outside?
How to set up a tent in deep snow
How do you best treat a turned ankle in the back country?
Can I use my leather jacket to go to ski?
How can I go camping in Nepal and Northern Pakistan?
Is department store merino wool less effective than branded (i.e. SmartWool) merino wool in staying warm and wicking moisture?
How can I improve my footwork while rock-climbing?
Trekking in the himalayan region
What alternative topographic maps exist in the USA?
Winter Camping: How to warm up your boots in the morning?
Does whiskey help keep you warm in winter?
Do kevlar sacks work against bears?
Toproping with two ropes joined by a double fisherman&#39;s
Is it possible to develop immunity against mosquitos?
Why do many climbers appear to not trust their belay loops?
How can I keep my backpack from resting directly against my back?
What&#39;s the difference between Sport Climbing and Traditional Climbing
How dangerous is a band of coyotes to a lone, unarmed human?
How to take care of steel crampons?
What precautions are needed for caving
How can I contact emergency services in the US via the internet?
How precise is a pedometer for estimating on a backpacking trip?
Logic behind hikers yielding to horses?
Does drinking tea cause problems at altitude?
Should one run (or walk) back to civilization if bitten by a rattlesnake?
Do polarized sunglasses protect against UV?
Travelling and taking climbing chalk through customs
What are creative uses for retired carabiners?
Tree bark as food
What happens if I inadvertently set off a personal locator beacon?
How do you locate the &quot;North Star&quot;?
Black bears and torch lights
Ration or consume water?
How to make DIY ice axe protectors?
What is the loop on the finger of my winter gloves for?
Are Rhododendron and Mountain Laurel truly toxic to burn in a campfire?
Can I light a kerosene lamp with flint &amp; steel or a magnifying glass?
Best technique to sharpen a knife using a whetstone?
V-threads (Abalakov): How many holes are too many?
Is there a technique to snow-shoeing besides &quot;walk on the snow&quot;?
How much does a full/empty jetboil canister weigh?
How should I traverse fields with horses in?
How can I vet a hiking partner without potential hard feelings?
How far would you need to fall for it to be fatal?
How do I tie a sleeping bag to my backpack?
How can one find the difficult to find geocaches?
How should I treat hypothermia?
How can I signal for help in the wilderness?
What are some alternative ways of fishing - i.e. catching fish?
Is it better to camp in a disturbed area, or pick a new spot and let the first rest?
Resources for finding public hunting land
Why does my belay device have two holes?
