Do high stress moments affect a fetus?
How to care for a new born - where to find a comprehensive guide?
How can I tell if my child is truly gifted or just bright?
9 year old crying?
How should I handle a little boy who likes girls&#39; toys?
My 4 yo says she doesn&#39;t love her mom
How do you explain to a five year-old what energy is?
What level/type of exercise is safe during pregnancy?
Preventing anti-STEM bias especially with girls
Should a 4 year old be made to quit crying every time she cries?
Adjusting to boarding school
What are the health risks of having twins (or more)?
How to handle bad people while being good
What should I do if my 15 year old son is sexually interested in younger boys?
Coaxing a child to perform her best
Marking silicone nipples
Can a Kids Taste in Foods be Affected by Consuming them During Pregnancy?
I grounded my 16 year old son for 1 month because he got detention every day. Is this a fair punishment?
Automatic dripping Milk feeder
Should our 3 year old boy be made to look at me while I am talking (during discipline)?
How can I teach my kids about atheism and theism at the same time?
How do you explain &quot;Right&quot; and &quot;Left&quot; politics to a child without bias?
Is it normal for a 9 year old to cry and throw a fit when his daddy leaves?
Should I declare my baby when booking a hotel?
what is going on with the 2 mo old morning struggle?
How to maximize the probability of having twins
7 year old boy who uses bad language
How to get a toddler to let you know when he needs to go to the toilet
How do I teach my child to speak in sentences?
What are the objective arguments against immunizations for infants and children?
How can I safely keep a pacifier in an infant&#39;s mouth?
How can I make my kids passionate in science while being religious?
7yo step-son runs away when he thinks he&#39;s in trouble
Why is my 7 year old son still having accidents in his pants?
What can be done to extend the fertility of a woman?
I don&#39;t want to be a father
Teaching a third language to a bilingual toddler
Explaining Thunder/Lightning to a preschooler
Can I insist that my daughter be a non believer in religions?
Breaking my rejection of christianity to my parents
Son 22 asks me how to deal with a friend with benefits, so that she does not get hurt
Divorce communications - How to deal with &quot;you&#39;re unwilling to pay&quot; tactic?
1 yr old boy prefers dad
What are the pros and cons of using dessert as a motivation for kids to work hard?
What does the diaper&#39;s wetness indicator actually test for?
When should I start to be concerned about stammering or stuttering?
1 year old baby won&#39;t eat in day, drinks milk all night
Sleep training while teething
Ferber method advice
Toddler has a strong preference for one parent
Is this bullying? Are we overreacting/under-reacting?
Why do some parents have a favorite (or least favorite) child? How can this be avoided?
How to nurture my child to be cautious of her actions?
How to nurture my child to be fearless
What are these? Received from children&#39;s centre in free pack
How to deal with rat and mouse, and fox, wolf, and jackal in story books?
Should we use our (convertible) car seat when flying with our two-year old?
8 year-old girl very keen on her uncle and not on her aunt, a matter of age?
How do I convince my daughter to agree that I want to quit my job and not strain our mother-daughter relationship?
My 2 and half year old niece does not trust anyone else besides her mom and dad
Our babygirl doesn&#39;t say mommy
Alternative to the 1-2-3 rule needed
What is the best way to stop your newborn hiccuping?
How do I handle a 10 year old girl &quot;in love&quot;?
Potty training 20 months old, doesn&#39;t know when she needs to go
Is it harmful to let a 4 month old baby eat an Easter peep (marshmallow)?
How can I prevent my parents&#39; divorce?
Intensive father son bonding suggestions needed
When should you start talking with your children about sex?
What should I teach my teenager about condoms?
Explaining Teen Pregnancy to Young Child
Explaining sexual attraction
Is it preferable to have &quot;sex talks&quot; vs &quot;all the time education&quot;?
Should I use &quot;pet names&quot; when talking about (private) body parts with my child?
Are modern cloth diapers really cost efficient compared to disposible diapers?
What is considered to be a safe age to be a babysitter?
Should I expect my 20 year old son to get a job while at University?
How damaging is it for children to witness their parent&#39;s sexual activity?
How do we stop our child screeching?
Negotiating a shorter school year in a US public elementary school
Dealing with overprotective parents - is there anything I can do?
8-year-old refuses to blow his nose
For the benefit of the child: what&#39;s better - no father or bad father?
how can i convince my 28 mth old it ok to poop?
How to know whether the baby has had her fill while breastfeeding?
Things to do while breastfeeding, other than watch TV
How to prepare a toddler&#39;s sleep habits for the disruption of a newborn?
Will smoking weed during first week of being pregnant be harmful to my baby?
Pre May 2013 Tripp Trapp differences?
How does one address Christianity with their children in a mixed faith marriage?
Pre-teen always sneaking junk food
At what age will babies start resisting sleep?
Working at home and breastfeeding?
My son bites inside of cheeks purposely and asks for Teething Ring, how do I stop this?
How long do you need to use a hot water bottle to warm an infant&#39;s bed?
5 year old cries every time she is told &quot;no&quot;
What is the best way to combat narcissistic parenting as a parent and authority in the household?
How should I conduct a proper timeout?
Deep cut in index finger of 19 months old baby - how to re-bandage?
Pacifism vs. Standing up for yourself
Do high stress moments affect a fetus?
How to care for a new born - where to find a comprehensive guide?
How can I tell if my child is truly gifted or just bright?
9 year old crying?
How should I handle a little boy who likes girls&#39; toys?
My 4 yo says she doesn&#39;t love her mom
How do you explain to a five year-old what energy is?
What level/type of exercise is safe during pregnancy?
Preventing anti-STEM bias especially with girls
Should a 4 year old be made to quit crying every time she cries?
Adjusting to boarding school
What are the health risks of having twins (or more)?
How to handle bad people while being good
What should I do if my 15 year old son is sexually interested in younger boys?
Coaxing a child to perform her best
Marking silicone nipples
Can a Kids Taste in Foods be Affected by Consuming them During Pregnancy?
I grounded my 16 year old son for 1 month because he got detention every day. Is this a fair punishment?
Automatic dripping Milk feeder
Should our 3 year old boy be made to look at me while I am talking (during discipline)?
How can I teach my kids about atheism and theism at the same time?
How do you explain &quot;Right&quot; and &quot;Left&quot; politics to a child without bias?
Is it normal for a 9 year old to cry and throw a fit when his daddy leaves?
Should I declare my baby when booking a hotel?
what is going on with the 2 mo old morning struggle?
How to maximize the probability of having twins
7 year old boy who uses bad language
How to get a toddler to let you know when he needs to go to the toilet
How do I teach my child to speak in sentences?
What are the objective arguments against immunizations for infants and children?
How can I safely keep a pacifier in an infant&#39;s mouth?
How can I make my kids passionate in science while being religious?
7yo step-son runs away when he thinks he&#39;s in trouble
Why is my 7 year old son still having accidents in his pants?
What can be done to extend the fertility of a woman?
I don&#39;t want to be a father
Teaching a third language to a bilingual toddler
Explaining Thunder/Lightning to a preschooler
Can I insist that my daughter be a non believer in religions?
Breaking my rejection of christianity to my parents
Son 22 asks me how to deal with a friend with benefits, so that she does not get hurt
Divorce communications - How to deal with &quot;you&#39;re unwilling to pay&quot; tactic?
1 yr old boy prefers dad
What are the pros and cons of using dessert as a motivation for kids to work hard?
What does the diaper&#39;s wetness indicator actually test for?
When should I start to be concerned about stammering or stuttering?
1 year old baby won&#39;t eat in day, drinks milk all night
Sleep training while teething
Ferber method advice
Toddler has a strong preference for one parent
Is this bullying? Are we overreacting/under-reacting?
Why do some parents have a favorite (or least favorite) child? How can this be avoided?
How to nurture my child to be cautious of her actions?
How to nurture my child to be fearless
What are these? Received from children&#39;s centre in free pack
How to deal with rat and mouse, and fox, wolf, and jackal in story books?
Should we use our (convertible) car seat when flying with our two-year old?
8 year-old girl very keen on her uncle and not on her aunt, a matter of age?
How do I convince my daughter to agree that I want to quit my job and not strain our mother-daughter relationship?
My 2 and half year old niece does not trust anyone else besides her mom and dad
Our babygirl doesn&#39;t say mommy
Alternative to the 1-2-3 rule needed
What is the best way to stop your newborn hiccuping?
How do I handle a 10 year old girl &quot;in love&quot;?
Potty training 20 months old, doesn&#39;t know when she needs to go
Is it harmful to let a 4 month old baby eat an Easter peep (marshmallow)?
How can I prevent my parents&#39; divorce?
Intensive father son bonding suggestions needed
When should you start talking with your children about sex?
What should I teach my teenager about condoms?
Explaining Teen Pregnancy to Young Child
Explaining sexual attraction
Is it preferable to have &quot;sex talks&quot; vs &quot;all the time education&quot;?
Should I use &quot;pet names&quot; when talking about (private) body parts with my child?
Are modern cloth diapers really cost efficient compared to disposible diapers?
What is considered to be a safe age to be a babysitter?
Should I expect my 20 year old son to get a job while at University?
How damaging is it for children to witness their parent&#39;s sexual activity?
How do we stop our child screeching?
Negotiating a shorter school year in a US public elementary school
Dealing with overprotective parents - is there anything I can do?
8-year-old refuses to blow his nose
For the benefit of the child: what&#39;s better - no father or bad father?
how can i convince my 28 mth old it ok to poop?
How to know whether the baby has had her fill while breastfeeding?
Things to do while breastfeeding, other than watch TV
How to prepare a toddler&#39;s sleep habits for the disruption of a newborn?
Will smoking weed during first week of being pregnant be harmful to my baby?
Pre May 2013 Tripp Trapp differences?
How does one address Christianity with their children in a mixed faith marriage?
Pre-teen always sneaking junk food
At what age will babies start resisting sleep?
Working at home and breastfeeding?
My son bites inside of cheeks purposely and asks for Teething Ring, how do I stop this?
How long do you need to use a hot water bottle to warm an infant&#39;s bed?
5 year old cries every time she is told &quot;no&quot;
What is the best way to combat narcissistic parenting as a parent and authority in the household?
How should I conduct a proper timeout?
Deep cut in index finger of 19 months old baby - how to re-bandage?
Pacifism vs. Standing up for yourself
6 years old misbehaves regularly, doesn&#39;t pay attention to punishments
Our 6 years old son doesn&#39;t follow instructions very well, bad listening skills, I need help
How to keep a toddler occupied at the hospital or doctor&#39;s office?
How do I get my 17 year old under control? His behavior is unacceptable
Transferring a sleeping infant from my arms to his bed
How do we get an eight month old back to sleeping in his crib?
How can I get my 12-year old physically active or into sports when he&#39;s never been?
3 year old resisting bedtime very aggressively
Party games for the 4-th birthday
What else can I teach a 2.5 yo child related to reading, pattern recognition, and memory?
14 year old daughter has a boyfriend and I have heard reports of inappropriate behavior from her friends
When is corporal punishment abuse, really?
What are the stages of child speech and language development?
When my kids don&#39;t get along; what are some options besides punishment that can be effective beyond 5 minutes?
Daughter and school dress code
At What age does a child generally recognize their shadow is their shadow and will do what they do?
My son has been offered money by a classmate, if he would pull down his underwear
My 4 year old keeps telling me she peed herself but she&#39;s dry?
Could alternating between courses be harmful to my child?
My newborn won&#39;t sleep
How can I help my preschooler develop empathy?
My 8 year old daughter cries when she is frustrated when she is unable to execute something new
How to spank in public without having everyone around you assume you&#39;re a child abuser?
How can I help my son be more independent with his homework?
How to encourage our guest&#39;s kids to clean up the room from toys before leaving?
My 1 year 3 months daughter wakes up crying suddenly at night.
Teaching mathematics to young children
Drawing the line between abuse and &quot;roughhousing&quot; a teenager?
My son 1 year slaps me and people on their face
My wife wants a 4th baby, but I don&#39;t
Coping with gestational diabetes
When should I stop swaddling my baby?
My 14 year old daughter is overly resistant when I advise something
How can I motivate my child who doesn&#39;t care about rewards?
At what age should my child start schooling (formal education)?
How do you raise an intelligent and happy daughter in a sexist world?
At what age should my child sleep in his or her own room to greatest decrease the risk of SIDS?
How do you slow down a newborn&#39;s feeding?
What are some suggestions for helping with potty training?
Thumbs splitting from changing nappies &amp; repeated hand washing
How to get a toddler to start chewing and eating solids?
3YO and twin babies: car seat configuration in 2011 Honda Pilot
My 4 year old likes to hump my 15 year old brother&#39;s leg
My 2-year-old son supervises me after asking me to do something for him, does this suggest lack of trust?
How do I deal with a child waking up at night and starting to read?
Is there any way to limit distress when diaper changing for newborns?
Potty Training: Child Refusing to Cooperate
My kid doesn&#39;t express her hunger
Kids (ages 4 and 6) only listen when raising my voice, tried everything, what am I doing wrong?
How can I deal with my 12-year old son&#39;s rebellious behaviour?
Where can I find solid, responsible advice for parenting in a marijuana legal community?
How can I handle a situation with a faulty, cruel teacher that does not like me and takes it out on my child?
My partner let my children be around a pedophile
Does too much or too little exposure to infection affect long-term immune health?
Is non-professional homeschooling detrimental to children?
As a teenager, how do I communicate with my mom about her yelling?
My child stands in one spot in his room and moves his head side to side for long periods, is there a name for this behavior?
How to communicate effectively with my 17-year-old daughter? And how to make her appropriately wary of strangers?
What should one do when their teen thinks smoking e-cigarettes is cool and safe?
Till what age are frog feet a normal issue?
Just found out pregnant and smoked marijuana
My 5yo is struggling to concentrate
Improving verbal learning
Should I really be insisting that my daughter finish eating her meal?
What is the best milk fat content for a toddler?
Short naps and frequent night wakings
Dealing with the psychological consequences of punishment in parenting
Is organic whole cow&#39;s milk better than &quot;toddler milk&quot; powder for a 1 year old?
How can I teach my infant to start sucking bottle teats instead of chewing them?
How soon until I can take my newborn to take a walk outside?
5 year old - Enrolling in Pre-school - Concern?
Does it hurt my baby (developmentally) if she watches while I&#39;m on the computer?
How can I deal with no-socks situation at night?
How do you handle the boomerang effect with Teens?
What to do when a 6-year-old expresses suicidal thoughts?
Could you recommend some suitable martial arts to teach to a child for self-defense?
Is walking barefoot bad for my child&#39;s health?
At what age can you leave the child in the bathtub?
How to deal with a teenage daughter who refuses to dress modestly
What should I do when my parents drain all my energy?
How can I help my one year old transition to sleeping in crib?
Can Prozac stunt a teenager&#39;s growth?
Are there any benefits to taking a bath over taking a shower for a child?
How can I encourage my teenage sister to have political efficacy?
How do I stop a twitching newborn waking itself?
my 11 year old boy started craving white milk. Is there a health reason for that?
Where are the majority of children on the Autism Spectrum?
What is the impact on kids of having two working parents?
2-year-old does not speak
How can I decide whether to continue studying or become a stay-at-home mother?
Should I allow or forbid my son to visit the education of a religion that I do not share?
What can help a seven year old boy cope with night terrors and being constantly afraid?
Ways to shield a child against religious indoctrination/pressure?
Is there a puddle jumper equivalent for 20lb babies?
Flight travel during pregnancy
I am 20, too scared of my father, and I no longer feel safe. What can I do?
What can cause colic on dairy formula and not on mother milk
2 year old rarely eats food, needs bottle and milk and drinks a lot of water
How and when should I tell my son his AMAZING father isn&#39;t his biological father?
How to get 4 year old to stick up for himself but not turn into a bully?
nearly 2 years old son fears characters, dolls and someone knocking on door (bully niece)
How do you make an infant sleep on her stomach with her hands on her chin?
How much sun is too much for a child?
My parents never believe what I have to say or believe in me (trust issues around amount of effort being put into schoolwork)
How can I prevent my 9 month old from taking my glasses?
Should I wake a newborn to feed?
Is complimenting children where they can hear it good or bad?
How to raise a child such that she has high self esteem throughout her life?
How can I help a child who won&#39;t talk to anybody at school? Selective mutism
Can I spread chickenpox if I&#39;ve already had it?
Should you pick a baby up everytime it cries?
How do I stop my 3yr old from wetting the bed at night?
Should a precocious child be prevented from devoting too much time to their primary interest?
How to help my son to resolve the problem with school bullies?
As an atheist, how should I explain theism to my children?
When is a banana ripe enough to not cause constipation?
How can parents help an adult child with OCD?
How can I get my 12-month baby to sleep in her bed?
Re-flattening a warped puzzle
How to stop my 8 year old from crying every time she&#39;s frustrated?
Toddler cries when bedtime comes
Constipation problem in two months pregnancy
Help 8 year old is very lazy and does not focus
How do I motivate my ten-year old to take responsibility and to do his best?
Should I force my 4 year boy to play sports or activities?
Should I force activities on my child?
How to Protect Babies from Mosquito Bites?
How can I stop my 5 year&#39;s violent tantrums?
How can I prevent diaper leaks with my newborn?
What age is it appropriate to start martial arts?
What should I do when my toddler climbs out of her crib at night to play?
Very Concerning Sleeping Cycle
Suggestions to fight bacterial infection
At what age is it no longer appropriate for your child to be naked in public (e.g. on the beach)?
All in one car seat and pushchair that lasts up to 4 years
What should we do when our 15 year old wants sex with his 13 year old girlfriend?
How do I deal with rude or uncooperative siblings?
How should a stepfather respond to &quot;You are not my Father!&quot;?
Baby eats less than it should - is it something to be worried about?
How to stop my preschooler from constantly running away
At what age should my baby be expected to support her own head?
Speech problem for 3 year kid
Constipation in breastfed 4-month baby
Is 15 years old too old to ground for bad grades?
Is a LATCH booster seat used without LATCH any less safe than a LATCH-less booster seat?
My 3 year old will not fall asleep without me in the room. How can I break this?
How to help a child with ADHD be more compliant in class
Is there any point to booster car seats with anchors?
How do I instruct my openly defiant son?
How to cultivate perseverance without being overbearing?
Natural consequence for being rude to a sibling
What should children call a step-grandparent?
At what age does a child&#39;s moral compass form?
Breast milk looks curdled . . . what happened?
Woman: Afraid of infants/newborns
Does a parent&#39;s big expectations become burden on the child?
Why does my toddler refuse to let me sing to her
Why does skin dryness occur in newborns and infants and how can I help with or prevent it?
My 2 1/2 year old has no appetite
Is it wrong for a parent to partake in screaming/dominating competitions with their kids?
How to answer someone who says, &quot;What he needs is a good spanking!&quot;
What is a positive way to handle a boy who acts like a girl?
Cause and cure of silly behavior in children
How should screen time be treated to balance the pro of education resources on the internet and con of decreased involvement in other activities?
How much time is too much time playing educational computer games?
How much ipad time do most kids get?
Do I have to &#39;push&#39; during birth?
3 year old, potty training and binky separation anxiety
How to stop the toddler from `deliberately` throwing things out of balcony?
My child is ignoring my timeouts and walking away from them. What are some options for handling this?
How do you handle &quot;materialist&quot; behaviour?
Stopping a toddler playing with his belly button
At what age or developmental milestones is it safe to leave children unattended?
When a child only gets enthused about books above his reading level
1 year old stays up late at night
Should I cut my child&#39;s dad out of his life?
When to pull loose teeth
My sons biological dad moved 6 hours away and wants to split commute times
What aspects should we consider when choosing a name for our child?
Potty training my 22-month-old son
I am 24 years old. I found marijuana and ecstasy my 17 year old sister&#39;s room. What should I do?
My son is 8 and is still soiling his pants and doesn&#39;t care
9 year old son brought a toy gun to school â€“ how can we get him to understand this isn&#39;t just about bringing a toy to school?
Morning sickness symptoms
How can we prevent crying when a parent leaves for work?
1 Year Old Wakes Up Screaming Multiple Times A Night
1Y8M old daughter won&#39;t sleep thru night
3.5yr old pre-schooler cannot deal with frustration
How to explain your absence to 4 year old
Is it normal for a six year old to say he&#39;s fallen in love?
What activities stimulate the same areas of the brain as jigsaw puzzles?
Should I allow my child to participate in dangerous sports?
How to help an 8 year old with short attention span and obsessive character?
How can I instigate or spark an interest for math to my 14 year old daughter?
Is early education for 2-3 year olds worth it?
How do I get my father to stop making everything about him
How do I teach my son to manage his anger when he is unwilling?
12 year old with major tantrums that I have no idea how to control help needed
How do I dissuade my three-year-old from saying he doesn&#39;t like a parent?
Are there techniques for sleep training that actually teach a child how to sleep?
How do I approach my 13-year-old daughter&#39;s confusion regarding her sexuality?
How harmful is a kid&#39;s habit of crossing the toes?
ADHD-friendly occupations
What do you do to help an ADHD kid get along in the classroom or with school work better?
Should I invite non-parent friends to a 1-year old birthday party?
What items should an infant first-aid kit contain?
What does it mean to &quot;teach a child as teaching an adult...&quot;?
strong grandmother attachement
Suitable music festival where children can be taken (Big Chill replacement!)
Help troubled 5 year old boy on 2nd suspension for kindergarten
For developmental milestones, should the age of my preemie son be measured from his birth date or due date?
What type of tracking technology is practical for young children?
Suggestions for 16month old who cries horribly and bangs his head when put down for a nap
Four year-old likes ripping things
Helping a child with selective mutism
How to give a medicine with really bad taste
Toddler injured nose while playing
My parents are interfering with my life in every way and I don&#39;t know how to stop it
How to keep our toddler in bed
Minimum age required for jacuzzi bath
How to handle separation from former classmates at the start of a new term, when your child was the only one in a different class?
Travelling when baby is young: bring them or leave them?
Why does my infant wake crying the instant we put him in his bed?
5 yr old son behaving sexually
Just found out my 13 year old girl is Bi and dating a 17 year old girl in an &quot;open&quot; relationship. Huh? Now what?
What can I do to encourage my 12 year old son to enjoy productive activities?
Why is the due date different in France than in the US?
How to deal with extreme misbehavior of younger siblings?
Sharing parenting/custody duties with an ex-partner
How should I act during conflict between my child and my spouse if I dispraise the child&#39;s behaviour?
What are some possible ways to deal with night-time tantrums
How to get a 15 yr old started with a computer?
Feeding my baby milk that I stored from when he was 3 days old and on
Delayed speech for 3 year old
Is it bad to pretend the spoon is an airplane to get a child to eat?
How can we get our 5 year old to behave during eating, without us nagging all the time?
Can toddlers be taught to safely navigate stairs?
Should I praise my oldest child infront of their siblings?
Will getting child care from a non-native English speaker impact my child&#39;s language development?
At what age is it best to teach a child mathematics? At what pace?
Am I wrong in what I did? Locking a door on a screaming toddler at bed time!
How to resolve blocked milk ducts after weening
Maintaining contact with a one year old in a long distance situation
How can we teach a toddler to use first person and second person point of view in speech?
I&#39;ve taken all of my 13 year old daughter&#39;s possessions, and she&#39;s still disrespectful
Learning to play an instrument: Should we insist that our child practices each day?
Teen secretly playing video games when should be doing homework
Securing books from toddler
Is it safe for a pregnant woman to be around someone smoking &quot;e-cigarettes&quot;?
What can I do to get my 5 year old to have respect and self control?
How to prevent or heal chapped cheeks in a toddler?
Introducing my children into my disbelief in a Christian environment
In case of swallowed medicine, call poison control or 911?
2-and-a-half-year-old child refuses to take her food
Do negative thoughts affect a foetus?
What is the average cost difference per year to raise a infant before schooling?
Regaining the trust of my toddler
Are deli cut meats bad for infants?
At what week will the doctor be able to determine my Baby&#39;s Sex
What can we do to get him to behave?
How can you turn back the clock?
My son has not started speaking properly, now he is 1 yr and 10 months
Why is the handwriting my son does at school so poor?
How can I teach a child to keep trying after a failure?
Is our toddler ready for potty training - potty training regression
When do parents in Turkey typically introduce food to their babies, and what kind of foods do they typically start with?
How can we potty-train our pre-schooler outside the home?
What is the best way to respond if my child is picked on by other children?
How to deal with homework/studies frustration?
What are some strategies for raising a bilingual child?
Can lack of sleep be harmful for newborns?
Risks and benefits of natural birth
How to handle a toddler does not want to fall asleep?
How can I help a child stay motivated in learning to program?
Is there any Good homeschooling program that has curriculum based on Encyclopedia in USA?
Stop a 14 month old from hurting the dog
Explaining the concept of underwear to our toddler
Are there resources that provide collections of good math training activities?
Do I force my son to speak to his semi-absent parent?
Can newborns get used to the sounds of a language in the background?
What to do when 18 month old doesn&#39;t want her dinner?
Preparing quality bedtime stories
15 month old keeps smashing his head against walls, cupboards, bed and also screaming extremely loud very often
15 month old - developmental activities? Dealing with night terrors?
My 7yr old has been making weird noises and has a weird breathing pattern when awake
Handling coughing for 3 month old baby
My 4 year old daughter has suddenly changed her speech
Consequences of smoking marijuana during pregnancy (especially first weeks)?
How do I help a stressed out 9 year old sleep?
When and how to teach a 2 year old how to walk properly
How can I prevent my baby to climbing up to desk?
My 6 year old son misbehaves at school and home. Please help
Should I  stop my infant from sucking his thumb?
4 year old afraid of swimming
Sleep Training giggles
Why is my 15 month old boy crying excessively in the afternoon
My infant has started walking -- when should I start making her wear shoes?
How long should a 3 year old be sent to his room?
4 year old daughter starved for Dad&#39;s attention
Why does my baby grind her face into my shoulder?
Building a better relationship between half siblings for a more unified home?
How can I deal with my unreasonable 8 year old with ADHD?
3 year old refuses to nap or sleep
What constitutes a Birth Plan
Help - taken legal guardianship of 16 yr old sister who is moving in but already staying over with boys etc
When should a child begin to learn knife skills for use in the Kitchen?
List of emotions to teach
Why does my daughter smile and start to laugh at me when I am noticeably really angry at her?
How long does breast milk last after taken from the fridge?
How to deal with my 12 year old&#39;s rebellious behavior?
Are children harmed by the awareness of their parent&#39;s sexuality and sexual activity?
How do we prepare for a long car journey with a 2 month old?
How can I stop my two year old from taking off his diaper in bed?
How to include Dad in breastfeeding process?
Non-nutritive sucking during feeding?
2.5 years toddler who refuse to open eyes for hours
My 7-year-old is &quot;in love&quot; with a girl in his class. How should I deal with this?
What to do about 1 year old boy who keeps pulling hard at his penis and scrotum?
What type of massages should a daddy perform on mummy who is pregnant?
How to identify whether a 7 months old baby is waking for a feed out of habit or need?
4 year old is wetting the bed a year after finishing potty training
Why does my 4 month old playful infant suddenly start screaming at the top of her voice?
How to remove Toddler&#39;s attraction for iPhone /iPad?
How can I help my child who is advanced in programming to meet others at the same skill level?
Can crawling too early due to over-encouraging parents have detrimental effects?
How to approach of a child suffering from a potential sleep disorder?
How do I get my child to remember to flush?
Best jigsaw puzzle&#39;s size for 5+ year old girl
Is the &quot;Happy Xmas (War Is Over)&quot; by John Lennon song and video suitable for a child?
What should parents know about &quot;flat feet&quot;? 
At what age should a child stop accompanying a parent into the &quot;wrong&quot; public toilet?
Is it reasonable for parents with small children to use the disabled toilet?
How to tell if a 4 year-old child deliberately postpones urinating until the last possible moment?
How can I alleviate my 34 month old little girl&#39;s fear of poo?
Baby started solids and stopped pooing. When should I be worried?
How can I get my three year old to stop sucking his fingers?
Throwing parties for teenagers
My parents don&#39;t understand how I eat so much (food quantity required for a teenage boy)
16 month old, former good sleeper, now screams entire nap
3 yo still asks about my ex
How do I make my son listen to my discipline, not my mother-in-law?
Do toddlers need every size of shoe?
Encopresis, I&#39;m at my wits end? Does anybody have suggestions?
2 year old has very runny stuffy nose for 4 months
My 14 yo Step daughter leaves her sanitary pad open in her room
Development for Twins
How to get a 17 year old son to realize that laundry is not that hard to do and to do it on a regular basis?
Are my parents to break my relationship apart?
Is it okay to listen to rap music with violence and swear words when you&#39;re with your 7 month old?
Baby cot furniture concern - toxins/VOCs
How to escape vicious circle of dawdling - no outdoor activities - conflicts ...?
How can I get my 4 month old to sleep longer then 9-10 hours a day?
Working mother but unemployed father
Where/how can I find out about public breastfeeding facilities?
How to get toddler to eat eggs?
How to persuade my father to stop physically abusing my mother?
How hard do I burp my baby?
How to deal with a teenager who wants his parents to buy him everything his friends have?
How do you handle poor behavior by other people&#39;s children?
Toddler going to sleep very late
How to encourage a toddler to swallow his food?
6 yo smothers his food in sauce -- how can I change this?
How to make my child cough?
How to teach greater attention and the ability to delay gratification?
Baby turning during nappy change
How should infant refer to Father (biological) and Father (step)?
new tooth has a black color (baby 8mo old)
Help! My 7 year old won&#39;t go to bed early, or get up early
How can I keep my infant from sleeping while bottle feeding?
When will I feel the same attachment for my next child as my firstborn?
How do I help children who think they don&#39;t need to know math, still learn math and have fun doing it?
20 yo daughter left home to live with a &quot;bad&quot; girl - what should I do?
What&#39;s the etiquette for birthday invites for younger siblings?
How does a 3-year-old learn to wear glasses?
Baby screaming every night with fit in his mouth
How do I get an easily distracted 5 year old to eat more?
Extended family not catering for baby&#39;s routine
My 12-month-old baby wakes up at 5 a.m. every morning. What should I do?
Restarting baby-led weaning after an actual choking
How do I teach my toddler not to stuff her cheeks with food?
Looking for Baby Monitors with Mobile App and Device
How to help 7yo boy who lost his best friend (relocation far away)?
Helping a child cope with a parent&#39;s relationships
How to stop my 2 years old son from stealing his sister&#39;s bottle?
2 year old toddler always running off
2,5 year old girl always picks black
My stepdaughter wants to go to California to see her girlfriend
What if my kids don&#39;t want me to speak my native language?
Building self-esteem while encouraging a tidy, acceptable appearance
Ideas for dealing with a 16 month old toddler who likes to climb things?
Toddler does not like to drink milk
Why are women taught to relax as much as possible during childbirth?
Being a Step-mom to a troubled (or hurt) 5 year old
Taking a 12 week old baby to the swimming pool for the first time
Why was this c-section necessary?
How do you identify/relieve/prevent constipation in toddlers?
21 month has learned how to climb out of crib
what to do when the father makes poor personal choices (not necessarily a bad father)
Daycare provider says that kids with dietary restrictions cannot eat at the daycare
It it ok for a 15 months old to fill her mouth with food?
Device to prevent child from loosening harness release of car seat
How to deal with my 12 year old son&#39;s behaviour?
How to teach a child to swallow pills?
How to immediately correct a (gross) habit?
potty... what am I doing wrong
2 year old not responding to simple commands
What should I look for in a crib?
Is it safe to blow on a baby&#39;s face?
How can I help my toddler with his booger problem?
Behavior advice to prevent child from touching harness release
why does my dad let the deer hang in the garage for 4-7 days
My 9 month old&#39;s sleep schedule gets mixed up
Can a punishment be devoid of any &quot;violence&quot;?
Has this crib been recalled? Should I not sell it?
Are ExerSaucers/walkers/jumpers bad for children or is that simply a misconception?
Visiting a third world country before meeting a newborn
Is it dangerous to microwave formula if I swirl the bottle and test the temperature afterwards?
Vaccination doesn&#39;t cause autism, but what does?
My 2 year old is a bully!
My sister thinks her kid can &quot;swim&quot;, but he can&#39;t breathe in the water. This is DEFCON-1 danger, right?
Son (22) has to keep initiating contact between son and parents after moving out
My 4 year old daughter refuses to eat!
Infant of 10 months refuses milk and water
7 year old demands to go to sleep at 5:00 pm
How to advise a 9-yr-old girl to stay away from boys but not hate &#39;em?
Can a son share a bed with his girlfriend, at 27?
My children like to fall asleep to music, what product will turn itself off after an hour?
How can we ask our 22-year-old son to leave?
my 2yr old cries at daycare during drop off time
Is my pediatrician missing something about my 3 month old&#39;s gas pain?
How can I help reunite my mother and little brother?
Healthy 10 month old baby bouncing himself while standing - will this injure his hips?
Should I monitor my child&#39;s internet usage?
Mold in breast pump filter
Getting a 2-year-old back to sleep in the middle of the night
Is TV harmful to my infant&#39;s development?
Is it reasonable/common for a daycare to show TV shows during the day?
Assertiveness for 6-year-olds
how to tackle 6.5 years old misbehaving boy?
How much sleep does my infant really need?
Sympathetic Adults
Hard and painful stool in infant - is this normal?
Does Tongue-tie really affect talking?
Teaching responsibility/thoroughness *AND* life balance
Finding a Good Photo-Heavy Cookbook for Young Kids?
My one year old son doesn&#39;t want to eat. What happened to my son?
Are there things to watch out for after a tongue-tie operation?
Can giving a book that is too advanced for the child put the child off?
How can I address toddler&#39;s fear of water over her face?
How do you apply medicine to an infant&#39;s tongue?
My Child Excessively Pouts and Tries to Get Away
Is confusing red and blue at age 3 a possible indication of color-blindness?
Why is a 7 year old always suggesting catastrophic outcomes?
7-year-old can&#39;t sleep
Which way is correct to keep your kids on the right path: love or strict discipline?
Why would my 9 week old refuse to nurse from breast?
Should I tell my 11-year-old daughter that Santa isn&#39;t real?
Attention issue or low self-esteem
Keeping one year-old out of the kitchen
Open gifts at birthday party
How to help a seven year old with unrequited love?
I love my step son so much but it irritates me when he compares me to his dad
Younger sister blackmailing parents
Is it normal for a husband to sleep significantly more while his wife is pregnant?
At what age does co-sleeping become detrimental to a child?
Reasoning vs &quot;because I say so&quot;
Should we get her a doll?
Effects on children and parents of marriage breaking up
What can I do about 3 year old holding in pee all the time?
6-year-old bed wetting
how to help my 4 yr old son to recognize alphabet and numbers?
4 year old refuses to color
5yr Old Has Trouble With Letters &amp; Reading
How do I get my 4yo to stop repeating himself all the time, and to respect a quiet time?
How can I help my child learn to learn better?
How do you find apps that a 2 year old can use and enjoy?
How do I get my primary-schooler to love learning?
What factors make iPad apps a good choice for second-graders?
How to find websites to help 5 year olds to learn to read
What should I look for in educational iPad apps for children?
Why is my 6 day old newborn not pooping everyday
My son wants to learn to ride a motorbike. How can I discourage him?
TV shows for toddlers that don&#39;t teach bad gender and race dynamics
Why is my newborn crying constantly?
Child worse than tattling she lies
Sudden fear of swimming!
How do I get my 5 year old to be more appreciative and thankful for what she has?
Questions about &quot;Peaceful Parent, Happy Kids&quot;
Helping children cope with a parent&#39;s suicide
Dealing with gassy children during practice?
Some games and playful ideas for a father to do with his 4 year old daughter?
Why don&#39;t my twins sleep for a longer stretch of time?
15 month old has started whining constantly?
Why would a 15 year old just stop talking. Like &#39;Selective Mutism&#39;?
My two year old has a lisp. Should i try to correct her now?
My 8 year old son won&#39;t fall asleep
What to do if my one year old won&#39;t chew her food
What to do with many painted pictures/ handicraft work
How should I respond to a parent who&#39;s upset their child wasn&#39;t invited to a (small) birthday party?
Bat mitzvah party invitations
How can we address lapses in potty training during afternoon naps?
Is a Do-It-Yourself baby monitor a bad idea?
Baby takes so long to wind, is there a solution?
How long can a newborn girl bleed from her vagina?
My wife is pregnant and I don&#39;t want to be part of it, what I should do?
Teaching the details of etiquette and table manners
When my 4 yo has to do something he doesn&#39;t want to, he completely blocks communication with moans/cries/wails. How can I get him to respond?
Cursive Handwriting for Lefties
Explaining mental illness to children
Preventing motion sickness in a baby on a plane
Is it okay to call children naughty?
How to help (and bathe) a toddler who is terrified of the plughole in the bath?
How can we help my 7 year old quit sucking her thumb?
When should an infant stop sucking on her hands?
How to get 2 year old to vocalize words?
What to do when toddler keeps using the potty to stay awake at bedtime?
How does food influence production of urine during the night?
2 year old still does not (and has never) slept through the night
Why would a child choose to sleep on the floor?
The great debate: Minivan or SUV
Can putting a one year old baby in a playschool for around 7 hours, daily, cause any psychological issues to the baby?
Parents&#39; experience of leaving water warts (molluscum contagiosum) untreated?
Our 4 year old won&#39;t fall asleep until 11pm
6 year old is acting out with family
Do I really need to wake my newborn to feed him?
4 years and 9 month old is shy when away from parents or grandparents
Babysitting vs Childminder vs Playschool for One year twins
Extrovert child forcing his company on others
Is my 14 year step daughter a bad influence on my children?
How and when to disclose to children a parent&#39;s suicide
How do I wean my 2 year old from requiring holding my hand to sleep?
Explaining to young children that a parent needs some &quot;me time&quot;
How do you handle present overload?
Co-Parenting with a Toxic Ex: How to Handle Poisoned Comments from Toddler?
My 1yr 3month old daughter crying every night
Abusive behavior of 12 years old son
How long can a newborn (2 week old) sit in a carry me
Visitation issue
Custodial arrangements in co-parenting: frequency of transfers from one parent to the other
At what age should I explain to my kids that we don&#39;t believe in God?
Where can I find my car seat instruction manual?
On what surface should a baby crawl
How to deal with Encopresis in primary school?
New born seems to be spitting up entire meals. Should I be worried?
Making the child finish their food even if they are already full
What are some good &quot;dad jokes&quot;?
Where should boys aim their urine?
Repository for scientific evidence in parenting
How can 7-year old defend himself when toddler is hitting?
Toddler Can&#39;t Turnover In Bed
Why does my baby like wires, and what can I give her instead?
My 12 year old has been blowing off homework, and now is writing on his clothes! Is this normal?
Advice on Dealing with Other People&#39;s Children Taking Items From My One Year Old
How do you manage free time when you have kids?
When can we start giving chocolate, honey and eggs to babies?
When should we transition second child into first child&#39;s room?
3 year old child acting out for some reason
Toddler wakes up after hour of sleep crying
How to constructively play with a one year old?
How long does it usually take to fully potty train a little boy?
How do we help our toddler to sleep through the night?
How to prepare my 4 year old for his 4 year old vaccinations?
What are some do&#39;s and dont&#39;s for an effective bedtime ritual?
How do parents have sex when there&#39;s a toddler in the house?
Challenges of being a step-father
Encouraging independence
Sleep in booster seats
What are reasonable expectations and reasonable ways to be supportive for an young adult with a sleep disorder?
How to cover base heaters corners
One Year Old Son, Cries with Mum but not me (Dad). Is it Separation Anxiety?
Dealing with an irresponsible 30 year old brother-in-law
14 yo daughter broke her friendship due to Homosexuality?
Is 4 years old too young to expect them to try to handle their own social situations during play at home?
How do you explain to a 3-year-old what Halloween is?
Should a 5 year old excuse themselves after farting?
When should domestic violence be reported as child abuse or neglect
How do I prevent my child from becoming frightened by &quot;scary&quot; stories?
My 9 year feels I publicly embarrass him
Teaching and enforcing moderation when a kid is given too much junk food
How to decide halloween costume for babies?
Best age for watching &quot;Once Upon a Time...&quot;-like series
Is having a sibling better for a child?
baby reflux problem
How can I make my 3 weeks old to sleep on his own?
9 month old baby girl sleep habits
Some strategies for maintaining adult relationships separately from children?
Sizing a convertible car seat for large infant
What factors should I consider when deciding to let children fly unaccompanied?
When are kids old enough for an electric toothbrush?
When should we  allow children to experience spices in food?
My 4 year old son always keeps something besides him when he sleeps. Is that normal?
Why my 12 months baby bites herself?
When disciplining that used to work no longer works for a middle childhood boy and q preschooler girl
When to allow children to consume sugar/candy/sweets/junk?
My 22mo son stuck a pinto bean up his nose. How should it be extracted?
How to react when a child is in a dangerous situation which requires immediate reaction?
Is it too dangerous for my 2 years old son to watch YouTube on the iPad for hours?
Is this considered child abuse
What is the recommendation for treating a feverish child?
Grey hair on a 14 month old baby
Baby sleep associations - how important are they?
how can I train my 10years old nephew to be responsible
My 7 year old daughter is too picky about food
My step daughter shook my baby
My wife wants another baby and I don&#39;t at all
step daughter poured cold water on my baby&#39;s head?
Free printable materials for children
How often should I take my 18 month child out of home
Establishing bed time routines?
I&#39;m pretty sure I&#39;m bound for the mental asylum
Should I keep giving toys back to my infant when he&#39;s deliberately dropping them?
Why is infant development derived from their age?
How do we deal with potty training at daycare?
Does using sign language really accelerate a child&#39;s ability to speak?
Suggestions for a 5 year old girl who has trouble focusing
Getting grandparents to accept parents&#39; choices
At what point are children developmentally able to understand long periods of time?
Do false alarms on Angel Care monitor mean sleep apnea?
Can a toddler tell if their mother is pregnant?
Is it right to go the cold turkey way when babies cry?
One room for each son, or one bedroom and one play room?
Why am I sleep deprived?
Should Disney princess movies be avoided?
My Niece is treated as an Outcast by her own Parents
Is punishment necessary?
Which is the best formula for gassy babies?
My twin Daughters are very different in size!
Daughter is reluctant to participate in proposed family meeting. What kinds of objections do you anticipate she has?
How to handle a fussy baby?
How to help a 2 year old go to bed alone
What are the advantages and disadvantages of letting the child experience the effects of his decisions?
What are the effective durations of punishment at various ages?
Is there a benefit or harm in letting a 3 year old control her own bedtime routine?
Is putting a 9-year-old to bed early abusive?
How to stop my father from physically abusing me
What age to teach a child about fairness?
About blackmailing
How old should a child be to start creative writing?
How to handle 1yo&#39;s point &amp; want?
Is it really that bad to get water in an infant&#39;s ear?
Will it confuse my son if I try to teach him 3 languages, two of which are very close to each other (Russian and Ukrainian)?
What age/size should I promote my child to a booster seat from a car seat?
How to deal with parent&#39;s (grandparent&#39;s) extreme political views?
Help child overcome fear of water on head
Is it normal for kids to constantly hum melodies?
Using and not using a car seat for transporting between car and building, how do I get a infant from the car to a building when it&#39;s freezing outside?
How to discipline 2yo who still does not talk
How to put a newborn/infant to sleep to bed without waking her?
How can we get our newborn to sleep at night as soundly as he does in the day?
Is plane flight safe for a newborn?
How does one deal with excessive timidity in 8 year olds? Is it even excessive
teenage child with severe daily temper tantrums and whining
How can we be sure our infant has colic rather than another issue?
Caring for the Children of Deceased Parents
Handling strong need to protect family
Should I choose a language immersion or regular school for a child with below average language skill?
Should I clean my newborn&#39;s umbilical cord stump or leave it be?
1st grader acting up at school
Not sure what to do about my teen daughters stealing and lying
Myopia in my 2 year old toddler
Should children be preemptively taught about drugs, alcohol, and sex?
How to encourage a child to self-edit and take criticism positively?
How much should you buy for your child to keep up with their peers?
How do I help our 3/yo go through stress
Should I get sunglasses for our baby?
Risks of suffocation when the baby starts turning around
Is one entitled to give parenting advice when they&#39;ve never had kids?
Selective mutism- helping a little girl feel comfortable in my esl class?
Does excessive laughing while pregnant cause any harm to my baby?
my 3 year old daughter no longer wants to sleep in her room, wants to sleep ours and I dont know why
When to start teaching reading
2 year old wont sleep
Should I let my child play with gun toys?
Are there any benefits or downsides in &quot;flexible&quot; food time?
At what age should opposite-sex siblings stop bathing together?
Is rewarding hard work for chores with money necessarily a bad idea?
Can eating fruit snacks cause behavior problems the next day?
Dangers for children that adults might reasonably ignore themselves
My Granddaughter is 8 and is having trouble sleeping. She seems to have a lot of unfounded fears and I am worried about her
What is a good age to start teaching a child Ancient Latin and Greek?
How should I help my 9years old son to get back on TAG program
How long should a pediatric dental cleaning take?
Are &quot;pull-ups&quot; worthwhile?
My 3yo is extremely susceptible to mosquito bites
My 11 yr old has some irrational fears
baby burying his face into stuffed animals
How do I convince a stubborn 8 year old that the parents are supposed to be in charge?
How can I prevent my 8-year-old from spending time with his bad friend?
10 years old child convinced that she can go to heaven
How do we raise our child with three languages?
My wife wants another baby but we are already grandparents! Help!
What&#39;s wrong with Dr Seuss?
Why does TV/video aimed at young kids contain so much songs and music?
How do I motivate my 8-year-old to practice the piano regularly?
Potty Training 2.5 year old - Regression?
How do we break the cycle of misbehavior?
What challenges exist in raising a child in an apartment?
Fast swinging or rocking
What is good way for me to learn how to suppliment my child&#39;s education? is almost 5
My eldest is aware of &quot;an f-word&quot; but doesn&#39;t know what it is, should I tell him?
Why are parents so concerned about profanity around their children?
When should I allow a child to swear?
Why do children become active when tired?
How often is it okay for a kid to become ill in kindergarten?
How to deal with the toddler who is not least interested in listening to the stories I read or listening to my talks?
How do I address lack of tact in a 4 year old?
Trilingual child: How to make toddler more confident to speak third/local language?
How does a woman prepare her body before becoming pregnant?
Is a car seat safe to use if the internal styrofoam is broken
Are there any car seats recommended for tall children under 40 lbs
Should I worried about my son&#39;s development? Or maybe my son&#39;s right brain is dominant?
Disadvantages of having 2 children (1 year apart) in same school class
Does gluten pass through into breast milk?
potty trained 2 1/2 year old wetting the bed again
How to help my wife cope w/ being a stay-at-home mom
How can I show my appreciation for my wife?
My 6-year-old has angry outbursts, possibly related to a newborn sibling. How can we help her?
How can I teach my 5yo son to respect authority?
Letting a newborn sleep - bassinet or full-sized baby bed?
How can I help my baby poop
How to begin reading to an active toddler?
Is buying school supplies online worth it?
Birthday and Christmas on the same date
At what age can you start giving time-outs?
How do you do nap time if some kids want to be rowdy and others need to sleep?
Frequency of visits of in-laws
The smell of a sneeze
What are suggested way to deal with a &quot;distracted&quot; 6 year old?
7 month old is waking up frequently to be picked up
Are there negative consequences to breastfeeding a baby that is older than our newborn?
What is a fair way to punish a sibling who unintentionally erases another&#39;s Saved Game?
High pitched screaming before sleeping
Is cryopreservation of sperm worth it for non-emergency â€œpersonal backupâ€ purpose?
How to teach tact and empathic understanding based communication to an INTJ (overly honest) child?
How important is a settled/repeatable routine for a 1 month old
Need suggestions on how to deal with my 5 yr olds defiance and aggressiveness
Should we put our baby in a helmet to mold her head?
Get along with other kids
Hoarding food in mouth
Can temper tantrums indicate a behavior problem?
My 10 month old uses high pitched screaming to get what he wants...how do I change this behavior?
9 month old waking several times a night.
6 year old son gives money away (to parent, relatives, friends)
Is it better to separate twins in the kindergarden?
Stepdaughter trouble
How do I tell my parents I&#39;m no longer Christian?
What can I do to get my wife to be more involved?
How can my 7yo daugher increase her attention span in school?
Should we always ask to have urine tested when we go to urgent care?
What should I be aware of when introducing 7-8 year old to Harry Potter book?
Long-term preparations for becoming a parent?
Paternity test or not
My 1 year old daughter suddenly stopped eating food
Why does my child cry when her parents laugh?
Move into own room at the same time as sleep training?
My four year old is out of control
Daughter is 11 and really upset that she may be lesbian
Going hiking with an infant - how to prepare?
At what age does an infant start recognizing people?
How to stop parents from interfering with my love life?
Disney, Dreamworks and Pixar: What is the appropriate age to start showing their films to a child?
How can I help my ten-year-old not be traumatized by the deaths of characters in books?
Young teenager with body odor
How can I stop my 6-year old from his aggressive behavior of spitting, biting, abusive language, and scratching?
How to get a child to stop pretending to choke on foods he doesn&#39;t want to eat?
How to know if 12 month old is talking
Typical frequency of discplinary issues for a kindergartener?
My daughter is 15 and in love with a girl that is 19 what should i do?
How do I put my child in time-out when we&#39;re in public?
How should I deal with a child who intrudes on adult conversations?
Can &quot;The Giving Tree&quot; be explained in a way that isn&#39;t an unhealthy lesson?
Baby always rolling over and ending up sleeping on his stomach, is it dangerous?
My 1 year old chews for a second and then swallows it whole
How are pregnancy ultrasounds administered?
What type of pillow is best for a pre schooler?
Writing from the bottom up
What are some tips for making an international flight with a toddler?
Why would a hospital not allow the recording of a baby&#39;s ultrasound video while in the lab?
How can I assuage my pre-teen&#39;s fear of flying
From what age is it safe to install a life hammer in my car?
Destructive when unattended
Poop-training and cleaning up
Till what age will an infant keep waking to nurse each 3 hours?
Older sister grabs whatever her younger sister holds
15 mo old son becomes very fussy every evening when I come home from work
What safe ways are there to get a baby to sneeze?
2 yo sad when I leave for work in the mornings
How do I babyproof an electrical baseboard heater?
What week does baby start listening?
Where does a child&#39;s intellectual curiosity come from?
9 month old with an imperative to sit
How to encourage the toddler to not to be frightened of the dark?
The toddler isn&#39;t bothered with the bland food. Should I be bothered?
How do you explain to a very sociable 5 year old about strangers?
Baby doing flips and flopping around constantly while breastfeeding, is he ready to be weaned?
4 months Infant is swallowing hair
Correlation between study time and eyesight problems
What age do you stop reading bedtime stories?
Is a Set Bedtime Appropriate for Teens?
How old should a child be before getting their first cell phone?
How quickly do I need to change my newborn with a dirty diaper?
10 month old won&#39;t nap
How strongly can a 1mo be rocked?
What are the psychological impacts of a split-religion household?
Is my 7mo ready for solids?
My baby fell from the bed. Is there any problem?
How can I potty train a 12 month old?
Our toddler boy likes to arrange his toy cars in a line. Is this normal?
Is it ok to let my 3 month old sleep through the night?
Should we wake our baby if she seems distressed?
My baby buries her face on the mattress before sleep
How long can a 3-month-old go without eating?
frustrated and confused- my 5 yr. old is acting out and nothing we do at home seems to help
Tandem nursing infants of different ages
Pros and cons of putting an infant in a Daycare
Potty Training my 3 year Old
Why do toddlers hide while having a bowel movement?
30 year old granddaugter in lesbian relationship and I was told about this by her 5 year old child
What is effect of giving sugar to an infant?
What walking distance is acceptable for a 6-year-old?
The Height Problem
Is milk powder left in a hot car going to go bad?
How do you cope in the first few months?
planning babies in a quick succession?
Safe to take a baby under 6 months old to old folks home?
How not to lose patience with toddler
My wife wants a 4th child but I don&#39;t
My 13 year old son has a friend whom he brushes off but yet my 11 year old son really likes
In the USA in the year 2014, does the law forbid children from being out and about without close adult supervision?
What is the least problematic age difference between siblings?
Helping a child independently make logical connections
Teens concerned about impregnation through clothes
What are some ways to teach a child how to spit (after brushing their teeth)?
How can I explain &quot;adult beverages&quot; to my preteen?
How should I deal with a 3 year old storming off and sulking over minor incidents
5 year old is acting out
&quot;Secret&quot; correspondence with a child
Is jogging an appropriate activity for a pre-adolescent child?
What should I do about my pre-teen son messaging older girls he&#39;s never met?
How to get my son to sleep earlier
Baby have acid reflux
What are your remedies for baby acid reflux?
8 year old son, misbehaving at school. help!
Is cosmic radiation a concern for a pregnant airplane passenger?
How do I get my pre-teen to stop asking to watch a TV show/movie?
Safe to sleep baby next to you in tent?
How can I teach my child not to be greedy?
Video game addiction
Infant turns in her sleep, is that a concern?
How do I help my 4 month old nap longer?
Enforcing minority languages at home
Encopresis: how can we encourage our child to clean himself or ask for help immediately instead of ignoring the dirty underwear?
How do I get my 5 year old to focus in school
Reading in second language for a bilingual kid - how to approach a phonetic language vs. English phonics?
How can I get a toddler I care for during the day to take a nap?
13 year old losing muscle
Is there a formal term for a &quot;I&#39;m not your friend anymore&quot; trait?
Which holes to hang the springboard from on Graco Lauren Classic Crib from Target?
How can I help my daughter&#39;s depression?
Would it be bad to only speak to a child  in a language in which you are not completely fluent?
How much should I interact with my newborn?
Is it traumatic for a toddler to be left in their bedroom with the door shut?
Long Car rides with teenagers
toilet training
Would switching to a Waldorf kindergarten be worth the potential stress to our active pre-schooler?
How can my son learn to use the bicycle&#39;s pedals?
Coping and overcoming a rational fear
Worried sick about 3YO and aspergers
Help! My 5 year old just won&#39;t poop on the toilet
Does this method of potty-training work?
How does Elimination Communication work?
How can I make sure my infant doesn&#39;t get injured on my collar bone when he suddenly jerks forward?
How do you balance time for playdates vs family time?
How might one comfort a newborn with sore gums whose teeth are about to erupt?
4 year old steals toys from baby brother
Non-judgmental all round parenting of a child: Any resources?
Napping and early waking?
Is it common for a toddler boy to wiggle his fingers in front of his eyes?
How do we stop our daughter rolling over and waking herself up?
How to get my 3 month old to nap and sleep longer
At what age do teenagers begin to masturbate?
What harm is porn?
How to comfort our infant with fever?
What age do children understand magic
Why won&#39;t my toddler sleep when her mother tries to put her in bed?
How do I motivate a primary schooler to practice musical instrument?
I can&#39;t motivate my 13 year old twins to get school work turned in
How can I motivate my 16 yo daughter to do something valuable with her life?
How can I help my daughter stop puking in our car?
What to do if my new-born child urinated into own ear?
What stories for children have strong female role models?
5 year old child causing problems at school
Problem with baby height
What are the merits of TV vs DVD?
Recommendations on helping my left-handed preschooler when my husband and I are right-handed
Is it nessecary that an adult sit near a newborn baby in his carseat?
How often do you take a teenager with glasses in for a vision checkup?
Should we force our son to have hobbies?
Why would a child hold his breath regularly?
Potty Training my 20 month old boy
Should I stop my mother in law visiting when she doesn&#39;t respect me as the father figure?
Child (4-11) does not get into any of their preferred schools - now what? (UK)
6 Year old troubled by waking nightmares and bad memories
How can you preserve old teddy bear for eternity?
Why are parents so concerned about not letting the babies sleep with them?
What are lightweight/mobile options for safely transporting a toddler in a car?
Is there any benefit of pushing your child to go to school each and every day?
Should I use a child harness?
Why grain/cereal mash + fruits?
2 year old Boy lack of social interaction
How thoroughly should a newborn girls private areas be cleaned?
What are best practices for managing student-teacher relationships?
How can I help a preschooler who refuses to sleep?
My almost 5yr old son won&#39;t poop in toilet..about to start school
My 7 year old daughter is the team cry baby...how do I help her stop?
How to punish &quot;unpunishable&quot; 3y old
Nearly 2 and doesn&#39;t comprehend speech
How can I make noisy toys quieter?
What should be done when your child wakes up from a nap and is extremely irritable?
What is the recommended daily allowance of each food group for 10 months olds
How long should my newborn baby be in a car seat
How to inculcate concentration for 5 yr old kid?
Is there any health risk from play-sand that&#39;s been left wet in its bags for a week?
9 Month old vomiting for the first time when waking up in morning then acts normal
What are the effects of teacher job share on pupil attainment?
When to adopt a stepchild?
Choosing a surname for child of unmarried couple
Do we have a recourse against an anonymous parent making our child&#39;s life harder?
How can you deal with tantrums without spanking?
What should I consider when deciding whether to homeschool my child?
What are the steps parents of an introverted teenager can take to help him to socialize with girls?
How can I encourage 5 year old to kick the ball?
What cheeses are ok for pregnant women to eat?
How to protect my children from cyber-bullying
How can I stop Cyber Bullying and prevent this in future for my child?
How to handle a 11y/o son who act like a girl?
Loud Screaming to attract attention
Our daughter won&#39;t take a pacifier
What should I consider when choosing a bicycle for a 5-6 year old child?
A child accustomed to sleeping with the tv on
Why does my child squirm so much while bottle feeding?
How should I handle an 8 year old lawyering and quibbling?
Is there any research on pros/cons of allowing young kids to participate on social online networks?
How do I deal with acute cases of &quot;stay at home envy&quot;?
If I bought a present for a child and gave it to the parents and later they have a birthday party, do I get another gift?
Is there a proper age for a chin up bar?
Are boys naturally drawn to balls more than girls?
How to teach a child to wear clothes?
What are the signs that a baby is too hot?
How do you deal with a spoiled niece?
What can I do to prevent two well-behaving siblings from turning into a maelstrom of destruction when combined?
How important is a diverse diet for a pre-schooler?
How many hours of television per day are acceptable for a pre-schooler?
What are the factors for deciding at what age to give a child cell phone?
Understanding the idea of &quot;fears&quot; as a young child
Recommend an odor absorber for a diaper pail
Too many car trips with toddler
Is feeding the right time to talk and read to a kid?
Need help getting toddler to take prednisolone
How to approach my little brother&#39;s addiction to TV and computer?
How can I help my son develop a social life? How can I prevent him becoming socially isolated?
Strategies to reduce computer game interest
Teaching a toddler swimming fundamentals
My daugher has Nightmares but can&#39;t remember them
Dealing with a devoted mom about moving out
How to deal with one twin&#39;s success and another jealousy?
What would be a reason for a child with good reading skills to &quot;pretend-read&quot; stuff?
Enocurage or discourage playing video games to 4+ year old son
Gaming for Kids
Are there any dangers or downsides to white noise as a calming tool
My 4 year old boy will not sleep!
Why do humans require assistance in childbirth so frequently?
Do some baby&#39;s eyes produce water more than others?
My daughter is having sex with guys 10 years older than her; what do I do?
&quot;Natural consequences&quot; where they don&#39;t happen?
How should we deal with some inappropriate behavior from our 10-year-old son?
How to encourage the baby to learn to crawl?
6 year old has adult tooth very visible, baby tooth still in place
What do you do when neighbor children that you don&#39;t know start coming over to your house to play with your kids?
Any dangers associated with learning piano too young?
My 13 year old is sexting need advice
Why would a child love and always attempt to wear a dress shirt an a tie?
How do I convince an elementary schooler to always tuck his shirts/tshirts into his pants?
How to help a child overcome fear of heights
How do I determine if my child is ready for a specific book?
My son wants to bring a present to a birthday party where &quot;no presents&quot; was specified on the invitation
Wi-Fi baby monitor with local and remote viewing
How long did it take your baby to like daycare?
How should I teach my son to play video games?
3.5 month old wakes up from nap after 30 mins and will only go back to sleep by feeding
Are there any concrete citations for the range of expected costs of raising a child?
Responsibility, Real Choices, and Consequences
Toy diversity and learning
8 month old wakes up crying for 2+ hours after 30 minutes of sleep
How to handle unending questions that the child can answer themselves based on rules?
Should I teach my child a second language?
Are boys fussier than girls?
Is it a good idea to give games that are multiplayer to a younger kid as a birthday present?
Three year old able to poo in the toilet but still pees in his nappy
How do you teach young kids to defend themselves?
What is an age when bedwetting should be referred to the doctor?
At what age is it OK in USA to hold a birthday party at home instead of a party venue?
How can I help another parent realise their parenting approach is &#39;wrong&#39;?
Ok to mix breast milk with water?
What are the downsides of &quot;I don&#39;t listen to things said in language X today&quot; response used as a tactic for forcing a second language?
How do you do tummy time?
My 5-year daughter likes to play baby
Do you use number of weeks or day of the month to determine an infant&#39;s birthday?
What are good ways to help my son sleep without breastfeeding?
Is it a good idea to move babies arms to teach them how to reach?
How to eat out with kids?
Kid screaming after waking up in a car?
Is it fair (or adequate) to ask a 4 yr old to stop crying for some reason?
Is it worth sending a kid to a Montessori school?
Infant and a lazy eye: Should I be concerned?
Is this strange behavior for a 5-year-old?
Best way to handle bad or inappropriate present?
What are the good approaches to gamify for kids of elementary school age?
Lazy Eye in Infants, Preparations for Seeing a Specialist
How to restrain my 13-year-old pubescent sister?
Are there any health risks in earbuds for pre-teen children?
My 4.5yr-old girl is afraid of death. What should I do?
Tummy ache in 3 year old after eating
How to extract child from busy place without physical restraint
Strategies for getting toddler to eat more iron
How can I encourage my child to eat &quot;spicier&quot; healthy food?
What are good strategies to deal with a child getting distracted during meals?
Is it common for a 3 month old baby to drool and suck their fingers?
Why is our three year old fixated on... &#39;Dark&#39; things?
How can we teach my preschooler to not interrupt?
Should I be concerned that my three year old son tries to manipulate us?
How old really is my child?
Why does my toddler want to take her clothes off?
Why do toddler boys love trains and cars so much?
Paternity Leave, How much does the Father need to be home?
When can I introduce different music?
Fear/interest in thunder and lightning
Should I rinse cloth wipes once baby starts solids?
At what age can a child learn to use scissors?
Regularity of teen reproductive cycle?
How do you correct slang or other improper grammar in a pre-schooler?
How do I deal with my mother who is not supporting me, probably because of her grandchild?
How can I encourage my 13 month old to stand?
How can we discipline our toddler?
Is it a good approach to have a policy of apologizing for yelling at a kid?
How do you handle poor sportsmanship from other parents during your child&#39;s sports events?
Sex play in young children
How should I handle &quot;he/she told me to do it&quot; excuses from siblings?
Why does childern cries all time
What are good approaches to lessen fear of insects in a child?
What is cranial osteopathy?
Advice for carrying out the &quot;Stay in Bed&quot; technique with our 2-year-old
How do you stop a child from talking back without discouraging them from asserting themselves?
How can I switch an exclusively breastfed 1-year-old to food?
Is there any research on whether punishing more for lies is effective?
Encouraging older brother to play with younger brother
Teenage daughter and stepfather
Already in growth phase?
How to deal with visiting a household with very different parenting techniques
Is it normal for a toddler belly to last into the pre-school years?
How can I tell if my son is big enough for a car booster seat?
At what age would be best for my daughter to admit in nursery school?
Is assisted crawling with an infant safe?
How to change an active child&#39;s diaper?
Child suddenly saying things like I&#39;m not his friend
How can we discipline a strong-willed, misbehaving 5 year-old?
What is the best way to transition from away from co-sleeping
How to increase the durations of sleep between awakenings at night?
my daughter learned how to open doors-now refuses to nap/stay in her room-ideas?
Does good cop/bad cop work with children?
Disposable diapers: smell gets out to plastic bags and the garbage can...why?
What should I be teaching my 18 month old?
How to go about weaning a child from its &quot;Lovey&quot;
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the Rapley method?
How do you manage an aggressive child?
How can we confront our pediatrician about not washing his hands?
Is it common for a toddler to cry when things are not in order?
What are some evidence-based techniques for speech therapy?
What can I do to baby-proof my home entertainment system?
Should I enroll my child in driving lessons or teach them myself?
My 2 year old doesnt want to sleep through. drinks 5-7 bottles per night
Teaching children how to fight back
Giving tea to infants
is it apropriate age for 3 year old to play with 9 year old
Getting a kid to tell you Before they go to the bathroom
What is the smarter way to position 3 carseats on my car?
How to keep a sick infant fed and hydrated?
Adult social media etiquette
How can I keep my toddler from scratching himself when he is upset?
Pros/cons of having two kids&#39; birthdays on the same date
What to do if a child wakes up before us?
Are there some side effects of letting an infant eat chocolates?
My toddler has dandruff in her hair, and we&#39;ve found tiny insects on her scalp
How can I teach my son to behave nicely in the playground when other children make it hard?
How do I help my cousin solve puzzles with me without being upset?
How to explain racial stereotypes in classic films
What light colors will help calming down before bedtime?
Teaching my 10 year old son appropriate bathroom manners
Discipline hyperactive 3 year old
20 month old boy quit staying in his bed at bedtime
Do all video games really have to be moderated?
Unusual crying behavior
How can I encourage my three-year-old to have a bath?
Why do parents refer to themselves in the third person?
My 15 month old has started pulling her diapers off after she goes peepee or poopoo
What are the risks of surgery for a tongue-tied toddler?
When should you start potty training your children?
How can we avoid tantrums over sweets and cakes?
How do I teach my girls to deal with disappointment in friendships
At which age does it make sense to see a professional when suspecting Asperger?
Caring for three under three: In what ways can the father help?
At what temperatures can infants be naked?
How do I define &#39;rape&#39; to an 8-year-old girl?
My child is being bullied by roommates child
Cleaning bathtub toys that squirt water
Problem with baby stool
What is a safe but useful temperature to set your hot water at?
How to help a child not copy her older sibling&#39;s behavior
When can I start to let our son play with his friends unattended?
Should I let a newborn sleep when it&#39;s time for feeding?
Five-year-old fever: what&#39;s the cure?
Child has been copying aggressive behavior...hitting adults. What should I do?
Is Television appropriate for meal times?
10 year old child talks way too fast. How can I slow her down?
Established methods to help fussy/picky eaters at late primary age
How can we get our 5 year old son to control his temper and behave
How can I avoid my girlfriend getting depressed over studies?
Four year old does not play with toys
Babies and math concepts
What disorder is associated with social awkwardness, hugging, intelligence, and difficulty focusing?
How to explain to a 9-year-old why a relative is not welcome
26 month old son keeps hitting us when he is upset.
Childproofing USB outlet
How to get a new born to sleep?
How to properly clean the ducks and his friends?
How can I help my child learn to pull herself up?
Can we afford to have a baby?
Interactive tablet games for infants
What&#39;s the best way to respond when parents have kids put a helmet on a kid&#39;s head in a way that doesn&#39;t help that much?
Do parents of teens need a locked liquor cabinet?
How do I teach my baby to not touch my computer?
Can I prepare baby cereal in advance?
How to deal with &quot;no&quot;?
Getting stuck on the wrong answer
How to handle 10 year old boy who has fallen in love?
When changing diapers, how soon should we put the new diaper on?
Are crib mobiles helpful to infants?
visual stimulation videos for infants
First solids and food allergies
What are some reasons for a toddler to have very inconsistent (frequency and texture) bowel movements?
How do I teach a younger child to wait, or earn, future reward?
What things would possibly indicate I should see a doctor about stomach worms?
At what age can/should a child be able to clean themselves after bowel movements?
Classmates choosing soccer tournament over my sons birthday party
How to make baby stop biting nipple when breastfeeding?
Understanding why my baby is fussing
Single Working Mom Wishes to Homeschool Child
Need help with snacking/catnapping 5 month old!
Can too much water lower the level of an important minerals? In 11 months toddler?
6 month old baby sleeps 30 minutes in a stroller
How to gain weight for one year infant
How do I help my 5-year-old daughter solve problems instead of crying
Is behavioural optometry a real thing?
When should my multi-lingual child start kindergarten?
Why are there so many snaps on infant clothes?
When can I start &quot;doing the air plane&quot;?
Asian growth charts
Could it be ADHD?
food feeders can be used for baby lead weaning?
How can I teach my children to intervene in situations where they can help, without risking becoming busybodies, know-it-alls, etc
What potty training goals should I use for my son&#39;s reward chart?
When (if ever) is it appropriate to spy on your teenager&#39;s texts?
Do you need to boil bottled water
Is there any upside to talking to young children about racial or ethnic groups?
How can we help children learn to handle online freedom?
First keyboard: Qwerty or Dvorak?
6-year-old son&#39;s behavior differs from school and home
Toddler Pooping Problems
My 2 year old wont sleep throught he night.
Sun Bathing to get Vitamin D for infants
My 5 year- old daughter is constantly defiant!
6yo wears down people by dawdling and endless discussions - how can parents help?
How often should I defeat my children in games?
When should I transition a 2 year old toddler from the cot to a bed?
What are some good natural teethers?
Best homemade nutritional babyfood for infant
Eight month infant not sitting on her own in full control
How do I explain good sportsmanship to a 4 year old?
Preventing toddler from climbing up the stairs?
How to tell prospective nanny about camera monitoring
How do you teach a 1 year old to stop biting people?
How long should we try to conceive before consulting a doctor?
Are there drawbacks between reading stories from ebooks rather than paper books?
How do you tell if a toddler is lactose intolerant?
What is the best approach to cut the hair of an infant/toddler?
What&#39;s an effective way to deal with toddler transition tantrums (&quot;I don&#39;t want to stop yet?&quot;)
Why did my pre-schooler suddenly develop an odd accent?
Our daughter of 4 already wants to know what she will do when she&#39;s grown up
Ways to respond to younger sibling asking for help to cheat
What should be encouraged? Indoor games or Outdoor?
Dealing with teens and pornography?
My toddler is waking up with crust on the inside of her eyes, should I be concerned?
Are there any reputable studies on spanking?
Does a late evening snack improve the odds that a child will sleep well?
How can I reduce feeding jealousy with my twins?
One of my son&#39;s classmates bites him or attempts to bite him
Why do infants like stitting at the table?
Road trip with a 3-year-old
11 month old wakes up in the night crying. Continues to cry for hours
Is it OK for my children to eat solely carbs and fruit, which is what they want
Preventing jealousy from starting?
Should parents of young children set an example of socializing by using Facebook?
Why does my toddler cry when he&#39;s put to bed?
What is a healthy, ethical way to deal with a nanny cam?
How can I help my kids to sleep comfortably (and safely) on an overnight drive?
How to teach a child a foreign language at home when both parents aren&#39;t native speakers of a different language?
How to deal with children succeeding because of their parent&#39;s efforts rather than their own?
What&#39;s the most efficient way to dress a toddler?
How do you respond when a child catches his parents having sex?
What are the key considerations when selecting a potty?
How do I get my child to stop picking his nose?
Are incentives (toys, candy) a good idea to help facilitate potty training?
Son bites to defend himself. What can I do?
Citrus fruits ok for babies?
Is potty-training in 3 days possible?
7 Yr Old Using Violent Language During Play
How can I talk my son through his competition anxiety?
Should children of incarcerated parents be told the truth?
How does one separate parent from playmate?
What are the tradeoffs to consider between monitor systems with dedicated screens and mobile-based ones (iPhone, android, etc.)
How should you deal with (deliberate) selective deafness?
16mo still not walking, I think it&#39;s my fault?
Talking to a highly defensive young person
Bed gets wet nearly each night although diaper is worn
Memory foam top covers and mattresses
If you are using time outs, how do you deal with a toddler asking for them
At what age do children notice the absence of a parent?
Parental &quot;Wow&quot; as a reaction to trivial child achievements
How can parents avoid making decisions based on nostalgia?
How to talk to parents about death?
How can I get my toddler to drink more water?
Why do my parents start ridiculing me in front of my friends?
How can you offer other parents suggestions without making them defensive?
Resistant child and potty training regression
How long should I wait before I permit my children to have access to caffeine?
Why do my children ask &quot;Are you happy with me?&quot;
How to teach a toddler to identify colors correctly?
My daughter (2 1/2 years old) started to put her hand in her mouth about a month ago. How do I try to wean her from this behavior?
What standard questions should one ask when interviewing a nanny?
How can we explain our &quot;cry it out&quot; strategy to people who oppose it?
What&#39;s the right (average) age to transition from Duplo to Lego?
Gifted child at gifted school still dealing with behavior problems
19 month old takes off diaper only at nap time... help!
Is there an age before which you should avoid the concept of death or dying?
Raising children in corrupted country
How do you differentiate between allowing the child to disagree with you and letting her get her way?
Encouraging a 3-year-old&#39;s interest in minibeasts
Keep son from touching his dirty genitals
We&#39;re looking to get pregnant - what can we do to optimize our chances?
At what age should a child&#39;s self-involvement begin to decrease?
How to fit 3 children car seats into the back of a car
What&#39;s the cleanest way to change a diaper on an airline flight?
What are the differences between a child who was born vaginally versus via caesarean section?
How should we address stuttering in a toddler?
The UK ministry of education&#39;s website for verifying an international school&#39;s accreditation
Any video baby monitors with multiple receivers?
Don&#39;t touch my hair!
best age to start a daycare
Can I let my 5 month old fall asleep after playing in his crib?
Why won&#39;t  our infant stop crying when in the car seat?
what&#39;s typical for birthday parties in the USA?
Email and social media for pre-teens
20 month old wont sit in the bath
How do we encourage musical aptitude in a two-year old?
How does a parent cope with an opposing disposition to his/her own?
Why does my wife say our son is so cute that she wants to eat him?
Adopt before giving birth, or give birth before adopting?
How can I help my 2 year old better love his dog?
What safety gate can I use at the top of my stairs?
Introducing Shakespeare
Is handedness predetermined genetically?
Are shaking legs something to be worried about?
When will we know if our child is left- or right-handed?
What are the pros and cons of school-aged adopted children taking their adoptive parents&#39; name?
At what age should a child be able to dress herself?
What exactly is the problem with the Television?
Strawberry flavor yogurt melts for a 6 month old?
What to do when 14mo suddenly hates sitting at the table?
What to do when an eight-year old says &quot;sorry&quot; in a not sorry voice
Ideas for infant bedding
Teaching a child to navigate bullying (or perceived bullying)
How to deal with the child who is embrassed to see her parent in her school because the parent can&#39;t speak English?
How should parents handle disagreement over medicine?
How to teach my daughter to get the shampoo rinsed out of her hair throughly?
How do we balance our expectations for our children with allowing them freedom to pursue their own interests?
Finishing their plates vs eating later
I am vs my is - when do children develop this bit of language?
What&#39;s the harm if I let my infant drink all her semi solid food through her bottle til she turns one year old?
How do I decide if a particular program online is a good and safe place for kids and whether or not to pay for membership to programs that require it?
What role do imaginary friends play in a child&#39;s development?
How should I prepare my son for preschool?
How long should one wait between pregnancies?
How much stool and urine production per day should be considered normal at what age?
Is my 2 year old&#39;s speech on-par?
How can you communicate with a child that refuses to talk?
How do I help a child overcome Severe difficulty with Task Initiation?
What to do if my kids would not listen to my reasoning?
Immediate reflux/heartburn relief for a baby (8 months old)
3-year-old sleep issues
When will my boy be able to tell me about his day?
8 year old sleep
Typical order of learning movements for a baby
What&#39;s a good way to cut bread into tiny pieces?
How can I get my toddler to eat as well for us as he does at daycare?
How can my toddler learn to stay under the blanket at night?
How to wash Phil and Teds sports buggy?
For toothbrushing a one year old (who eats the toothpaste) should we be using fluoride paste or not?
How can I teach my son to ride a bike?
Is eating boogers a problem? (and how can I respond?)
Regression in sleeping for a seven month old - is that normal?
Is it normal for a five year-old to be put in detention repeatedly for not being able to sit still and be quiet?
The school has assigned reading I feel is inappropriate for my son to read. How do I approach this problem with the school and with my son?
How to keep jaundiced two-day-old awake during breastfeedings?
My 3 year old grandson always lays down when he plays. It Is this normal?
How do you get a 7 month old to keep their hands soaking to treat Paronychia?
At What Age Can Children Prepare Their Own Meals?
3 year old with vicious temper
Daddy daughter travel trip?
My Fussy 14 month old REFUSES to eat any type of food at home EXCEPT her baby bottle!
What kind of walkers are available and what are the pros and cons of each?
Is the &quot;1 2 3 Magic&quot; strategy for disciplining effective? 
What qualities should be looked in cloth diapers?
How talkative should a three month old be?
How should I wake up my 4 year old?
11-month old daughter suddenly refusing to eat lunch/dinner
What is the best approach for teaching toddlers not to drop items off the table at meals?
What kinds of presents for 0-6 year old children?
At what age does a baby recognize themself in a mirror?
When do kids usually stop believing in Santa Claus?
Have there been long-term studies on the effects of separating twins at school?
what toys to start with for 2y?
How to teach a child about eavesdropping
How does one go about determining if a child, adolescent or teen is capable of understanding a given book?
Mastering a foreign language without staying in a country to which the language is native
When do twins know their own names?
All of a sudden my daughter thinks she isn&#39;t reading well, because sometimes her fluency slows
When and for how long should a baby and one-year-olds be allowed to cry?
Parent&#39;s in law who can&#39;t be trusted to baby-sit want to - how do we figure this one out without hurting them?
How can a three month old go to sleep - everything&#39;s so interesting!
How can I get my son to stay in bed at bedtime?
A 14 month often old waking up in terror for weeks
How to inspire more creativity in play?
Do we NEED to help a baby learn how to self-sooth? And how long can it take?
Suggestions for helping a 5 year old boy with horrible behavior
Does a group of girls naturally split at the age of 10-11?
Travelling with three little ones without a car
Treating diaper rash for a teething toddler
Is it okay for my child to be a &quot;latchkey kid&quot;?
3 year old gets bullied all the time
I plan to send my child to mission school at 4+, should I send them somewhere else before then?
How do you handle grandparents who spoil your children?
What house rules are appropriate for pre-teens?
My kid lost interest in eating
Kids and Time Management
Finding Great Books at the Right Level
What&#39;s the process to select a School?
What should I be teaching my two year old?
those babies who start walking early, will start talking late?
Should we add Soccer to an already pretty full schedule?
Should we use special detergent/washing powder for the laundry of baby clothes? (UK)
Extremely fussy and refusing to sleep 12 week old
Do babies who watch TV start speaking late?
Mother in law making us feel guilty about money
How can I prevent my 2 year old from covering her face with a blanket when she sleeps?
My pre-schooler is out of control, and I feel like my parents are undermining my relationship and authority with her
How and when do I teach my son to use chopsticks?
Socialization strategies for a new stay-at-home Mom
one year old eating and drinking very little
How Should I React to an Indecisive Toddler?
Three year old gets up hours before it is time - what do we do?
How can I find good lullabies for my child?
Toddler is in bed but wakes up an hour early and walks into our room
Should we put siblings in the same kindergarten group?
The rules at a friend&#39;s house are a lot more lax than at mine - how do I enforce basic safety?
How to Teach That Following Rules is Not Always Good?
How to decide which stroller to buy?
Car seats at the front
What techniques can keep a reluctant pre-schooler on a morning schedule?
How do you convince your son to poop in the toilet?
Overscheduled toddler
Suggestions for a 5 year old who can&#39;t sit still in her chair?
How do I address a teacher humiliating my son by calling him a &quot;tattletale&quot;?
what is the best way to potty train a little boy?
How to deal with a toddler who wakes up screaming during the night?
How to teach civil rights to children who don&#39;t know about racism?
9 week old started fussing during evening nursing
Why is my baby suddenly screaming in the bath?
How do you investigate what&#39;s going on in the pre-kindergarten classroom?
Should I let my toddler sleep late when he is ill?
Strategies for difficult bedtime routine for young toddler
As a grandma what can I say if my daughter sits and watches her 4 year old hack at her hair
What are appropriate sexual boundaries between siblings?
How much of my prior drug use should I disclose to my tween daughter?
How to deal with tantrums in an older child?
How do I make sure kids don&#39;t run on the stairs?
Should I encourage my 2&#189; year old to attempt to &quot;read&quot; his own stories?
What are some effective strategies that I can take to get my first grade child in the highest quality teacher&#39;s classroom?
How to control a class of 4 year old children?
How to prepare to homeschool our new baby
Alternatives and/or weaning for late-night milk formula
my daughter &quot;forgets&quot; her numbers even though she knows how to count
My kids are asking for Angry Birds Knock On Wood for the holidays, is it safe?
Toddler and Reading
Is there any research on the effects of PG cartoon violence on small children?
How many toys are enough/ too much?
How can we keep our infant safe from small Lego pieces?
When is it safe for a child to start boxing against a bag?
How do I do my daughter&#39;s hair?
When do baby&#39;s gas pains usually go away?
What do you say when your child says &quot;You&#39;re mean!&quot;
Should my 13-month-old&#39;s tummy be this fat?
How much water should be given to an infant producing hard stools?
Nursery &amp; Preschool and Schools (UK)
How do you evaluate schools before a cross-country move?
How do I help my third-grader focus on homework?
How to deal with a 4 year old child who doesn&#39;t like parting with his friends?
Are there any effects from lying to your children?
A two year old waking at night
Don&#39;t know what I feel toward my parents
How can we keep my niece&#39;s hair out of her eyes?
How to change a one track mind?
Helping my Whirling Dervish to slow down
Should 18+ kids still have a tight schema for bed and PC-usage?
How do you explain World War II to young children?
Simple, wooden, not painted or colourful toys, bricks?
is my 10 year old just playing up or is it a warning that self harm is starting?
I am not sure how I can help my girlfriend. Looking for some guidance
Why is my 3 month old waking up 10+ times a night?
What do you do when a kid finds every excuse imaginable to avoid doing homework and chores?
How old must a baby be to be lifted under its arms?
Discipline for a 3 and 5 year old
Good routine for a 5 year old
Is 5 Year Old Exhibiting Bullying Signs?
My toddler has started &quot;lying&quot;
How to break the cycle of lies?
What do we do when timeouts are not effective?
What can I do to help my child have confidence when in new situations?
What are appropriate methods for disciplining a primary schooler for lying?
How do you address a 5 year old that has problems accepting corrections?
Three year old gags when he tries new foods
When you don&#39;t think (grand)children are getting the care they need
How can I encourage language development in my infant?
Ego-centric kid or control-freaked mum?
Trying to find a comprehensive list of names
Counting out of context words?
How can self-consciousness be taught?
How do you get a teenager to take shorter showers?
Can a Stepfather and Stepson relationship work well?
How to wean a parent from co-sleeping?
How can we make our newborn accept the bottle?
How to make a 6 month old infant speak
Nursing an infant while being pregnant
What can i do if my 4 month old baby didnt get enough milk while breasfeeding?
What kind of spoon should be used to feed the infant who is used to be fed by the bottle?
How do you respond to your pre-schooler when they tell you that you&#39;re on Santa&#39;s Naughty List?
How can i make my son stop hitting and bitting and throwing things at my daughter?
When is a child ready to start playing with bricks?
How long is it okay for a baby to remain on just breastfeed?
We are beginning the process to foster and adopt a second child, how do we temper our first child&#39;s expectations?
How many hours should a baby sleep in a day?
Sleeping duration for a toddler
Help With Sleep Training
When to transition to letting the baby fall asleep on its own? Is my baby ready for sleep training?
What are some great techniques for encouraging a reluctant reader?
Toddler started to not fall asleep anymore
What&#39;s a good way to encourage a toddler to blow their nose?
Self-soothing and sleep training
Effects of multiple new relationships (and the single parent) upon children
How can I explain New Year to a preschooler?
What are some focusing exercises that can be performed on an infant to improve their motor skills and cognition
Baby does not sleep on her own
How to keep our 15 month away from the fireplace when she thinks it&#39;s a game?
my 17 month old wakes up crying during night
How do I get my toddler to stop waking at 4am?
How can I encourage my child to feed himself with a spoon?
What to buy to prepare for the arrival of a new baby?
Sneaking vegetables (and other healthy foods) to small children
Parental Control for Internet?
How can I prevent my 9 month old from eating anything and everything?
How to successfully start the infant on semi solid foods?
Properly suctioning mouth of infant with bulb syringe
Please help my 3 years old doesn&#39;t tell me when he needs to use the bathroom
Do I need to put cloth diapers through two wash cycles?
How to cope with GERD in an infant
Trying to be the best stepdad I can be.
How to help a tomboy not dread puberty
My son sleeps too much
Balancing children&#39;s needs with a parent&#39;s own needs
How do you disinfect toys?
How do I deal with my out of control 3 year old?
What do I do with my husband?
How fast does the prenatal swimming reflex disappear?
What do I do about the fact that my child can already read, write and do math before entering Kindergarten?
Two year old still takes a bottle of milk before bedtime, should I wean her from the bottle and the milk?
How can I get my 4 year old to clean up toys without a battle?
Methods for reducing or coping with sleep deprivation
My son Is 5 years Old and sexually active
Disparity of 2 weeks from LMP. But, interval growth between the scanning is normal
Does a child need to apologize and how should I react while it does not?
When the three year old tells two unmarried, unrelated adults to hug and kiss goodbye - What then?
Does/can it have a negative effect, if newborns/infants are exposed to background noise (TV, ...) while awake or sleeping?
What are the merits of teaching a child to type correctly at the expense of time practiced with handwriting?
How worried should I be about head bumps as my infant learns to get around?
Is Video Chatting Bad for Newborns?
Grandparent put a diaper on my toilet trained child
How to help a precocsious child understand her opinion was not requested
when do children start answering questions ?
How to direct my one-year old baby not to do bad things
What should my wife eat and drink during pregnancy?
My six year old is afraid of the shower. How do I help her transition?
How to help a child not be afraid to struggle with things that are easy for her older brother?
Babies and blood. A innate knowledge?
how do I help my 4.5 year old socially?
Is it okay to leave a 3 year old alone to nap for 1 hour and 45 minutes if she isn&#39;t napping?
Sensory Processing Disorder (SPD) in toddlers: What approach should be taken to treat it?
How do we teach a pre-schooler about money and shopping?
Considering Fostering - How would this effect the child I already have?
How does one help the third child have activities of &quot;his own?&quot;
9 year old has uncontrollable raging fits
What to tell the child that says, &quot;Mom, is Santa really real?&quot;
When do girls usually start shaving?
Teaching my daughter her pets are not toys
My daughter just told someone the other day she doesn&#39;t know any Native Americans how do I get rid of the stereotype?
My daughter hates all pants other than her sweats?
Feeding Baby while Traveling
How to make sure my dog and daughter have a safe relationship
Stomach damage/sickness long after pregnancy?
How do I stop my daughters severe destructive as well as hoarding behaviors?
Does a child&#39;s resemblance to a parent affect attitudes of people?
speech development
I&#39;m not happy about the new seating order in my class
How to improve my 9yo child&#39;s short term memory
What is normal for 4.5 month old sleep patterns?
Is it normal for a newborn to develop pimples?
15 month baby never sleeps through the night
Rough Nose is Painful to wipe - what to do?
5 year old only wants to poop wearing a diaper but refused to poop in toilet bowl
Boy Crazy at Seven
How to teach the importance of being considerate?
What kinds of Household skills can be expected at what ages?
What do you do when your child&#39;s Christmas Wishlist is full of things you cannot get her?
What TV shows are wholesome for primary-schoolers?
Newborn has a red rash on her chin
What can be done to encourage grandparents to be equitable between siblings?
Now that I&#39;m working, my milk production can&#39;t keep up - What can I do to increase it?
How can a dad be both a mother and father
Unusually agitated and constantly sucking two-week old
Skin turns blue after long crying
What methods are effective for teaching vocabulary to young children?
Baby weight after 1st month
How should I react if another child &quot;attacks&quot; my son by doing something he does not like (but not especially dangerous)
My teenager doesn&#39;t care about being grounded - what now?
How can I stop repeating myself?
2 weeks old, sleeping, crying, eating
Once a mom has developed a cracked or chapped nipple, is there anything she can do to lessen the pain?
Looking for a healthy way to help my seven year old in developing a thicker skin
My 4 year old son always takes away any new book or magazine that I read. How to deal with it?
11 year old stubborn boy
Is carrying or cuddling a newborn a good way to soothe it in the long run?
What does one do to alleviate the discomfort of mastitis?
How do I avoid cracked nipples?
Is blood from an injured nipple harmful to the child?
How do you respond to a toddler who endlessly says &quot;why?&quot;?
Different discipline approaches by working mommy and stay-home daddy
Diapering a 7 month old that is almost ready to crawl
How can we counter cultural gender stereotypes?
How do we deal with my toddler son&#39;s &quot;angry behavior&quot;?
Does my newborn sleep too little?
Teaching a child to &quot;see the forest&quot;
How long should we wait to go for the first stroll
How can I deal with my son&#39;s refusal to go to school?
How can I keep my newborn baby warm during nappy change?
Relatives&#39; son is awful. What is another option?
How to handle disclosing a parent&#39;s suicide to friends and their parents
To Socks or not to socks?
Washing and disinfecting a Pack &#39;N Play
What diseases are caused by bottle feeding and how can they be prevented?
What to do when my 3-year-old holds poop in and won&#39;t go in diaper or on potty?
Is it appropriate for parents to cry in front of their children?
What language should we teach our child if our native tongue is different from the local language?
If a 4 year old is afraid to swim is it better to keep trying or wait?
How does one pace the weaning process?
How do you know when to wean?
What are the natural ways to increase the blood, and the amniotic acids flow to the uterus during pregnancy?
Should a teether be given to an infant? If, yes, then at what age?
Preschooler can&#39;t sing, but sings anyway - loudly!
My wife is pregnant again, does she need to stop breastfeeding our son?
How to respond to shame
How to brush the teeth of my 1 yr old baby?
How to a talk to my 4 1/2 year old daughter about death?
Getting 7 month baby to focus (a little) while eating?
Please help with defiant, stubborn and abusive 5yr old
My 6 y/o daughter gets separation anxiety due to my medical problems
How to address hemming and hawing?
How to inspire a 7 year old to accelerate reading efforts?
Putting a one year old in the crib and shutting door
Is there a science-based book on how to handle mealtime with fussy toddlers?
how to talk with your teen when he caught you having sex with your partner
How long do children normally read without comprehending?
Is there an infant-equipped transportation service with car seat to and fro airports?
11month old baby has lost interest in eating solids
How to handle copycatting?
What can be done to control a toddler?
How do I stop my son picking at his scabs
Tackling violent child
How to hold my kid accountable for his actions?
8 year old too stressed to sleep
Stuttering Suddenly
Evidence based guidelines for front or rearward facing pushchairs/strollers?
How to persuade lazy-to-think kids to learn mathematics?
What are signs my daughter is teething?
Intentional infection with Toxoplasmosis before getting pregnant?
How do you help a child with nightmares?
27 month old won&#39;t sleep
How much should a caretaker push for mannered greetings and farewells from a pre-schooler?
How can we make our newborn breastfeed less frequently?
How to deal with the infant who has got an eyelash in the eye?
UK - when to move house to get into Junior School
How can I successfully breast feed my premature baby?
So What is a Baby Sling and what Advantage does it Have?
Effect of homeschool on college chances?
How does one teach kids about how to handle &quot;Stranger Danger?&quot;
Ideas for Dealing with a Master Staller
Problems with napping and temper after night time weaning at 11 months
How can allowing children to participate on Halloween be helpful in reinforcing good habits?
Can contact with cat feces be harmful for pregnant women?
What studies exist regarding computer usage and computer game playing that support limiting access?
How do you help a seven year old navigate life and friendships in a region where your beliefs vastly differ from the beliefs of the larger community
Why does baby have a green tongue?
Techniques for handling teenagers &quot;playing dumb&quot; about things
What can I do to bond with my premature baby?
How to handle post traumatic stress with my 6yr old daughter?
How do I stop yawning so much when I&#39;m reading bedtime stories to my kids?
What to do about anxiety when going to school?
Ways to automatically swing or rock a baby
How do you discourage a toddler from hitting people?
What kind of obedience is to be expected from a 2-year old?
How do you address what your child tells you at their daycare?
When should a child stop using a pacifier, and how can I help with this transition?
Encourage pre-schooler to keep room clean
How important is it to brush infant&#39;s teeth before vs. after the goodnight milk bottle?
How to deal with the toddler when me and my partner are not on the same page?
Why is it important to support a newborn&#39;s neck?
How to prepare children for impending death of a parent?
I suspect my teenager is using illegal drugs; what should I do?
Is it fine for parents to ask for allowance from children? How to do it tactfully?
Toddler peeing pants when upset
Should I clean the belly button of a newborn after the &quot;stump&quot; falls off
Integrating original family fun games with learning
How to deal with my son who always wants to have lights on when we go to bed?
Combing head lice from very curly frizzy hair
Baby gift suggestion for third boy?
How can we improve a trilingual toddler&#39;s basic language development?
What direction should baby gate swing when installed at top of stairs?
Reading Programs
How do I get my 5 year old under control?
Is it safe for one-year old baby to sleep in her car seat for long hours?
How did you maintain good contact when your child was far away?
How to deal with 5 year old who suddenly doesn&#39;t sleep through the night?
For a long flight, would freezing breast milk simplify transporting it?
Raising a tri-lingual child, tricky context
How do you prepare a pre-schooler for potentially permanent separation from a close friend?
How do you deal with a 9 year old not doing their homework?
What games are good for teaching math?
What are some strategies for helping children cope with divorce?
Kids and Cell Phones? What limits should be set along with giving the first phone?
How do I handle my toddler&#39;s temper tantrums?
When to stop using formula, and how much cow milk to give?
Minimize time to pack child&#39;s things
What&#39;s a good choice for a baby&#39;s first sign in sign language?
why does my daughter wake up in pain clawing at herself?
How do you encourage your primary-school-aged child to eat new foods?
What should parent do when their child is dropping more hair?
Where is the best place to find another family for a nanny share?
How can one tell if an infant is developmentally advanced?
Is there a website where I can check reports on issues in a daycare in South Carolina?
What are some alternatives to bouncing on an exercise ball?
Toddler scream at night during sleep, but she does not wake up
Does skipping crawling stage affect your child brain development?
How do we avoid leaky diapers at night?
How structured does a child&#39;s life need to be?
What are the signs other than crying which indicate that the infant is hungry?
Why do infants flail their arms?
Homework in schools in England
How can firearms be secured from children?
The noise of his children playing makes a parent tired and glad to leave for work
Does pulling kids out of class for special help negatively influence them?
Too many variables at play -- troubled &quot;son&quot;
What can my girlfriend do for her daughter?
How to get a 3 year old to inform us he went poop?
What is an ideal age duration for a permanent bonding to happen between parents and child?
How can we convince our son to take his pants off to sit on the potty?
What kind of impact have parental quarrels on children?
Can the Phil and Ted Strollers accomodate an infant and toddler at once?
Can a 17-month old really appreciate humour/irony?
At what age should I expect a child to turn to the direction of the sound?
Can I figure out what my baby wants by the sound it makes when it cries?
Does a heavy diet increase milk production quantity?
What home-safety aspects should new parents consider?
What are general causes of clumsiness in toddlers?
How to preserve the daily extracted breast milk in freezer for a long time?
How do I persuade my 4 year old daughter that School is Cool?
How to explain to your child one of you parents isn&#39;t around
How to mimic the infant sucking actions with a manual breast pump?
Should we discourage our toddler from taking sippy cups to bed?
Should adults pay rent if they live in their parents&#39; home?
My newborn is a slow eater, is that normal?
How long are sterilised bottles sterile for? And is there a way to keep them sterile for longer?
How to minimize diaper usage or replace it with greener alternatives
What would be the appropriate time and duration to perform Kangaroo care?
what do labor contractions actually feel like?
Why does my infant bang her head sideways in sleep?
Removing mould from baby clothing
Is Probiotics bacteria the same bacteria present in the breast milk?
How can I wean my active baby from swaddling?
Stroller for twins
Essential things to bring to the hospital
My 6 month old will not sleep all night.
When does an adoption &quot;sink in&quot; for a child?
Teaching logic and problem solving to children?
Is it okay for my newborn to sleep in a travel bed instead of his crib?
Autistic child constantly mobbed by other children - what can be done?
When and how should I teach my kids to touch-type?
What is the term for the wool like stuff that secretes between the newborn&#39;s hand fingers?
Is it normal for a 3 year old to change their clothes every 10 minutes all day long?
How to deal with the child when both the parents are not on the same page?
3 year old won&#39;t get out of bed without assistance?
Can you guide a toddler to learn specific words?
Acting different for mom
14 yr old lesbian/bi daughter
8-month old terrified of new caretakers
Non-alcoholic treatment, medicines, or remedies for infant colic
What are the causes and remedies of constipation in toddlers?
How to know whether it is the time to change the nipples?
How do I get my toddler to sleep by himself?
When to teach daughter to dry herself after urinating
Effectiveness of alternative uses of breast milk
Is it safe to put the milk left after feeding in the fridge for the next feed?
Causes and prevention techniques for crooked teeth?
What can I do to stop my child from being over-sensitive?
What is an appropriate age to talk to you child about alcohol?
How to stop my son being overly sensitive of his peers?
Can &quot;Baby wearing&quot; lead to physical issues for the baby?
Can baby&#39;s limbs &#39;fall asleep&#39; in carriers due to lack of blood flow?
What is the best way to have multiple monitors for more than one child?
How do you instill Leadership skills in your kids?
Nose Bleeds at night
Buying a kids table/chairs for 4-6yo, what to look at?
How old or what size does a child need to be to start learning to ski?
Is watching a moving fan equally harmful to an infant&#39;s mental development as is a TV?
Why does my infant burps many times
When should a toddler stop having problems with personal pronouns?
Getting paid for babysitting
What is the appropriate age for a kid to read and/or understand the books related to self confidence?
Restricting infant on almost every move
Do newborns have dreams when they sleep?
At what age can children understand and respond well to discipline?
For an infant, at what age should we replace the bottle with a cup, and how?
How do I talk to my child about homelessness and mental illness?
When is too young to give up the nap?
Our infant was sleeping through the night, but at 5 months old started waking up in the middle of the night; is this from starting to dream?
How to maintain dental hygiene while bottle feeding?
My son witnessed a friend receiving corporal punishment; how do I prevent this from sending the wrong message?
How to get a great-grandparent to use a video phone
My daughter have 100% &quot;miss&quot; at home, better at day care
What are the alternatives to the Gripewater?
Removing petroleum based grease from my skin before handling my infant
Why does my newborn stick her tongue in and out like a snake?
How can I keep a 14 month old busy at some activity for longer than 3 minutes
11mo baby is shaking arms and legs when excited
How to single handedly bathe a newborn?
Why won&#39;t my son eat?
At what age should you start giving your children pocket money?
Reducing TV time for toddler?
Can pacifier-use interfere with breastfeeding?
What are the sterilization techniques available to sterilize bottles and nipples?
Just found out my daughter might be gay. Now what?
What kind of questions are asked on the Metropolitan Kindergarten Readiness Test?
Querying a Database for Baby Names within Popularity Range?
How early should I start thinking about cloth diapers?
Bedtime vs amount of sleep?
Daughter saying whole sentences at home but not in kindergarten
Relevant research to support father custody for children?
How do you pass hand-me-downs to a younger sibling without fostering resentment?
How can a father teach his girl child about menstruation?
How to positively teach a toddler dishonest actions are bad
My 20 month old son bites other children in the kindergarden. How can I stop this?
At what age can a child be left alone in a parked car?
14-week-old waking many times a night: poor sleep associations already? can we sleep train yet?
Why is my child always tired?
What kind of controlled safe scientific experiments can I do with my baby?
Is Woodward&#39;s Gripe water safe?
Does breastfeeding past age two years lead to better future health of the Baby and the mother
Getting a 5-year-old up and going in the morning
What are some good strategies to support extended breast feeding of 2 years for new parents
How to prevent baby from getting hurt while learning to walk?
How to prevent baby bottle addiction?
How to introduce foods to my little girl?
How long is breastfeeding effective and worthwhile?
How to deal with sore nipples resultant from improper breastfeeding?
Which is the best option electric or a manual breast pump and how to choose the best one
What are the dos and don&#39;ts related to massaging an infant?
How can I tell parents of a 1-year-old that they&#39;re doing it wrong?
How to latch a newborn properly?
How can I find time to relax during my maternity leave?
Are egg yolks safe for pregnant women?
How to get children to participate in housework without using reward/punishment
How to get schizophrenia and bipolar kids to take medication?
Toddler hitting older sister
How to handle my baby boy urinating in bath?
What are the risks of putting a newborn baby to sleep on their front?
Two year old starting creche, completely hyper when he comes home
How disruptive is an occasional exception to a toddler&#39;s sleep schedule?
How to properly store breastmilk
How long can formula be stored in fridge and freezer?
Should I teach my kid how to lie?
How can I explain to my child that I&#39;m not superman?
Are cloth diapers really more environmentally minded than disposables?
How can I protect my ears when the baby cries?
How do you know if you&#39;re ready to be a parent?
What are good ways to clean plush toys?
What are the pros and cons of giving nutritional food supplements?
Why does tight swaddling calm babies?
How to clean the face of a newborn?
How do I help a child overcome fear of ghosts?
How can I get my 7 m/o to stop rubbing her eyes?
How to clean the vagina of a newborn?
How to teach a toddler a second (foreign) language?
Should we put our a child in a preschool with a primary language we do not speak?
How to know whether I am producing sufficient breast milk?
How to make my son have breastmilk again after several months of weaning?
Cartoons in a language that neither parent speaks?
How to deal with a toddler who has formed a habit of throwing things including food?
When do infants and/or toddlers develop survival instincts?
Should a 7 day old be prevented from raising her head on her own?
What makes a kid turn bully, and how to prevent him from turning into a bully?
What are the best tv shows for a 3 year old
Do I need infant cloth diaper covers with a cut-out for the umbilical cord?
16 months old and no signs of communication. Should we be concerned?
How do I determine developmentally-appropriate projects for my toddler?
7 month old will no longer play on her stomach
3 year boy old will not wear shorts or t-shirts WHY?
Doing good things in the wrong way
how to teach persistence to 3 year old
Preparing 3 year old for new baby?
What&#39;s the best way to extract baby snot?
What could be the reason of food accumulatation (pooling) between front lower teeth and lips in mouth of the toddler?
How can I get my child to stop biting others?
How to encourage speech development
How to check the fine motor skills development
Toy Preference of a Toddler
How do I help my son with fine motor skills?
How to calm a toddler before bedtime?
What do we do if our children don&#39;t like the nanny?
What would be a effective way to explain pornography?
Do children need hot meals twice a day?
How do I get my 6-month-old to sleep better at night?
How to handle an unethical relationship
What activities/sports are optimal in developing body awareness in children age 4-5?
How do I get play-doh out of the carpet?
What pre-cautions are to be taken by parents in case of sore-throat, chest congestion and fever for toddlers?
How can we teach our pre-schooler enough of a second language to cover basic manners?
Does a damaged dental brace need repairing?
Why are some babies always fussy and crying while others are always cheerful?
How to balance between giving an oil massage and a daily bath to an infant?
How to know whether your child is being bullied?
My 2 month old daughter is trying to stand; can this be harmful?
Does the kid who is active at night in the womb retain his night activeness once he comes out?
Does a newborn *need* some kind of cradle?
Do we have to wrap an infant in the warm clothes after his birth?
How (and when) do you teach a child patience?
I&#39;m getting distant from my father
Is it considered harmful in the longer run to frighten the child so that he behaves the way we want?
What to do with unwanted personalized gifts?
Is it ok to wake up my 3yo boy for a pee?
At what age should sleeping and eating schedules be fixed for a kid?
When is it safe to start letting our children go into relationships?
How to deal with a bedwetting teenager?
3 year old will not take a nap some days
Should we expect the kids to make an eye contact always?
My pre-schooler does not listen to anything I say or do!
When should an infant stop needing milk through night?
In what way does reading story books to babies help them (besides falling sleep), and at what age should it be started?
When upgrading our toddler from a cot to a bed, how do we keep him in his bed?
When should kids be allowed to walk/bike to school alone?
Pros and cons of C section (Cesarean) delivery?
Can the council demand that a 16yo shares a bedroom with a 1yo?
Is it allowed to play with unfamiliar child?
Is learning mathematics good to build personal character?
How to motivate yourself to read stories to a kid whom you know cannot understand and respond accordingly?
How to read an English story book to the kid when we don&#39;t talk in English at home?
How can we make a long road trip pleasant for a toddler and the parents?
How to handle a mother who is becoming unkind to the adult child?
How often should the cloth diaper be changed and how to know when it is the time to change the diapers?
Where to find data on primary schools in wales?
5 year old always yells when excited, and isn&#39;t learning when to use quieter voices
Games mentioned in &quot;Baby Talk&quot; by Sally Ward
How can I prep my child for an IQ test?
Not teaching a child how to speak
Can my 18 months old boy learn from watching movies?
How can I get my 2.5 year old to sleep on his own?
What are some positive, helpful or fun status&#39; for a breastfeeding support Facebook page?
Giving the baby away in New Jersey?
Is it okay to restart breastfeeding after a delay, and continue until after a child is 2 years old?
How and when should I teach my children how to swim?
newborn / 1mo : funny milk smell in the head?
Convincing 18-month baby to sleep in the morning - using a training clock?
How to deal with toenails that grow outwards?
Songs for teaching hindi/kannada phonics?
When can I stop baby-proofing the house?
5.5. month old not eating as well anymore
How can I get my primary-schooler to remember to turn off the light?
neighbour&#39;s Marijuana effects on infant
How do you gauge if a show, movie or story may be too frightening for your child?
At what age can we expect a baby to be carried in a back pack baby carrier?
How to keep a 2 year old entertained in the car on long road trips?
When drying baby bottles, do they have to be completely dry before using them for feeding?
2 week old baby is not interested in eating
Controlled crying isn&#39;t working at night. What are my options?
How do you prepare a toddler to sleep in a strange place (a hotel room)?
What stroller features are essential for regular use on the subway?
Making isolation not feel like a punishment
How to better engage myself with my 15 month old
Painting around baby?
My 8 year old daughter was taught by her classmates how to use the middle finger. How do I get her to stop this behavior?
Does a baby cry inside the womb?
Learning to propel oneself in a swing
I am 10 weeks pregnant now, getting excessive saliva
What should be the ideal sleeping posture in the third trimester of pregnancy?
At what month of pregnancy should the DHA intake be started?
Have studies shown whether toys that feature guns or other weapons prominently promote violent behavior?
Should an infant be washed with turmeric powder?
How to handle homeschooling in another language?
How to teach a 3-year-old baby to not be afraid of bathing?
What kind of clothes does a new born need to wear in summers?
Is it normal for an infant&#39;s weight to fluctuate?
Why does my child eat so slowly?
2 Year old son like hitting , bitting and fighting
What is a good age to start taking your kids to the cinema?
Should you give honey to a newborn?
How do we get our toddler to gain weight?
What qualities should be looked in a bedding for an infant to prevent the crib deaths?
Are &quot;glow in the dark&quot; bedsheet safe
Should we teach rules of multiple board games at once
Why does my baby moan every 3-5min during sleeping?
How should I schedule the sleep and feeding pattern of my infant so that he gets enough feed when I am at home?
At what age should siblings stop sharing their bedroom?
How do you handle a conflict between your child and a teacher?
How to avoid association of child&#39;s room with time-outs?
Should you secretly drill your children?
Does the baby in the womb get effected by the mental state of the mother?
What should I do when my daughter&#39;s health is affected by the cats at my parents home when we visit?
Punishment for stealing?
Why does my mother expect me to behave like others and herself?
How to teach a child to &quot;tell&quot; when she needs to go to the toilet?
When to tell a child he didn&#39;t really win
How to deal with vacation spots with opposite extremes?
Will teaching American Sign Language provide the same developmental benefits as a bilingual household?
My child has chickenpox, am I infectious?
3 year old tantrums in public
my two year old wont brush his teeth?
How can parents improve a child&#39;s behavior outside their presence?
Does a breast feeding mother&#39;s diet affect the breast milk produced?
How can I address issues that concern me at daycare (and school) without creating tension with the staff?
Should we cut our infant&#39;s hair?
Are clothes needed for a newborn?
How to handle fighting twins
Does daycare mentally damage children under three?
Daughter is whining for every small thing since her brother was born
Is raising a child bilingually with English worth the effort?
How do you determine when to start a child on music lessons without pressuring them?
Raising a bilingual child when one parent knows both languages while the other doesn&#39;t
How can I get my toddler to sleep later in the mornings?
How do you potty train for overnight?
How can I get my toddler to exit discreetly when threatening-looking people are around?
My toddler wants to watch the same shows over and over
Please help: my 3 year old won&#39;t stay in her bed!
Should you let a toddler win?
How can I get my infant to stop biting his lower lip?
How do you curb &quot;tattletale&quot; behavior in a toddler?
22 month old goes to bed and wakes up an hour later
Can you get a toddler to be nice to his friends?
My toddler seems unable to pay attention for longer than 15 minutes; should I worry?
Why do kisses stop a child from hurting?
At what age does a toddler stop being a toddler?
Why would a one year old suddenly refuse solid foods
How can I help when the parents don&#39;t acknowledge their child &#39;s learning disability?
What can be causing night wakings, similar to sleep walking?
Should I discourage my son from &quot;stealing&quot; toys from Let&#39;s Rock Elmo?
How to kick a twelve year old&#39;s shopping &quot;addiction&quot;?
infant behaviour after toddler illness
How to handle different rules about video games at friend&#39;s house?
Explaining a c-section scar to a toddler
How do you determine if a child is ready for a pet?
When do baby teeth start falling out?
Toddler Plays in Bed and Won&#39;t go to Sleep
2.5 year old always picks at scabs
How to get my sister to use correct spelling while typing on computer?
How to deal with a naughty nephew?
Why is my one month old kicking, grunting and eventually crying when I hold her?
What can help prepare a 15 month old for the birth of a sibling?
How do you teach a toddler not to share?
How do you address a child who cries and wants to play with everything?
saving uneaten dinner for breakfast?
Should I make my child respond to me in my language?
When is it time to pack away the stroller?
Is my toddler becoming too concerned with health issues?
What is &quot;Tummy Time&quot;
What if my child has asthma?
8yr old boy - afraid of too many things, too laid-back, lacks zeal to compete
Using the sink dish cloth to wipe infants face and hands after feeding
My wild son - have i missed out on the key years of relationship-building and discipline?
Toddler having a kind of facial spasm/seizure
Somewhat unemotional, destructive pre-schooler; shows no strong attachment to things. How can we help him?
potty training my 4 year old whom refuses to even make an attempt?
Is it prejudicial to introduce a child to a new environment soon after a separation?
How do I get my overachiever to accept her mistakes and live up to her abilities?
How to encourage toddler twins to share?
When should you worry about a toddler&#39;s loss of appetite and weight?
Help for my friend&#39;s pre-schooler who eats too much
Is the child obesity epidemic biasing growth charts?
What should I expect regarding development of baby born severely underweight with Symmetrical IUGR?
How should I deal with my toddler&#39;s difficult behavior towards food?
Baby breastfeeds for only 5 mins before sleeping again
How often should my wife breastfeed our newborn?
Avent manual breast pump problems
How do you determine safe (non-poisonous) toys for small children?
What do you do when your parents are physically hurting you?
Step grandma name
How can I get my mother to recognize that I&#39;ve matured?
How do I tell my mom that I am not Christian?
Should we see a Speech Development Specialist?
Toys for a 1 year old
What do you do with the cousins who, at birthday parties insist on opening the presents when they are not the guest of honor?
How can I teach my child about Christianity?
When is the right age to bring my child to a Disney theme park?
My child is constantly hungry. How do I keep her feeling fuller?
Our baby crys in the middle of the night
Should I expect a boy to ask me for permission for prom?
Baby awake in the morning but quiet?
How do I figure out which infant formula is the healthiest?
How should I respond to a child asking to have as much spending money as her friends do?
How do you decide if a movie is suitable for young children?
What are some fun (no TV or computer) activities that a 2 year old and a 4 year old would enjoy together?
Should imaginary friends be accepted or discouraged?
Which music is suited infants and toddlers?
Babbling - encourage babbling in 2 yo with glue ear?
Is it ok to be on diet while pregnant?
As a parent, how should I react to someone asking me for permission for Prom?
How to tell my son (10yo), somebody he knows as a man, is actually a woman?
Should we circumcise our son?
How do you ensure that the Internet is a helpful learning tool, rather than a crutch?
Dad-to-be needs help finding a changing table
Son is two and won&#39;t sleep through night expecting to come to bed with us
My 3 month old gets up 10-15 times a night?
Should an infant, awake and happy in the middle of the night, be helped back to sleep?
Should we feed the 3MO on demand at night with more frequent wakes?
Is my 7-year-old child sleeping too much?
What is a good blog/site to get inspiration for educational Android apps?
Further correspondence from tooth fairy?
my 2 year old wont sleep at night
How to feed a 3 year old?
What is a reasonable amount of time to wait before family visits your new baby?
How does one formally educate a gifted child without wrecking childhood?
Any advice on how to react to my 4 year old who gets hysterical instead of solving her &quot;problem&quot;?
Mathematics concepts for older children and teens
When do kids start learning fractions in school?
Credibly backing out of a condition for a reward
Should we give our infant baby food to avoid feeding at night?
How to deal with a family that is separated
How do I tell my parents that my wife and I are pregnant?
Why should children be rewarded for good behaviour?
What are the pros and cons of having an advanced student skip Kindergarten?
My son is getting presents from people he&#39;s never met; how do we teach him to appreciate the sentiment behind the gifts?
Are there studies that have published the studied effects of PVC plastics on infants and children?
What is the best way to deal with a 16 month old who started hitting?
Hyperemesis in second pregnancy if not in first?
How do you teach your children about regional colloquialisms?
What are the chances that my wife will give birth vaginally after having a caesarean section in a previous pregnancy?
What is the correct temperature and humidity to maintain in a child&#39;s room at night?
Music for gestation - what should baby be hearing while in the womb?
Can Not Speaking Be Due To Just Plain Refusing To Speak?
Disciplining a special needs child
Three year old with good speech, now sometimes making up own words, especially names.
What toys tend to be a child&#39;s favorite, and why?
How do I teach my toddler not to abuse animals?
will their constant car honking will affect my baby&#39;s(4 MONTHS) development and hearing?
What should my collgeaue do to stop her 20 year old son from smoking?
Physical affection around young children from previous relationship
help with 4 year old passing gas all the time
Receiving a new visitor who has autism
What are the risks of posting baby pictures online?
Are second-hand shoes safe to wear?
What qualities should one look for when choosing picture books for young children?
What are some good strategies for preventing Diaper Rash?
Why does my son (5) suddenly provoke me although everything seemed to be perfect before?
How much direction does a preschooler need while doing crafts?
How do I reduce the time my child spends playing computer games?
14 month old...head shaking and hitting self...should I be worried?
How to stop preschooler from taking toiletries from the bathroom to &quot;play with&quot;?
How to soothe a 4 1/2 month old during our night time sleep routine?
What CMS for parenting purpose?
Is orange juice (or vitamin C) a stimulant?
ADD Children and writing - tips, tricks?
How to help kids remember to keep track of their own stuff and keep it together when not at home
Guided Meditation for Children
Is it okay for an infant to sleep 10-12 hours at night?
How do you establish good sleeping habits after dealing with colic?
How do I prepare my home for the arrival of my premature baby?
Teaching K and G sounds
Should I keep hairy pets when my wife is going to give birth?
How to ensure that necessary things get done when time is short?
Kids Website, is it a good idea?
How to share embarassing story to another adult while your child is around?
Son has stopped his normal bedtime
What age should I encourage my kids to start working and earn his/her money?
How do we choose when to start kindergarten?
What should I look for in a new car (automobile)?
How can I pick my son up from daycare without a struggle?
How can I help my child handle peer pressure regarding television?
Should I supplement children&#39;s education at home?
How do I deal with my pre-schooler&#39;s over tired behavior after school?
Are similar-sounding names a good choice for siblings?
No BM control; what does this mean for training?
How can I encourage my 4 month old to roll over from tummy to back?
Need suggestions on how to deal with my 11yo in school
How can I brush my toddlers&#39; teeth when he won&#39;t let me?
Is it harmful to a child&#39;s social development to tell them &quot;don&#39;t talk to strangers&quot;?
What are the basic items we should buy to receive our new baby?
How strict can I be with my niece?
Media Examples of Kind, Connected, Present, Engaged etc Father?
What is the best strategy for adjusting an toddler&#39;s sleep cycle during Daylight Savings?
Is 3 years old too late to start learning a 2nd language natively?
How does a parent help her kid eliminate a habit? Specifically chewing on hair?
What to do when the pinky is the only way to soothe a newborn?
Introducing a newborn to my 2 yr old
Should my wife pump after feeding to &quot;top her off?&quot;
Is it okay to let a baby cry at bedtime?
How do you handle a toddler that refuses to say &#39;sorry&#39;?
Lost child contact card ideas needed
How do we teach our 1 yr. old that &quot;no&quot; isn&#39;t a game?
How should we prepare for a parent-teacher consultation in preschool?
At what age is it appropriate to start to teach a foreign language / second language - and how to do it?
How do you operate a successful &quot;Star Chart&quot;?
Are there any good suggestions for a soon to be mom about breastfeeding?
When the new baby arrives how do you help the oldest sibling adjust?
What are the best approaches to dealing with 3-year-old&#39;s copying of older sibling&#39;s illness symptoms?
How can we help our 7 year old learn to stop rushing through school work?
Getting a good diagnosis for possible mental issues?
What is the best way to calmly respond to a pre-schooler who will not listen?
How do you say &quot;not now&quot;?
Being good or not at playing with kids
What consequences are appropriate for pre-teens?
How does a parent that does not know a basic life skill make sure their child obtains that skill?
How to teach bike riding with a balance bike
Math Encouragement Activities
Are there any rules of thumb on fitting cloth diapers with snaps?
Children: restriction vs. freedom
How can I get my kids to spend wisely?
How will an infant sleep best on vacation?
How do you ensure proper nutrition for a child in a vegetarian or vegan household?
When should I introduce different foods to an infant or toddler?
How can we comfort a child after the loss of her pet?
What are some suggestions for punishing a child?
How does one &quot;Toddler-proof&quot; hotels while away from home?
Why has my infant suddenly changed her sleep patterns? Is she teething?
What can be done when a child cuts his or her hair?
What do you do when a relative heaps presents on her children at Christmas and Your kid&#39;s pile always looks paltry in comparison?
Embarrassing experience with my nephew; Should I tell his parents?
How do I explain the difference in responsibilities and privileges between the oldest and youngest child?
3 Year Old suddenly doesn&#39;t want to sleep
At what age do kids usually begin taking showers instead of baths?
How to help my newborn pass gas
How to deal with a &quot;litter bug&quot;
Is it better to get an infant car seat or a convertible?
When I should, and should not use manual pump for breast feeding?
How to deal with incessant talking?
What are some fatherhood insights?
At what age should I enroll my child in dental and vision plans?
What are some age-appropriate tasks that my pre-schooler can do around the house?
How can I encourage my toddler to walk and not be carried?
When can I cover my baby with a blanket in her crib?
Should a parent tell their child that father christmas is not real?
What are some good places to find trustworthy babysitters?
Should I let my 5 year old watch the news?
What are the Different Homeschooling Styles?
How to teach children the difference between pets and vermin?
Is it alright to use corporal punishment on children?
Is it cruel to deny laughing gas for a teen getting a tooth filled?
Should we freeze some breastmilk for later use even if there&#39;s no excess supply?
Is there any scientific evidence in favor of co-sleeping with children?
How do you teach a child religious views?
How can I encourage my 4.5 year old daughter to eat without needing tons of time along with play?
Toddler: How to remove &quot;over&quot; attachment for Mom?
Why not let a toddler share a bedroom with a baby?
How do you discuss a controversial history topic with a child?
What should we pack when going camping with an infant?
How does having a second child change your life?
Should I forbid my 10 month old boy to touch/play with anything that is harmful/dirty?
Do baby massages improve motor skills and emotional development?
When should you start brushing your child&#39;s teeth?
What size schoolbag is good for a first-grader?
Are employers required to accomodate pumping mothers?
How and when can you teach a child to use an &quot;indoor voice&quot;?
Good resource for what is safe to eat and when
Feeding &amp; sleeping
How to set appropriate height for a baby saucer?
How to react to &quot;cruelty&quot; of a toddler?
Any suggestions on how to control yelling and negativity on our part, and also teach my 8 yr old son to not feel so helpless and cry so easily?
How to quell toddler&#39;s fear in time of emergency?
What games are good to play with teens in the car?
Is the Rosetta software a good tool for teaching a toddler foreign languages?
Encouraging my 2-year-old to play independently
How to promote individual play for a toddler?
How to deal with a child in an &quot;I can&#39;t&quot; phase?
How can I make my travel schedule easier on my 5-year old?
How can I help my pre-schooler be more confident and assertive in competitive play situations?
What are guidelines for parents to use in giving advice/guidance to older teens?
Programming with a baby
How do you respond to minor injuries?
Is it ever okay to tell a kid you disagree with their parents?
What can be done to help bright children stuck in a boring school?
How do you effectively disinfect a large amount of toys?
How do you find great reading material for a child whose reading ability is far outstripped by his/her comprehension?
Tandem nursing make my wife condition becoming worse
Should schools instruct parents how to behave on the school run?
How can you teach a toddler about pain without actually inflicting any in return?
What elements make a parenting book good?
Should we worry about my toddler accidentally banging his head against the sides of the crib?
Resources for helping children understand that TV/Films aren&#39;t necessarily &quot;real&quot;
How do you teach morals and values in non-religious households?
Encouraging friendship with same-age children
What are good things to look for in formulas for newborns who need to supplement?
Is it better to send your child to school with lunch, or lunch money?
Is it ok for my baby to sleep in his swing?
How to get son to stop chewing upper lip?
How to raise a child between agnostic parent and believer relatives?
What are the proper precaution for using cow&#39;s milk to feed babies?
To medicate or not to medicate?
How Much Hallowe&#39;en Candy?
Sleeping routines and mother-father differences
Arguments for/against same birthday for siblings?
Should I try and prevent my child from becoming like me (in some aspects)?
How do I discipline my 4 year old for not playing with schoolmates?
Attention-promoting activities for a toddler
Retrain toddler to potty?
How can we make the most of Parent-Teacher consultations?
Toddler always get close to the TV, might it point on bad eye sight?
How do you know when it is time to take a child to the Doctor?
What is the best way to give medicine to baby?
What to do when parents disagree regarding their parenting
How do you keep up with a toddler?
Does teaching your child sign language improve his emotional health?
Can you detect peanut allergies in babies from kissing on the cheek?
How young is too young to take a child overseas?
How do you respond to a toddler who insists on having you do their activities for them?
Techniques for teaching children from the start about how to read advertising?
How much pressure should I put on my kids to learn?
Using experience as a reason for correctness
Signs a child is &quot;over scheduled&quot;?
How do you get a primary schooler to continue doing chores when their friends don&#39;t have to?
How strict should we be with our 14 month old boy?
In what ways can you help a child develop self-control and delayed or deferred gratification?
How to encourage toddler to not throw food?
My baby is having cough and making wheezing sound
How and when might I start teaching the language of music?
Is it bad if I push my daughter into playing sports?
Is it wrong to ask a foster child about his history?
Moving with our bilingual child
How much upright time is acceptable for a newborn?
Is there an alternative to Boy/Girl Scouts in the US?
How can I avoid ugly arguments with my wife?
What are the (dis)advantages of putting a child in a nursery or pre-school even when one parent is at home?
How do I teach my child the virtue of not quitting?
What does it mean to &quot;say a few words&quot;?
Carbon Monoxide
Is a fetus&#39;s level of activity a good way to predict their personality?
When should kids get a cellphone?
Are most half-day pre-school programs for stay-at-home parents, or are there options?
How do you respond to a teenager who declares that he isn&#39;t interested in college?
Is long-term punishment effective for children under 5?
What works to get a distracted nurser to eat during the day?
Should I expose them to cartoons of the past?
Should the nanny quit when the parents don&#39;t care about their dangerous children?
How long a time limit should we set on meals for 6yr old very slow eater?
Is it safe to use a microwave sterilizer to sterilize BPA-free baby bottles?
Co-sleeping with a crawler
Check pregnancy
how do i stop my two year old from staying awake for 3-4 hours in the night?
How should a parent react when their child comes out of the closet to them?
What are the significant risks of taking children on a Caribbean cruise?
