What can I do when my Nikon D5200 gives an SD card error with every card?
Is stop bath necessary for black and white prints?
Is there any point in photographing directly to black &amp; white?
How to fix Albinar 7000 Tilt on Tripod Head?
Where can I find photos with EXIF data online for learning purposes?
Canon EOS T2i 35-55 mm lens. Won&#39;t autofocus
Why am I am seeing rings (banding) instead of smooth graduation in my sunrise pictures?
Canon EOS SL1 - Manual focus stopped working
Do powdered chemicals expire?
What kind of &#39;guerrilla&#39; background / backdrop is being used in Felipe Dana&#39;s Cracklands portraits?
Why does the same f-number mean same amount of light?
Why don&#39;t they make all DSLRs with an electronic shutter?
Does sensor size affect lens distortion?
What tool can visualize metadata from many photos on a Mac?
Can Minolta Macro be used on a digital body?
Can two computers running Photoshop Elements 13 share the same catalog?
Is the Canon 7D compatible with all EF and EF-S lenses?
Can&#39;t move images in a selection (normal selection, not a smart collection) in Lightroom 5 every once in a while
What factors determine the size of focus step done with remote shooting?
How to do 1 or more photos per second without jitter using a Canon 7D?
Nikon D5100 flash doesn&#39;t work
Will the Yongnuo YN560III flash work with Olympus E500?
How to obtain the fisheye model from blender
What filter is best for mid-day beach photography?
What effect does a UV filter provide?
Are 2 megapixels enough for HD resolution pictures?
Does the Eyefi X2 Pro transfer files point-to-point in &quot;private network&quot; mode?
Alternative to EOS Remote app for 6D?
Aperture - unreferenced image - how to relocate it
Very dark violet on black - what kind of damage is that?
Can a regular SATA SSD be used with a camera taking CFast cards?
What is the heaviest micro 4/3 lens?
How can I get a circular star trail effect?
Nikon d7000 is taking duplicate pictures
Marathon &amp; Sports Event Photographers: Are they freelance or agency/company-related?
Why is there a mechanical shutter in a digital camera?
How significant is 3% additional sRGB coverage in a monitor for photographic work?
How to do Continuous Printing
How to best filter away high ISO noise in Gimp?
Where can I get a replacement case for my Nikon SB400 flash?
How do I calibrate two displays to the same color? (LCD, LED backlight and CCFL backlight)
Nikon 16-85 VR focus noise problem?
Why is only Nikon not readily available in airport duty free shops?
Why does my Nikon D3100 display &#39;File contains no image&#39;?
Why aren&#39;t electronic shutters used everywhere?
What&#39;s the best way to get constructive critique of your photographs?
How to take upright grave stones without squatting down?
Lack of sharpness: is it me, or my zoom lens?
What is the maximum weight a micro 4/3 lens mount can support without a tripod collar?
How can I get correct focus when taking a self portrait with a DSLR?
Do bigger focal lengths capture more light?
Can I use a Yongnuo RF-603II to fire a remote flash with my dSLR?
What Yongnuo wireless triggers work together?
How to do time-lapse photography without intervalometer using Nikon D3300?
Becoming a Photographer
Canon speedlites not firing when in Live View
What setups work to trigger a Profoto B1 and Canon 600EX-RT Speedlights together from canon body
What photo sharing sites allow frequent re-uploading from Lightroom in the background?
Can the YN-E3-RT be used, mounted on top of the YN-622C?
Raw vs Jpeg for non-professional use
What are the options for a good photo / RAW browser + editor for mac?
How do I add lens correction for my model+lens to Lensfun in Darktable?
How can I calculate what the effect of an extension tube will be?
Is there a reason for raw over jpeg if you have your lighting figured out?
How to correct photos which were overexposed at the edges only?
Printing Profile Targets Using ColorSync Utility in Mac OS X Yosemite (10.10)
How can I achieve consistent skin tones in my photographs?
How to get more clarity and less shadow when photographing jewelry?
will a Canon GP-E2 show up as a usb drive on a chromebook so I can back up the log files?
What are good schemes for storing photo equipment at home?
Need suggestions on a good RAW Viewer
Nikon Coolpix 885 not saving to new 8gb memory card
What are the possible reasons my Pentax K-r malfunctions when using flash?
Nikon D5100 “Press Shutter Release Button Again” error, but fixing itself after left alone for a while
50mm stuck on the body
How can I best use a (high end) point and shoot camera to take great photos in bars and clubs?
Pentax K-r: how do I turn off multiple exposure?
Why is my Nikon D300S changing shutter speeds between shots?
How do I measure the correlated color temperature of a light source with a DSLR without a gray card?
What is the cause of black bars on a photo of AMOLED display?
Should I buy an original manufacturer battery, or is a generic brand OK?
Generic battery advice for Sony&#39;s NP-FW50
&quot;Press Shutter Release Button Again&quot; Error on Nikon D40x DLSR
What is the importance of the back focal length of a lens?
Are there recent entry-level/prosumer DSLR cameras that can use/are compatible with high quality older manual lenses?
How to precisely focus in self-portraiture with very wide aperture?
Colour matching with Photoshop and Canon IP7250
Sharpest lens on Nikon FX body
Is there a lens adapter for Canon lenses to Nikon mount
How can I properly take advantage of this equipment?
Is there good free software for editing Canon RAW files?
My D750 is shooting fuzzy video - anybody know why?
Am I experiencing field distortion while astro photographing when stars on the edges give trails?
What to do when my DSLR&#39;s shutter suddenly sounds different and there&#39;s a black line across the top of my photos?
How to open a raw file in Camera Raw full size rather than cropped to in-camera aspect ratio?
Is there a way to improve continuous drive speed on my EOS-M?
Can I use old filters from SLR film cameras on newer DSLR cameras?
What causes darker areas on a still from a video stream when moving light source has passed through the image just before it has been taken?
How can I know the focal length and sensor size of my webcam?
Why do SLRs and DSLRs use different flash gels?
What can I do when my Nikon D5200 gives an SD card error with every card?
Is stop bath necessary for black and white prints?
Is there any point in photographing directly to black &amp; white?
How to fix Albinar 7000 Tilt on Tripod Head?
Where can I find photos with EXIF data online for learning purposes?
Canon EOS T2i 35-55 mm lens. Won&#39;t autofocus
Why am I am seeing rings (banding) instead of smooth graduation in my sunrise pictures?
Canon EOS SL1 - Manual focus stopped working
Do powdered chemicals expire?
What kind of &#39;guerrilla&#39; background / backdrop is being used in Felipe Dana&#39;s Cracklands portraits?
Why does the same f-number mean same amount of light?
Why don&#39;t they make all DSLRs with an electronic shutter?
Does sensor size affect lens distortion?
What tool can visualize metadata from many photos on a Mac?
Can Minolta Macro be used on a digital body?
Can two computers running Photoshop Elements 13 share the same catalog?
Is the Canon 7D compatible with all EF and EF-S lenses?
Can&#39;t move images in a selection (normal selection, not a smart collection) in Lightroom 5 every once in a while
What factors determine the size of focus step done with remote shooting?
How to do 1 or more photos per second without jitter using a Canon 7D?
Nikon D5100 flash doesn&#39;t work
Will the Yongnuo YN560III flash work with Olympus E500?
How to obtain the fisheye model from blender
What filter is best for mid-day beach photography?
What effect does a UV filter provide?
Are 2 megapixels enough for HD resolution pictures?
Does the Eyefi X2 Pro transfer files point-to-point in &quot;private network&quot; mode?
Alternative to EOS Remote app for 6D?
Aperture - unreferenced image - how to relocate it
Very dark violet on black - what kind of damage is that?
Can a regular SATA SSD be used with a camera taking CFast cards?
What is the heaviest micro 4/3 lens?
How can I get a circular star trail effect?
Nikon d7000 is taking duplicate pictures
Marathon &amp; Sports Event Photographers: Are they freelance or agency/company-related?
Why is there a mechanical shutter in a digital camera?
How significant is 3% additional sRGB coverage in a monitor for photographic work?
How to do Continuous Printing
How to best filter away high ISO noise in Gimp?
Where can I get a replacement case for my Nikon SB400 flash?
How do I calibrate two displays to the same color? (LCD, LED backlight and CCFL backlight)
Nikon 16-85 VR focus noise problem?
Why is only Nikon not readily available in airport duty free shops?
Why does my Nikon D3100 display &#39;File contains no image&#39;?
Why aren&#39;t electronic shutters used everywhere?
What&#39;s the best way to get constructive critique of your photographs?
How to take upright grave stones without squatting down?
Lack of sharpness: is it me, or my zoom lens?
What is the maximum weight a micro 4/3 lens mount can support without a tripod collar?
How can I get correct focus when taking a self portrait with a DSLR?
Do bigger focal lengths capture more light?
Can I use a Yongnuo RF-603II to fire a remote flash with my dSLR?
What Yongnuo wireless triggers work together?
How to do time-lapse photography without intervalometer using Nikon D3300?
Becoming a Photographer
Canon speedlites not firing when in Live View
What setups work to trigger a Profoto B1 and Canon 600EX-RT Speedlights together from canon body
What photo sharing sites allow frequent re-uploading from Lightroom in the background?
Can the YN-E3-RT be used, mounted on top of the YN-622C?
Raw vs Jpeg for non-professional use
What are the options for a good photo / RAW browser + editor for mac?
How do I add lens correction for my model+lens to Lensfun in Darktable?
How can I calculate what the effect of an extension tube will be?
Is there a reason for raw over jpeg if you have your lighting figured out?
How to correct photos which were overexposed at the edges only?
Printing Profile Targets Using ColorSync Utility in Mac OS X Yosemite (10.10)
How can I achieve consistent skin tones in my photographs?
How to get more clarity and less shadow when photographing jewelry?
will a Canon GP-E2 show up as a usb drive on a chromebook so I can back up the log files?
What are good schemes for storing photo equipment at home?
Need suggestions on a good RAW Viewer
Nikon Coolpix 885 not saving to new 8gb memory card
What are the possible reasons my Pentax K-r malfunctions when using flash?
Nikon D5100 “Press Shutter Release Button Again” error, but fixing itself after left alone for a while
50mm stuck on the body
How can I best use a (high end) point and shoot camera to take great photos in bars and clubs?
Pentax K-r: how do I turn off multiple exposure?
Why is my Nikon D300S changing shutter speeds between shots?
How do I measure the correlated color temperature of a light source with a DSLR without a gray card?
What is the cause of black bars on a photo of AMOLED display?
Should I buy an original manufacturer battery, or is a generic brand OK?
Generic battery advice for Sony&#39;s NP-FW50
&quot;Press Shutter Release Button Again&quot; Error on Nikon D40x DLSR
What is the importance of the back focal length of a lens?
Are there recent entry-level/prosumer DSLR cameras that can use/are compatible with high quality older manual lenses?
How to precisely focus in self-portraiture with very wide aperture?
Colour matching with Photoshop and Canon IP7250
Sharpest lens on Nikon FX body
Is there a lens adapter for Canon lenses to Nikon mount
How can I properly take advantage of this equipment?
Is there good free software for editing Canon RAW files?
My D750 is shooting fuzzy video - anybody know why?
Am I experiencing field distortion while astro photographing when stars on the edges give trails?
What to do when my DSLR&#39;s shutter suddenly sounds different and there&#39;s a black line across the top of my photos?
How to open a raw file in Camera Raw full size rather than cropped to in-camera aspect ratio?
Is there a way to improve continuous drive speed on my EOS-M?
Can I use old filters from SLR film cameras on newer DSLR cameras?
What causes darker areas on a still from a video stream when moving light source has passed through the image just before it has been taken?
How can I know the focal length and sensor size of my webcam?
Why do SLRs and DSLRs use different flash gels?
Why do superzoom designs keep expanding on the telephoto rather than wide-angle end?
Lenses and Filters: what do the terms Coating, Multi-Coating and Nano-Coating mean?
Can I fix inaccurate (sticky!) shutter speed on Canon FTb?
Is there a Fuji X10 raw converter for Linux?
How can a super tiny iPhone 6 Plus lens produce significant DOF?
What is bokeh, exactly?
Does getVerticalViewAngle() give actual Camera Angle Field Of View(CAFOV) value?
Is it normal for the left pin on the Nikon SB-910’s 3-pin external power source terminal to be deeply recessed?
Nightlife/holiday help?
What is the relationship between ARW delta compression and dynamic range?
Converting RAW images to lossless jpeg using GIMP?
How can I calculate settings for manual flash to reduce trial and error?
Keeping a T3i on all afternoon and taking pictures with a computer
Should I put UV filter to protect the lens even if I put a lens hood?
How can I fix Err 01 with a film-era Sigma lens on a Canon DSLR?
How do I adjust exposure recovery in the new Apple Photos?
How do I clear up or unblur mysterious pics and videos that show up in my galleries?
How do I select all pixels that match an exact color value in Adobe Photoshop?
What is this &quot;rainbow&quot; effect?
Are there for-fee private photo editing services?
What might prevent a Yongnuo MC-36R remote controller from triggering a Canon 7D wirelessly?
What Micro-Four Thirds prime lenses produce pleasing bokeh?
Why does changing the aperture cause lag in live view and in videos?
Why do copies of the same photo have slightly different file sizes?
How do I prepare for my first event shoot (large corporate gathering) tomorrow?
When to use what panorama projection?
Will I be able to mount hood over my UV filter?
How should I clean my focusing screen?
How can I convert images taken for a panorama as a hexagonal prism into an equirectangular image?
How are &quot;Little Planet&quot; photos created?
How do I make cubemaps with Hugin?
Why do RAW images look worse than JPEGs in editing programs?
Are there any strobes with sustained (but still sub-second) duration?
How risky is removing the Hot Mirror Filter (IR Filter) from a DSLR&#39;s sensor?
Do focal plane shutters typically go left-right or up-down?
What photo storage &amp; backup service will maintain my original filing system?
Is Magic Lantern giving incorrect shutter counts on my Canon 500D?
Can the Sigma 2x teleconverter be hacked so it will work with the Sigma 50-500mm?
How to enable Canon AF with teleconverter?
How to do focus stacking with Sony A7?
How can I achieve this effect where photos have a &quot;bluish&quot; theme with highly dramatic colors?
Self-timer on Canon 5d Mark III?
Is there no crossover point where shutter speed overtakes flash duration?
Group sharing photos without registration?
What&#39;s the easiest and safest way to sell photo gear?
Convert MTS 1080/60p to MP4 1080/60p
What&#39;s the best place and way to sell a used camera?
What is a way to identify objects in this photo?
Is it a good workflow to do separate raw processing on different parts of an image?
Is it safe to charge a Coolpix S9900 with an Anker 60W USB charger?
Does cross-processing transparency film accomplish anything for relatively conventional photography?
How can I do a bulk search to see if any of my photographs are used online without my permission?
Why are there no full-frame lenses with leaf shutters?
Lenses round ..Photographs square shaped why?
Is the Pentax FluCard noticably slower than a typical class-10 SDHC card?
How does a circular lens produce rectangular shots?
Nikon D3300 - Trouble Focusing on Birds both Stationary &amp; Moving
My 300mm lens doesn&#39;t focus. How do I know if it is broken?
How to prevent zoom-creep?
Is it typical to experience zoom creep with the Canon EF 24-105mm F/4 L IS USM?
Nikon D5100 Producing Corrupt Images
Is a Photoshop CC psd file backwards compatible to CS2?
Can over-turning the focus ring break the lens?
Body Only or Body+18-135 STM?
Are D-Lightning and in scene mode effects applied when shooting in RAW mode
Nikon D3000 70-300 Nikon lens - How to get lens converter off the lens?
How can I fix a Nikon DX 18-135mm with an aperture stuck open?
What&#39;s the name of this effect / how can i mimic this? (photo editing question)
Old Yashica Flash with Nikon D3200
The frame counter of my Nikon FA (analog) is broken. How to activate the light measurement regardless?
Do the DSLRKIT PT-08XT triggers work with a Vivitar 283 flash and a Sony NEX 6?
Can I get HSS with off-camera Canon 430EX II speedlites, radio triggers, and a Sony A7?
Pictures start in focus then go out of focus?
How to correct partial overpolarisation in sky?
How can I do astrophotography with my 70-300mm lens?
Is there a time limit for bulb mode (generally)?
Why are the tops of people&#39;s bodies missing from this photo taken with a tablet from a moving car?
Can I connect my Canon Rebel T3i to laptop to keep the battery charged while making a timelapse?
Can anyone suggest books/resources on the artistic side of photography?
How to get longer than 8 second exposure on a Nikon coolpix p520?
How would you set up a long-exposure shot from the computer?
70-300 or 70-200mm lens?
Can anyone reproduce the white/gold vs. blue/black dress&#39;s binary perception effect with a totally different subject?
Is there a name for this broken glass effect?
Does Lightroom or a RAW format store the original rotation of an photo?
How do I stop my Nikon D40 from blurring when the flash is off?
How much does it cost to replace a DSLR shutter?
Excluding nested keywords from smart collection
What does a dynamic range difference of 2.7 EV really represent?
What can I do when autofocus suddenly starts blocking at around 2m on a Nikkor AF-S 28-70mm 1:2.8 D?
Why does Nikon D3100 makes occasionallly noise and viewfinder shifts when pressing shutter button
Is it worth buying cheap lens attachments for my camera?
How to choose a gaffer&#39;s tape?
How can I tether a camera programmatically?
How can I take a macro shot without a macro lens?
Best way to get into cheap macro?
720p with 30fps on a Canon SL1
LR Mobile Sync Only Starred/Picked Photos in Collections
Nikon D5100 takes photo of black square
Why would my Tamron lens auto focus stop working?
85mm fast prime vs 70-200mm 2.8 for indoor fashion studio shoots
Color issue: studio images have a pink hue
What is the licence on the photo used in this &quot;Deep Space Image&quot; question?
How to remove label adhesive from used lenses?
Nikon 300mm autofocus makes noise and stops working temporarily
Moon with a foreground
D3200 &quot;Lighting is Poor; Flash Recommended&quot; with 35mm f1.8DX lens on Manual
Scrum photo technique
Who is the photographer of this black and white photo of two female nudes standing over a pile of clothes?
Batch saving images with reduced colors
Can I use vintage lenses on Nikon D3200
Nikon D5300 wifi password
Why there is more shutter lag when using live-preview as compared to viewfinder?
How to achieve this colored-haze effect in Lightroom?
What is the Nyquist Limit and what is its significance to photographers?
Low budget entry level Speedlite?
Do I always get the same colours when I set the white balance correctly?
LightRoom 5 Export looks different to the Develop screen
Prints are too dark when printing from computer, but not from sd card
Are there any drawbacks to putting good glass on a cheap body?
How do I configure my Nikon D3300 so technical info doesn&#39;t pop up after every shot?
How do I find the focal length that will fit a poster in the frame from across the room?
Comparing a6000 to a7 photos on Flickr
Any known issues when using Google Drive with Lightroom 5 (Catalog &amp; photos) on two computer?
Will any non-AF lens work on a Nikon camera with built in AF already in the camera body?
Enable TIFF compression in Canon Digital Photo Professional 4
Can I get a Yongnuo YN622C to trigger a Nissin Di700 in hss?
Camera body with autofocus
Is there any information on Fuji X Wifi protocol
How can I strip tags from a JPEG without removing the color profile?
Why do modern DSLRs support JPEG but not lossless formats other than RAW?
Are the 50mm f/1.8 and 75-300mm zoom good lens choices beyond the kit lens for a Rebel T1i?
How do I get back to shooting mode with the D5100?
How can I geotag images with location data in a CSV file?
blurred background effect with my canon eos 70d with 18-55 mm lens
Can I get Yongnuo YN622C to trigger Novatron M500 strobes?
How can I set up an off camera flash using the reading from the light meter?
Nikon D5100: should I avoid the firmware update if I want to use 3rd party batteries?
How do I get this look in my photos
Is it possible to export metadata, including facial tags, from Windows Live Photo Gallery to iPhoto?
Why would you have a light meter chose your aperture for you?
How to accurately calculate size in image using relations and a reference
How can a Gossen Sixtomat light meter work without electricity?
What is a light meter, how do I use one, and for what sort of digital photography do I need one?
Why do I meter under the chin with a lightmeter?
Do I need a $600 light meter or will a $250 one do?
How do dedicated light meters account for light transmittance?
What is the device held near the subject&#39;s face in this picture?
How does Saturation in Lightroom work?
In OSX, why don&#39;t my Panasonic and Olympus DNG files have thumbnail icons?
How to verify\calibrate a light meter?
Lightmeter not changing values after adjusted flash power?
How to select a light meter?
Why use a dedicated light meter instead of the one built into the camera?
How do I read the shutter speed from my light meter?
Technique to manually set aperture and focus for a low light scene during normally lit time of day?
How do I stack two photos in Photoshop to reduce noise?
Where do you find the inspiration for your photographs?
How do I create this kind of soft and blueish look in Photoshop?
Deep Sky Photography with telescope without Tracking
Can I fix the large pink mark which appears on all photos with light background from my Canon Powershot ELPH?
First prime lens for newbie Canon 600D?
How can I find the film speed and type of unmarked, exposed120 film?
Canon Rebel XS will not take pictures in AF mode
How do I get my Canon 60D to recognize a Yongnuo YN-560 III flash?
Gain Factors and Dynamic Ranges of Digital Cameras
How to programmatically determine as-shot ColorTemp from NEF (RAW) file?
What is the real world impact of the lossy compression used for NEF RAW files in some Nikon cameras?
Why won&#39;t my Quantaray teleconverter, which fits my EOS3, mount on my Canon 60D?
PS Elements vs Lightroom for image management
Need help saving pics on Nikon D3200
Printing on Hahnem&#252;hle Photo Rag 308 and 500 gsm with Canon PIXMA PRO-100
What causes this strange Posterization when changing to B&amp;W?
How to stack photos in Capture One like Aperture?
Can Tamron 16-300mm lens fit on a Canon 700D?
How to capture detail of craters on the moon?
Sony MIS hot shoe splitter / MIS pass through RF transceivers
Why are the Curiosity pictures shown tilted?
Which cameras were used prior to Apollo 11?
Can Tamron 16-300mm Macro Lens fit to Canon EOS 600D?
While stacking filters, can polarizing filter be placed behind ND filters?
Can changing metering mode change focus?
How do I permanently set continuous mode on the Nikon D5100?
How can I use my Minolta 3500xi flash with my Sony A camera?
Is the Vivitar SF 4000 flash compatible with my dSLR?
What is causing the bright flare on all of my images?
What are the pros and cons of using macro rail vs lens focus?
Any help on suitable milkyway lenses
What is a parfocal lens and how beneficial is it to photography?
How do I prevent white box(es) (face detection) from showing up on my Canon EOS 60D?
Does a filter exist to color-correct color negatives when copying them with a DSLR?
Why does my lens refocus when the f-stop is changed?
What happened to Foveon sensors?
What is the effect of changing the Aperture
Canon 5D - Focus viewfinder indicators in Manual focus mode
5D Autofocus - disable tracking after lock?
How to take a picture at the same time everyday?
What is the difference between Project, Album and Folder in Aperture 3?
Identify app used for Instagram effect
How do I create emphasis with a single color in a B&amp;W image?
Lightroom - How Do I find Photos that are Missing Copyright Metadata?
Bubble Effect on image (Photoshop or online)
Why is Lightroom 5 not rendering what I see in every other JPG viewer?
Where can I get replacement parts for a Mamiya RB67 film back?
What lightweight telephoto lens are available for Nikon bodies?
How can I get tack-sharp portraits with the focus perfectly on my subject&#39;s eye?
Why does BRIGHT red in direct sun come out orange?
Does a photographer take pictures or make pictures?
Tips for photographing a wedding
How do I photograph a landscape with a solar eclipse where the sun is not the main subject?
How can I compute the FOV of a light field captured by a Lytro camera?
What flash triggers can remotely set the mode and power on multiple flashes?
Is there a special term for cameras that use standard, replaceable batteries?
How do I zoom in during image playback on a Nikon D3300?
How to fix shutter problem with Magic Lantern on a Canon EOS M?
How fast does a sensor cool down sufficiently after a long exposure?
What software can show my most frequently used focal length?
What is the best way to photograph iridescent glitter?
What type of lens mount is this Som Berthiot?
Is it worth getting a zoom lens which overlaps with lenses I already have?
What Yongnuo flash and trigger works with the Panasonic GH4
Better to buy an older high-level camera or newer entry-level camera?
MacHood Cinema Display Hood in US?
Lightroom - Vivid faces effect
How to achieve a flash image with a very bright, almost-whited-out subject and dark background?
How to apply the Rule of Thirds with people?
Help wanted re using Spyder2express calibrator with Windows 8
How can I find my own style?
zoom lens for Baseball games
Will a key light, a back light, and white reflector as fill achieve a white background for portrait photography?
Why change to open-aperture metering when this causes the need to stop-down for old lenses
Recommended focal length for a fashion shoot
how to capture snowflakes like this
Does a flash work well with regular alkaline batteries?
Tips for shooting a longer exposure in a car?
What are the pros and cons when shooting in RAW vs JPEG?
Achieving Bokeh using Aperture vs Focus Point
How should I approach people to take their portrait?
How can I get my camera to focus on water dropping?
Street photography tips?
Save soft proof preview to file
What can I expect for battery life from my Nikon D5100?
Nikon 50mm 1.8g vs 1.8d?
How to ask a subject(person) to photograph them?
What is a good focal length for street photography?
How can I get this &quot;brushed background&quot; but clear subject effect by manipulating film negatives?
How to prepare a photo to use as a web site background
One-way sync from Linux to Flickr
Promaster Flash Module TTL on a Modern Canon DSLR
What is the best long-term storage for a film camera?
What kind of lenses will work with my new Nikon DSLR?
Copy as DNG from lightroom to lightroom
What is this soft curved brushstroke-like effect?
How to achieve this smudge effect in photoshop?
How can I get a 12ft wide field of view at 3ft distance?
What lens do I need to take a decent picture of a graduation ceremony from football-field seating?
How to shoot a reflection in a ball bearing without appearing in it?
&quot;Getting Started with Lightroom Mobile&quot; popup disappears before I can click on it!
How much zoom does a lens need to have before we call it a superzoom lens?
Why are fixed-aperture lenses not more popular?
Why eye-controlled focus is gone?
Re create existing filter from example
How to change aperture in manual mode on an entry-level Nikon SLR?
What is a &quot;pseudo mannequin&quot;?
Why do lens manufacturers produce lenses with few aperture blades?
Can I repair a Nikon D90 LCD screen that has moisture in it?
Are there any really silent but good DSLR cameras?
What my PPI should be set at for others to download my photos?
What is the better material choice for a gorillapod? Metal or plastic?
GPS location information does not seem to be recognised by Lightroom 5.7.1
Will using a DX lens on an FX Body compromise ISO performance?
How do I create Lightroom smart collection containing all virtual copies?
How are compact system (mirrorless) cameras typically charged?
Photo upload problem from my camera (Nikon d3200) to my PC (Windows 8.1)
Shopping system for event photography
What&#39;s the best equipment to use for off-camera fill-flash on location?
What does the built-in AE Chip for Nikon do on a Rokinon lens?
How can I further decrease the exposure in a studio environment?
Add an orientation mark to a polarizing filter&#39;s rotating ring
What does &quot;R&quot; mean in Fujifilm&#39;s XF Fujinon lens names?
My Canon PowerShot SX500 IS won&#39;t turn on
Why do light sources appear as stars sometimes?
What&#39;s the difference between using a 50mm f/1.8G and a 50mm f/1.8D with a Nikon D80?
How to nail focus for DSLR astrophotography?
What needs to be considered when purchasing an enlarger?
Can Lightroom facilitate the consolidation of 2 external drives to a third?
How can I use tethering software together with a wireless trigger for my Nikon D5100?
How can I effectively change the background of a portrait in Photoshop?
What settings should i put my Canon 1200D on to photograph the moon?
Hi everyone, DAY time long exposure
How can I correctly adjust skin color in Photoshop when I have a color vision deficiency?
Do different lenses affect noise level?
How can I add a border to a JPEG photo without affecting quality?
What is the difference between levels, curves and contrast settings in post processing?
What can I do to improve the sharpness from my Canon 60D for stock photography?
Flickr uploader (sync) for Windows 8
Can I change firmware from canon to nikon in a Metz Mecablitz 44 AF-1 digital?
Ideas for Daily Exercises to Improve Photography Technique
Canon 1000D and sigma ef-610 flash issues
What camera-lens combination should be preferred for shooting models and art gallery?
Why is my Nikon D5100&#39;s screen flickering while auto focusing under a streetlight in live view?
Can a smaller sensor&#39;s &quot;crop factor&quot; be used to calculate the exact increase in depth of field?
What Singh Ray filter combo should I use for very long exposure coastline and landscape photos?
Can&#39;t control settings on Nikon D3100 - Shutter speed, ISO, Aperture
DSLR with bar/qr code scanner untethered!
How does &quot;designed for APS-C&quot; affect focal length?
Calculating the field of view for a Nexus 5
What are the options for a damaged zoom lens?
What&#39;s the full frame equvialance of this phone lens?
Does the size of blower matter to clean the sensor of the camera?
Why do Canon EF and EF-S lenses exhibit the same crop factor?
Do I need a specific type of lens to work with my Canon T3i, or will any lens work?
Windows Canon Raw Codec
automatically change my aperture for my lens sigma 24-70 f:2.8
What do all those cryptic number and letter codes in a lens name mean?
Color calibration red color cast
What makes the Zeiss Otus 1.4/55 so special?
What makes a Carl Zeiss lens so special in a smartphone?
Sony Cybershot LCD screen replacement, inverted colors
White background - overexposed subject
i think there problem my nikon VR kit lens (18-55)
Fujifilm S1: Manual focus does nothing?
What type of camera do I need to take reasonable photos across a swimming pool?
At what shutter speed threshold does a tripod start to matter?
Why are these black dots / spots appearing in my pictures?
Photos Imported into Aperture Aren&#39;t Showing Up
Post Processing for Gritty Street Images
How can I light an Indian wedding without spoiling the decor or blocking the view with stands and gear?
How can I fix a &quot;Cannot communicate with battery&quot; error on Canon 7D?
Standards or widespread guidelines for updating of Exif or other metadata when modifying photos or other images?
How to disassemble a lens assembly?
What corrections does MS Camera Codec Pack apply?
How to auto-trim solar eclipse photos?
Best focusing techniques with sony a7r
How can I set the aperture in A mode with a D lens on my Nikon D90?
Color Temperature, Contrast, Brightness, and Saturation
Attaching a bridge camera to a telescope (62mm filter piece to a T-ring)
What order to use range extending tubes in and the effect on aperture
GoPro 4 or Canon for photos of northern lights?
Plate Screw with load-bearing eye
Is it possible to trigger a Canon 600 EX-RT with a Fuji&#39;s on-camera flash?
How do I get my EOS M to release the shutter with an adapted manual lens?
How do I use filters that came with my mirror lens?
How to film a eclipse of the sun with a phone cam?
How to photograph a total sun eclipse?
Nikon D60: Autofocus of two AF-S lenses not working anymore after using another lens
Significance of shutter speed?
protection for contributing to stock images
Time lapse of solar eclipse?
Why does my point and shoot camera lose the date/time when I turn it off?
Lightroom on external HHD and used on two computers with Mobile
How can I achieve a color grading like in this photo?
What are the downsides of converting FD(n) lenses to EF mount?
Can I photograph a solar eclipse using a 10-stop Big Stopper (+ extra ND?)
What full-size tripods are shortest when folded?
Is there a standard vocabulary for posing?
Will any EF-lens fit on a EOS film camera?
How to soften harsh shadows during post processing?
Is there any way to change settings of my Nikon D5200 through my smart phone?
How to keep a photograph from getting smaller when rotating it 90 degrees?
Nikon D3100 &amp; sync cord for Novatron Lights
What flash slaves can be used with a Canon Speedlite 600EX-RT?
X-Rite i1 Display Pro - settings for a notebook
Pano Pro versus Gigapan for panoramic photos?
Can anyone identify the silver rangefinder-style camera in this advertisement?
How to recover deleted Lightroom files?
How can one correct intensity flicker due to AC line frequency?
Lightroom colour issue with secondary monitor
What is the performance of a mirrorless system camera compared to DSLR in dim light?
Is there an easy way to export images in their original state in Lightroom?
How weatherproof is an average modern lens?
What might cause horizontal artifacts in Lightroom after import?
Why does a bright video feed send more data than a dark one?
Can I use old Minolta AF lenses on my new Canon?
How does ground glass work when focussing?
What is the best way to micro-adjust a camera body to a particular lens?
What are these blue/purple spots visible underneath the front element of my lens?
How can I make dark images stand out when displayed on a website with a dark background?
Is the Canon 1D-X camera&#39;s slight angle of rotation stored in the metadata?
What free raw processing programs can use ColorChecker DCP profiles?
Why won&#39;t my Yongnuo YN468-II fire on a Canon Rebel 2000 (when it works on other cameras)?
How can I photograph only light from my IR source even in the presence of other light?
I have a bag of white powder, I know it&#39;s either D-76 developer or fixer. How can I determine which one it is?
How can I convert a photo to a fixed palette with pre-defined weighted color proportions?
How can I target a specific size in megabytes when saving a JPEG in Photoshop?
How to photograph oil and pastel art works with Nikon D800?
What will I lose by switching from FX to DX mode (with an FX lens)?
Firing a TTL on-camera flash and manual off-camera flashes via radio triggers
For the same attainable sensitivity, how does DOF depend on sensor size?
What is the difference between cheaper and more expensive ND filters?
Can I use rear curtain sync in bulb mode?
Legal: do I need releases for a photo booth at a public event?
How can I make a non-PRO Eye-fi transfer RAW files?
Can the Yongnuo YN622C &amp; YN622C TX be used with the Alien Bees B800?
How many EV will a softbox knock down off your flash?
Can I use a Getty Images photo of me?
Why doesn&#39;t a drastic change in aperture seem to have an effect on this city skyline photo?
How much of a difference is there saving as RAW over JPEG?
Why is my zoom lens blurry at focal range past 100mm?
What does the &quot;paper folded slightly up&quot; symbol mean in Lightroom?
Pro9000 Mark II desaturation problems
How can I reduce noise at ISO 100 in photos taken in the twilight?
is there an online site/group that shares RAW/16 bit TIFF files?
Can anything be done to reduce the shutter sound on my SLR?
How can I improve a landscape photo with deep shadows in post-production?
How to reduce the file size of my photos (to under 15 MB)?
State of the art in black and white printing
Is there a medium format film scanner that has an automatic feed
What does the Basic Highlights adjustment do, and what if I want more than &quot;100&quot;?
Yongnuo YN-468 II — how can I turn off the beeps?
Tablet for use with Lightroom 5
Apertures required to enable autofocus on Rebel T6s/T6i in Live View?
Why do some photos show entirely black when exporting a 1080p slideshow from iPhoto?
Why are my tone mapped images turning purple?
Can I use Canon lenses on a Nikon dSLR?
How can I recreate the Instagram Filter &quot;Slumber&quot;?
What techniques do you employ to control contrast in your landscape shots?
Which Low light zoom lens with image stabilization for DSLR
An online service to create &quot;photo stacks&quot;?
Pros and cons of cheap studio strobes vs. hotshoe/speedlight flash for portraits?
What tele-extender can I use with a Tamron 18-270mm lens on a Canon Rebel?
Wide Angle Lens recommendation for canon 70D (cropped sensor camera)
What is the difference between image processing and image editing?
How can I take photographs which best show scratches on the surface of metal?
Do photographers see ambiguity in the color of the blue/black (gold/white) dress?
Canon 60D with SanDisk 32GB microSDHC Class 10 = Card Error
How to achieve sharp focus on two subjects in a portrait with low depth of field?
comparable price of flash guns for canon 60 compared to 400-500w strobes
I have a canon 7d Markii, how to set insignia remote
set manual focus distance
Do I need a better Camera or do I need to learn how to use the one I have?
Suggestions required for pairing Canon 430EX II with an ideal Yongnuo speedlite (2 light setup)
How can I get maximum DoF with no distance markers?
Is it possible to share albums privately on Flickr?
How do I avoid getting different sized pupils when shading half of the model&#39;s face?
Are Nikon DSLR sensors actually better than Canon&#39;s?
Is it worth buying a 5D Mark I or an EOS 1Ds II today?
EyeFi doesn&#39;t support CF cards. Are there any alternatives that do?
Canon - EOS 1DS Mark II
Focal length of Leica lenses with Metabones adapter
How can I take an extended timelapse with my GoPro given the short battery life?
What battery can I use for an old Canon Ex EE (PX625 vs PX625A)?
How can I get started with a first flash gun?
How do modern or recent film SLRs compare to vintage models?
How can I save money on shooting, developing, and printing 35mm film?
How can the aperture value written in Exif be larger than the nominal limit of the lens?
What is lomography?
Which one is better olympus omd em 10 or Sony alpha 6000
How to improve the low-light image quality of my Canon 350d?
Is the build-quality of the Canon 60D as good as the 40D?
Why don&#39;t we focus at the nearest hyperfocal distance to get everything in focus?
What are the effects of umbrella size?
Anyone know of a photo sharing site willing to share ONLY a file link?
Focusing on hyperfocal distance with Nikkor 35mm f/1.8G prime lens
Is camera flash actually harmful to infants or newborns?
Nikon 50mm f1.8D will autofocus, but not take photo with Nikon Df body
Jpeg images are zoomed and ORF files are not in Lightroom 5
Recommendations for Wireless Flash Triggers?
What are the benefits or disadvantages of a prime wide-angle lens for landscape photography?
Are there any good pancake lenses for Canon EOS DSLRs?
What do resolution figures mean in lens specifications?
What underwater strap keeps my equipment safe and usable?
What image quality is lost when re-saving a JPEG image in MS Paint?
Why are my 14-bit RAW files being saved as 8-bit on my computer?
What extender can I use with the Canon TS 24mm?
Unsharp mask - what do the parameters do?
Best Unsharp Mask settings after resizing photos for imagemagick
How would an experienced photographer have taken this shot of a man selling old stuff in a city market?
Why do images get &quot;corrupted&quot;?
Canon 5d Mark III: how to switch off the silent shooting mode in the Live View mode?
Why won&#39;t my D3100 take flash pictures even when focused?
All the things that I did wrong with this shot
What kind of lens is typically used for these type of night street shots?
Is image stabilization a necessary feature for wide angle lenses?
How can I colorize my astrophotography?
18-200 lens vs. 18-55, 55-250 and 17-300 for sale, what would be the benefits of one of these vs what I have?
Which lens should I use for fashion photography with a Nikon D5200?
Is B&amp;W paper optimized for colour negatives available today?
Can I use generic flash tubes for studio strobes?
Super-resolution photos by interactive focus stacking and image stitching?
How do photo files get damaged?
Is there a teleconverter to go between Sony Alpha A77 D and Tamron 70-200 f2.8 (with Sony mount)?
How can I find a compact camera with an ultra-wide lens?
Importing Flickr tags into Lightroom as keywords
How do prime lens allow variance of focal length when focusing?
Is there a way to replicate the look of Allen-Khondji Midnight in Paris and To Rome With Love?
How to calculate the focal length of cell phone cameras when none of the required parameters are available?
How do I separate a stuck Nikon 400mm f/2.8 AF-S (non-VR) lens from a D800E body?
How to make Liveview mode in Canon 450D stop simulating exposure?
What should I look for in a wireless flash trigger for a home studio?
Creating a master photo archive - importing photos and detecting duplicates
Is there a radio flash control system for Olympus that allows setting flash power from the camera?
Is the angle of view actually different on APS-C?
Is it better to shoot with a higher ISO, or use lower ISO and raise the exposure in post-processing?
Cokin Z Pro filter holder causes vignetting at 18 mm on Nikkon 18-35. Any solutions?
Photography: Set ISO higher or use software edit later?
What causes this weird angled glowing blur around lights on my low light shots?
Why can&#39;t DSLR cameras use internal memory to save photos?
Can I store exposed film in the fridge (when it was stored before shooting, too)?
Where or how to get exposed, developed colour film to use as a filter for infrared photography?
Why do I get dark horizontal lines (stripes or bands) in bad lighting with my Fuji X-T1?
What is the best way to store negatives from the 1940s and &#39;50s?
Where is the serial number located on the Yongnuo YN-568EX II?
Will a Vivitar lens work with my Nikon camera?
How can I set a shutter speed slower than 30s on my Nikon D5200?
How to avoid glare problems with insert-your-photo portfolio books?
Mamiya M645 Super not focusing right
Is there a setting for the adjustment brush in Lightroom that makes the &quot;edit pins&quot; disappear?
What software shows the most accurate version of a photograph for web viewing?
How can I upload photos rejected as corrupted to Blurb Books?
Is it lenses which make your photographs, not camera bodies?
What are the differences between different types of focusing screens?
How can I automatically correct aerial perspective in landscape photographs?
How to best photograph clothes for ecommerce?
Night pictures lights superimposed to a second location?
Is it normal for a fast prime to exhibit purple fringing in middle of the image?
Is it possible to do non-destructive JPG color correction?
Lightroom: How to apply a predefined set of keywords to 1+ images in one action
Which is better to use : Mirror or totally reflecting prism?
How can I improve my clothing photography with a limited budget?
Nikon D610 problems with over and under exposure
How do I get regular people to relax and not to overprepare having their portrait taken?
How to best take top down pictures of things organized neatly?
How can I take a picture of the moon as part of a night landscape?
Why are my NEF photos unusually dark in RawTherapee?
How would IR-assisted white balancing work?
When shooting one-on-one with a subject, what are some tips and tricks to get into a &quot;photoshoot&quot; mood?
Rodenstock XR-Heligon 50mm 0.75 Lens
How to read a film color response chart?
Canon RC-6 remote control not working with Canon 550D
Can I swap cheap ink into my printer for documents and expensive ink in for photo prints?
Why do large format cameras seem to keep vertical lines vertical rather than converging?
Why store both JPEG and raw?
Does the crop factor affect the field of view (FOV)?
What lens for catalog-quality photos of long guns?
Should I worry about a camera I am interested in &quot;winning&quot; on Snapsort?
What are the effects of using a crop lens with a full frame sensor?
How to take extremely long (multiple month) exposure photos?
How does physical aperture size relate to f/stop?
Without modification, is the built-in pop-up flash EVER appropriate?
How do I make the Fuji X-T1 not take a picture when I connect an external audio source?
Are there any adapters for using EF lenses on FD mount?
How much do lens lineups vary across DSLR platforms?
What makes the Nikon 1 series different from Nikon&#39;s existing DSLRs?
Tele-zoom lens choices for Nikon 1 J1?
Should my collection of older Pentax lenses be a deciding factor in my first DSLR purchase?
What are the connectors like on a &quot;standard light stand&quot;?
How can I accurately photograph an empty picture frame?
Can I use an off-camera Canon 90 EX to trigger a Canon 430 EX II?
What&#39;s the generic term for portable flashes (Speedlites, Speedlights etc)?
Is there a quick way to use &quot;remote trigger&quot; drive mode on the Nikon D7100?
Can the Canon EF-M camera use the focus by wire lenses?
What software is available for macro focus stacking?
Advice for someone just entering the world of off-camera flash?
Is there a specific color temperature to film?
Can I take the 4 second photo delay off my Canon 600D?
How do the 35mm Zeiss Loxia vs Sony Zeiss Sonnar compare for IQ for landscapes?
Why does fungus form in lenses, and how to get rid of it?
How can I position my marquee from the bottom left of my image?
What are the best methods you have found for attaching filters to unthreaded lens tubes?
Are L-plates and anti-twist plates only made for the Arca Swiss QR system?
Is it more cost-effective to build a home studio piecemeal or buy a lighting kit?
What are the key photography-related features from Photoshop that are missing in GIMP?
Would it be better to use hotshoe flashes or studio lights for a product shoot?
Firing master flash with Yongnuo RF-603 II
F-mount to EOS adapter from Nikon to Canon
How to remaster images from an early digital camera?
Hot shoe flash units and softboxes for portraits; good beginner setup?
Concerns with glass slides vs glassless
Should I use JPG or TIFF for high-quality prints?
How to change Shutter Speed and Aperture on Canon T2i?
Are the Yongnuo clones of canon flash equipment and lenses legal to sell/buy?
Can the Olympus EPL3 camera be tethered to a computer?
Should I Always Crop My To-Be-Printed Photos to a 4:3 Ratio?
Does the internal structure of an umbrella-type softbox impact light quality?
Are small on-flash softboxes useful, or a gimmick?
How can I bring out the texture and sheen on a model&#39;s clothing?
How can I unlock my manual focus ring?
How to remove white spots from a scanned picture?
Manfrotto flex arm: heavy duty or regular?
What is this yellow mark I get on dark photos?
Preparing/using a camera color profile using IT8 target on Linux/Darktable
How to remove oil from aperture blades?
What adapter lens would fit my Nikon D5100 55-300mm lens?
what is the virtue of lightroom&#39;s print module?
Actual Focal Length on APS-C cameras
Susan Sontag&#39;s &quot;On photography&quot; - Where can I find concise summaries of the 5 articles/essays?
How can I easily convert a large number of pictures from RAW to scaled down JPG?
What is a &quot;diffraction limit&quot;?
Does noise in images depend upon &quot;Megapixels&quot; or &quot;ISO&quot;?
What is color temperature and how does it affect my photography?
Odd couple photos
What do I need to know about using a polarizing filter at night?
Where does the term &quot;f-stop&quot; come from?
how do I Auto Focus Nikon 55-300mm f/4.5-5.6G ED VR AF-S DX Nikkor to my nikon d7000
Why does storing a long exposure photo take almost as long as the exposure time itself?
Slow image review after long exposure shot
How to re-organise an existing Lightroom library?
Inconsistent exposure with same settings--why?
Why does the Fujifilm X30 limit shutter speed limit in aperture priority mode?
What type of lens can I add to my webcam for closeups 5-20cm away?
Why are objects far away inverted through a lens but not through the viewfinder?
Can I adapt a Minolta AF-mount Tamron zoom lens for use on a Canon or Nikon DSLR?
Which is the correct filter size for Canon SX30 IS?
Does shrinking the upscaled picture improve its quality (in terms of blur)?
Memory speed on Sony camera
Why is my SD card filling up too fast?
How to fix uneven/gradient lighting on a canvas with white background?
Is Canon 16-35/4 IS better than 16-35/2.8 II at f/4?
How to determine if a new lens is a subpar copy?
What is the purpose of gamma correction in today&#39;s screens and how does it relate to graphics and photography?
Capturing steam coming out of a cup in a snowy day
Why does my Canon 550D make a small sound while focusing?
How did Suren Manvelyan create the macro pictures of eyes?
Why does harsh light give darker shadows?
Which filter would I use for daytime lightning long exposure?
How does using a teleconverter affect the aperture of a lens?
How do I hide unflattering body features in a low key shot with rim lighting?
How to select &quot;white point&quot; before calibrating a monitor with Spyder3
What can I use to shift a tripod mount to the side for easier access to the battery compartment?
What is the &quot;best&quot; photography tripod for taking panorama pictures?
Yongnuo YN565ex flash, what is the SL option for?
What are the differences between Canon and Tamron 70-200mm f/2.8 zoom lenses?
What is a rolling shutter? When do I have to be aware of it?
Nikon D3100 taking black images. Stuck shutter?
position of the object within a photography
What is a good photograph
migrate from Lightroom 3 to Lightroom 5: publish services
How does dragging the shutter work?
Is it possible to modify a camera by changing cmos sensor?
Interior/architecture lighting solutions?
Does the brand of the micro SD adapter matter?
Is it worth to buy old Sigma lens instead of Nikkor?
any reason not to disassemble old lens for kids experiments?
What should I look for in a wide angle lens?
Why are Micro Four Thirds lenses so expensive compared to Canon?
What third party flashes can be remotely controlled from an Olympus?
E-mount lenses to A-mount bodies?
How can I remove the hair on the sensor from this picture?
How to transfer all my photos from my Canon camera to my iPad&#160;mini in wi-fi?
How can I get non-blurry photos of a wriggly baby with a point-and-shoot camera?
Should film cameras be stored with a cocked shutter or not?
What tools are available for RAW image processing in Linux?
Can I take macro photo with a mirrorless camera as easily as with a compact camera (even without a macro lens)?
How could some old film cameras without electronics set exposure?
Aperture like event view in Lightroom 5
Does chromatic aberration always have the colours displaced in the same way or does it depend on the lens?
newbie just got a d3200
Was there a film camera that was silent?
Is the fact that in-camera HDR was used available in EXIF metadata?
Recognize dry areas by separating diffuse and specular reflections
Why does the YN-565EX need a radio trigger with the YN-560-TX?
How to Mount Pentax K-Mount on Canon
How to match colors on photographs stitched together?
Can I trigger my flash with an iPhone?
How do I identify the lens mount for this old lens which says &quot;for Canon&quot;?
What Nikon cameras is a Sigma AF-k lens compatible with?
How do I deal with a lens stuck on a Nikon D90?
Is the effect of a fisheye lens visible in an optical viewfinder or Live View?
How can I convert a timestamp in Lightroom&#39;s .lrprev files to an actual date?
Memory card is not showing all data
What should I expect in maintenance costs after shutter failure for a DSLR?
Can I damage the focus system by turning the focus ring when the lens isn&#39;t mounted?
Is there a &quot;special look&quot; to images from large sensors that can&#39;t be replicated with a smaller one?
How do mask like this using Photoshop?
How To take a bulb mode shot in dark night
Why is my ISO so high when shooting indoor photos with flash
Using motorized lense on a motorized Nikon body
How do I identify the lens mount used for an old Soligor lens?
What is the difference between AI Focus and AI Servo autofocus modes?
How strong is the tripod mount on the bottom of a DSLR?
What vintage mechanical camera looks like the Fuji x20?
Why do my photos appear grainy when taken at the widest aperture?
What is the best practice for batch compressing jpeg files?
What modifiers and workflow should I use to light a hand-painted muslin background?
How do I use an exposure of 1 minute or longer, on the Sony NEX-5R?
How can I incrementally date photos?
can you remove a hair on the image sensor in light room?
Artifacts in shadows, RAW format
What insurance options are available for rental lenses?
is there a quick fix to a broken shutter?
How do the two styles of tripod mount strap connectors compare?
Can a laser pointer damage the sensor in a digital camera?
RAF (Fujifilm RAW) preview on a Mac
New to digital photography - should I buy a D300?
Is an 18-200mm lens sufficient for an Alaska trip?
Has anyone used Canon EF lenses on Sony mirrorless cameras?
How can I edit the capture date in Nikon raw file
What is a remote shutter release?
How can I batch crop based on face location?
Camera tips for Smartphones
How do you downsample an image in Photoshop CS6?
What is &quot;infinity focus&quot;?
How to remove dust from inside lens and prevent recurrence
Can I sync my iPhone to an external strobe / flash?
Can a detached rewind crank on a Superheadz UWS leave my film accidentally exposed?
Canon 750d very slow focus speed
Get HDR for part of a image
Is there a problem with capture date in Nikon P340?
Can a telephoto lens have a wide field of view?
Nikkor AF 70-300mm &quot;Lens Not Attached&quot; Error
How can I blur the background of an image using Capture One Pro?
How does focal length change perspective?
Black spot in image of Panasonic Lumix ZX3
&quot;Lens not attached&quot; appearing whenever I try to use my Nikkor 70-300mm?
Where can I print a panorama?
Nikon D3200 - protection against snow, cold and rain, and how well does it work in -20/-30C? No tripod!
Do I get more detail from a shorter focal length by being physically closer?
Nikon D3200 image quality compared to D3300?
How good are the EF-mount to E-mount adapters?
Is the weird red and yellow patch near the center of my photo chromatic aberration?
What&#39;s the difference between wedding album print types?
Is it possible to use a flash for modern DSLR on an older film camera?
Why isn&#39;t it safe to use EF-S lenses on fullframe?
Why is the battery required to manually focus through the viewfinder?
Emulate Gimp&#39;s Grain Merge in Photoshop
Trying to fix flash from the 70&#39;s/80&#39;s AGFATRONIC 200B
Nikon D3200 - quality loss with stock lens and with old lenses?
Cokin Z-Pro ND filters with Tokina 11-16mm lens
Macro/Telescopic converters for Nikon D3200&#39;s 18-55mm VR2 lens?
Live view from my laptop
How should i go about optimizing images?
What is the native color gamut of a modern digital sensor?
Does every frame of video (or live view) on a DSLR count as a shutter actuation?
Adding flash makes picture darker. Why?
How to configure the camera to capture true colors of ambient light?
Can the Canon 5D Mark II be set to save exposure settings on auto power off?
So why does Canon 5D Mark II have a better video quality than Canon 60D?
Why are there no dark yellows, or bright violets?
Canon EOS700D Flash: Why are exposure times different in modes P and Av if all settings are &quot;equal&quot;
Could I use an old Canon FD lens on a new Canon EOS M3?
Which lenses can use with my Sony A-mount body when using mount-adapters and what are the disadvantages of such adapters?
Actuation count
Large DOF in low light for portrait in front of a landscape?
What&#39;s the advantage of an expensive industrial camera over a consumer device for microscopy?
How can I make the flash fire when it is connected with a cord?
Buy Canon 6D or wait?
What good DIY projects (which involve a digital camera) do you know?
How much do I charge for the first time wedding photo shoot?
Suggestions for Desktop Archiving Software using Blu-Ray disc
What is the purpose of &quot;A-DEP&quot; mode on Canon cameras?
How can I fix my Canon rebel XT?
Low-light photography: How much light reflects off a surface
Will an always-on ring light provide a less annoying option than flash for portraits during events?
What is the difference between a step-up and a step-down ring?
How to print a photo for backlit presentation?
Nikon D3100 Won&#39;t Take Photo -- says light is too low
Is video a good alternative to low available light photography?
Can screw-on macro lenses produce decent results?
Can screw-in wide angle adapters/converters produce decent quality results?
Why can&#39;t I view a picture preview on Windows 7?
What&#39;s the difference between Canon EF-S and EF-M?
What publicly-accessible high-elevation photography-locations exist in New York City?
How to brighten the face of a backlit subject
What&#39;s the difference between Time-lapse, Hyperlapse and Flow Motion?
What&#39;s the maximum length of USB cable that you can use for tethering?
What is a focus limiter?
Charging similar battery packs in a charger intended for only one of them appears to work; Are there non-obvious reasons for not doing this?
Where to get IKEA Premiar sized canvas prints for the same rate?
Nikon 18-55 mm Lens Focus Wheel Jammed
Minolta x370s low range led blinks in all light conditions
How to get Manual Control of my iPhone 4
Nikon D7000 and Nikkor 28 2.8 is not working together
Can I take multiple exposure shots with my Canon 600D?
How do I copy published services to a new lightroom catalog?
Do TTL flashes always &quot;count&quot; as a single pre-flash?
What is a zone plate?
How do I know if a tiny lens crack is a manufacturer fault?
.CR2 pictures damaged and corrupted
is it possible to get &quot;bokeh balls&quot; using a cellphone camera?
Is the model release form per shoot or per subject?
Can I use old Pentax lenses on newer Pentax DSLRs?
Does stacking more lens filters decrease overall image quality?
Why does the exif data show a max aperture 1.6 when I am using a f/1.8 lens?
NIght photography and long exposures with film
What am I photographing INSIDE my camera?
Does the Nikon EH-5a AC Adapter also charge the battery
How to pause a batch operation in photoshop to allow for user interaction?
What equipment/ Which settings required for a 400 person group photo?
Can the Panasonic GH4 remotely fire a Canon Speedlight 320EX?
How do I sell my photos at art festivals?
Why am I getting dark black photos in P, S, and A mode on Nikon D5200?
How to clean an old metal newspaper photo engraved plate?
How to insert a new picture beside existing one without also making it black and white?
Canon Rebel EOS XTi: USB not connecting when using external power
Camera for high volume automated shooting of product pictures
What software can replace Apple Aperture?
Who was the first to introduce a beauty dish?
How can I get multiple different images on one page in Lightroom&#39;s custom print layouts?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of compact cameras vs phone cameras?
Why does my camera insist that my Nikon 50mm f1.8 be locked at its lowest aperture setting?
Digital Photography Plugin List
What Photoshop plugins are must haves?
Should I buy a compact, SLR, or DSLR camera?
Is there a disadvantage to step-up rings?
How do I improve the quality of lowlight back-lit bottle photographs with a point and shoot camera?
How do I get a decent zoom lens for my Micro 4/3 camera?
Why does a speedlite not fire when taking a still during movie mode?
What software should I use for converting fisheye photos to normal rectilinear photos?
Which is a better way to store your photos? RAW or TIFF?
How do I use a card formatted as exfat by my Canon 6D in Linux?
Performance of large libraries
How do I calculate the distance of an object in a photo?
Why is &quot;fine art&quot; photography predominantly in B&amp;W?
Import photos from camera in an ordered way
What kind of LR or PS filters are used in these photos?
How can I take long exposures using a Nikon D7000 with wireless remote?
Do focusing screens exist for modern DSLRs?
How can I best take a tripod on a plane trip?
median stack mode is blurring my stars
Sigma lens adoptor to Nikon camera
Why do cameras have mirror system?
Why does the IR-Assist beam of Canon Speedlites not get used in AI Servo AF mode?
External power for compact camera?
Nikon D3200 Android USB control
How can I detect upscaled photos?
Why is the neck strap of an SLR attached to the top plate of the body?
Explanation of the fisheye phenomenon
Why is my Metz 58 AF-1 flash showing low battery when fresh batteries are being used?
Controlling style of motion blur in long exposure photos?
How can I simply remove the fish-eye effect of my DJI Phantom vision 2 lens?
How do you take pictures in a dark room?
Nikon D90 error F---
Are there still two classes of Canon IXUS/Powershot/IXY/ELPH around?
What *exactly* is white balance?
Remotely start recording on 60D with Yongnuo RF-602&#39;s
What causes white blank images when shooting with a Canon PowerShot A4050?
Does a JPEG image uncompressed to bitmap prior to displaying it on the screen
Where to find information on Olympus SZ-17?
How to drain Nikon DSLR battery?
How do you attach asset tags to camera equipment?
How to understand a quote for the correct exposure when shooting ColorChecker?
Using a 4K Monitor for photo editing
Is there any alternative of &#39;Animoto&#39; for making movies from images?
What to look for in a starter-level off-camera flash?
Suggestions for photographers / videographers to best work together at the same event?
Get Canon 17-55mm f/2.8 to replace 35mm Prime?
Sharing Lightroom Catalog
How do I work out what is fair to pay for photo editing?
Is it possible for increased ISO to improve focusing in low light?
What are the lighting characteristics of a beauty dish?
What is the most compact camera/lens setup with movements?
Why do my photos &quot;glow&quot;?
how to use a speedlight flash in dark room
What can I use instead of a human to practice shooting with flash?
Is Cowboystudio 4 channel remote trigger compatible with Canon 60d?
&quot;Shooting was interrupted, Sweep faster&quot; error when taking a panorama on Fujifilm FinePix S9400W
Is it possible to add an aperture ring on Nikon G Lenses?
matching artificial light temperature to ambient light?
Is Yongnuo RF 603NII N3 compatible with YN-565EX II Flash Unit without using slave in flash unit
Methods for dithering a DSLR
Trying to light my set better: Help?
How to Take out some lines and shadows in the background by photoshop?
noticeable improvment with 70-200 f4 (non is) vs kit lens (18-135 is) and 70-300 (is, non L)?
Windows 7 how to switch through monitor ICC profiles and see instant change
Is there an easy way to convert all my photos from .NEF to .JPG for upload to Facebook?
Are there cheap or DIY focus assist solutions for the Canon 5D?
Grinding an RRS plate to fit new body
What software or workflow can I use to keep track of who is who at events?
If I&#39;m editing in Photoshop, is there any advantage to using Camera Raw directly rather than Lightroom first?
Where can I find the maximum lens weight for my camera?
Are DSLRs a dying breed, making now the time to switch to a mirrorless camera system?
Too heavy a lens?
Increasing Pixels
What is the effect of repeated sensor cleaning on the battery?
If I have an 85mm lens for portraits, is a 50mm useful as well?
How can I shoot with a fast aperture in sunlight?
Batch processing in Lightroom without import
What is it called when two images from different locations are blended seamlessly into one?
Best Neck Strap
What is this format? PNG unreadable by browser
Batch exporting files from DNG to jpg
What&#39;s the point of a DSLR?
Image quality - related to camera or not? Blurry, artificially sharpened images
Could the Nikon V1 be a good camera for sports photography?
Why did Canon come up with APS-H and why did the top-of-the-line 1D&#39;s *still* use it and 1.3x crop, when FF existed for four years (the 5D)?
What workflow will speed up sorting photos stored on a NAS in OS X finder before import into Lightroom?
What are the metal items on top of an older Nikon lens?
What is Arbitrary Release Time Lag?
Canon 5D MKIII - how to view the photos of the full card?
Fitting all pictures in a square canvas
Remove GPS Location
What software should I use to batch cropping images from paper notes?
Is it possible to create an inside-out panorama?
Can I convert a standard collection to a smart collection in Lightroom?
What is the distinction between a professional and amateur photographer?
Is it possible to photograph the aura of a person?
What are the risks of using Magic Lantern?
Shooting flying birds
D5200 LCD monitor failure
What type of lens is more suitable for this type of portrait shot on railroad tracks?
Why don&#39;t cameras support JPEG 2000 format?
What apertures are required to enable autofocus, including cross-type or high-precision focusing, on Canon DSLR cameras?
Does the camera white balance setting affect the raw image at all?
What is the difference between Canvera and Karizma wedding albums?
Why isn&#39;t my Canon 60D saving images to SD with pics taken using swivel screen/viewer?
Why doesnt the Photoshop CC Save for web action not close the save dialog?
Canon EOS 1V HS doesn&#39;t fire Canon EX430 ii or PocketWizard
How much flare should I expect with a Hoya HMC Filter?
What camera can I use as a high-resolution macro video recorder?
Is a 70-300 lens something you would get in addition to a 85 mm lens?
What to label digital prints made from scanned negatives in an exhibit?
Why are some webcam lenses &quot;recessed&quot;?
How to solve change in front and back focus at different diaphragms?
Does making a focus area smaller in spot metering help with focusing?
Why do I see no photos on my film?
Why is DSLR autofocus much faster than Mirrorless autofocus?
Toyo Optics wide angle lens okay for X S I?
Calculating DIY lens hood
Do mobile cameras ever vary f stops?
How to remove fog while shooting and during post-processing?
What&#39;s the difference between Bokeh and Gaussian Blur?
In what practical applications is the position of the sensor plane relevant?
What is the name of the Canon SX60 HS Wireless Protocol?
Mechanical Aperture Control Adapter for my Nikkor lenses
How can I use a reflector for wider group shots?
Will two lights plus octaboxes be a good starter setup for portrait photography, or can I get away with one umbrella?
How do I make my photos look like these soft, yet sharp and colorful examples (using Lightroom)?
Is there any reason to choose a standard size SDXC over Micro SDXC?
I&#39;ve &#39;lost&#39; a photo. I know I have it but I don&#39;t know where — how can I find it?
Is there any point in using automatic sensor cleaning on my DSLR even if I never remove the lens?
What are the 5 basic lighting setups used in studio portrait photography?
Where can I buy a 77mm 12 - 15 stop ND filter at a reasonable price.
Best approach to handle flash with my film camera?
SD cards - I keep receiving a message saying there&#39;s a problem with my SD card, but it&#39;s brand new!
Why does my generic Chinese intervalometer stop short of selected number of frames?
Nikon d5100 producing extremely underexposed images
How does the Minolta AF 24 mm f2.8 compare to the Sigma AF 24mm F2.8?
Is there any difference between cropping an image in ACR vs. Photoshop Elements editor?
Is a Pentax K1000 relevant today, and how can I get the best use of it?
(How) should I start with film photography?
What is Lightroom *really* doing when I change a Camera Calibration?
Lightroom 5 colour profile issue
Lightroom: create smart collection for specific development setting value?
Enable Auto focus after timer on Nikon D800?
Can I live view my Nikon D3200 via laptop/ tablet etc?
Why do I get white images with black vertical stripes?
Digikam RAW import: Preview
Adjust exposure compensation in manual mode?
What does CHA mean on Nikon D-90?
How to remove external flash stuck on camera body?
Will a 50mm EF lens give the same result as a 50mm EF-S lens?
If I swallowed my SD Card would it be readable when it emerged?
How to remove write protection from MicroSD
Nikon D5200 Auto-Focus problems though working with live-view
Why does my Nikon D5100 suddenly have a 30-60 seconds delay before auto focus starts working?
What is the EF 28 - 105 mm 1: 3.5-4.5 lens best for?
How can I remove banding noise from this image?
How can I replicate the style of images produced by an old Finepix digital camera?
can i transform my manual focus lens into an autofocus lens?
What are the advantages of using the optical viewfinder over live preview to take photos on a DSLR?
How to create a secondary black &amp; white batch and preserve original color batch in Lightroom
Whatever happened to dust?
How to get started with strobes?
Should I upgrade my body or lens first?
Canon 1000D shutter stuck. How to fix?
my wedding photos were a gift but now she wants to put them all over the internet
Photoshop multiple color filters
EOS-1N (Film SLR) - Set aperture with modern EF lenses?
What color corrections are being used here?
What is the shutter speed, aperture, and focal length of the Kodak Funsaver disposable camera?
Is something wrong with my camera display?
What process can I use to print my picture so edges are embossed and can be felt?
How to sync EXIF data and date information from iPhoto to Flickr
How can I find the sensor position on my camera?
Does Lightroom automatically save the date of printing events, or just the date a print is saved?
Why don&#39;t comparisons of aperture take sensor size into account?
Is it possible to do remote capture on a Canon DSLR?
Is resolution the same thing as active pixel count?
Should i spend on upgrading my Beginner Camera or go for a new Lens instead?
What are the (dis)advantages of the Canon 600EX-RT compared to the 430EX and 580EX?
Are there any radio flash triggers capable of P-TTL?
Very small quick-release?
Panasonic GH3 bulb setting without remote?
How can I keep the shutter open until I release with the Panasonic GH3 remote?
F1.0 and beyond
camera mobile phone takes pictures at constant focal length if 3.5 mm.supposed to have autofocus and touchfocus
Is there a self-timer mode on the GoPro Hero 3+?
how to control my 5D mark II using my computer
Test the Stability of a Tripod?
Why doesn&#39;t exposure change when changing focal length?
How does a stitched panorama compare with a wide-angle lens?
How to achieve auto focusing with a non-TTL flash (YN-560 II) in low light situation?
Calculate Distance to Object in Android knowing the Size, Focal Length
Identify a photo filter or a post-processing technique
How do I set the proper exposure for nighttime moon photos?
Is there a rule for something like &quot;footroom&quot;?
Where is my DOF button in 550D?
How do I blur the background around an object in post-production?
how to achieve this washed out processing effect
How to use Hugin straight line control points?
What is the difference between touch focus and autofocus?
Technology stack for event photography with multiple photographers
ND filters set Recommendation for Lee/Cokin Z-Pro Holder
Are there softboxes that will work both with portable speedlights and and with studio flashes (Bowens Gemini 400RX)?
Is there a more affordable program than Lightroom?
How does autofocus deal with the time to change aperture and raise mirror?
What&#39;s the difference between CCD and CMOS image sensors?
How were photographs printed in newspapers in 1929?
Comparison of DOF between a 30mm f/1.4 and a 35mm f/2 lens
What deep sky objects can be photographed without a telescope?
Canon 50mm f1.4 no longer focuses reliably
Lightroom synchronize finding all photos as new photos
Does focal length matter for a macro lense when use for close-up photos
Why isn&#39;t the size of an object in macro image exactly proportional to the ratio of the focal length and distance in front of that?
How does one take intriguing, artistic shots of older, smaller, historic buildings?
Does Lightroom take sensor size into account when applying lens correction profiles?
How do I keep my Nikon D5100 from attempting to autofocus with every shutter press?
What are some tips to keep a lens from rolling on its side when kept horizontally on a table?
Nikon D300 Slow Shutter Regardless of Shutter Speed
How can I open CR2 files with Photoshop CS4&#39;s ACR?
Android camera application that allows earbud mic clicker to snap pictures?
Tips for Shooting Crowds, Political Demonstrations, Rallies and other &#39;Lively&#39; Events
My Nikon D3100 says no lens attached when I use a T-Mount with it
What can I do with an 18-55 mm kit lens?
Lens Adapters For Point and Shoot Cameras?
How can I get proper flash exposure in AV mode without using ETTL?
Do all my speedlites need to be trigered wirelessly to do proper HSS?
Choosing between Lenses Canon 70-200 f2.8L IS II vs Canon EF 70-300mm f/4-5.6L IS USM
Darktable: How to edit level on each RGB channel?
Off camera flash with cheap camera
Are there professional studios that are available to take pictures of sculpture?
Can I use a Vivitar Auto Thyristor 3700 Flash with my Nikon D3100?
Giving compact digital camera a Brain
Relationship between the focal length and sensor size
Technical book or resource (non-creative)
Do I need to update nikonD3100 firmware to use a microSD 32GB HC1 card?
Nikon SB-600 remote operation nonsense
Is there a correct way to swap lenses?
Manual and Autofocus not working on near field with Canon Rebel T3
Are airport x-ray scanners safe for DSLRs / lenses / storage media?
Is it safe to override my camera&#39;s &quot;flash busy&quot; warning when the battery is low?
Would a 85mm lens have allowed me to blur the background better in this photo of a DJ in action?
How do photographers manage multiple lenses?
Is it safe to use a third-party replacement battery charger?
Why does Nikon D3100 locks Shutter in Autofocus mode?
How to create the equivalent of an Adjustment Layer in an editor that does not support it?
Where do we focus when shooting cars in a street?
How to disable the red eye protection flash with sony powershot DSCWX80 or WX60?
What are the dangers of removing a lens while the camera is on?
Is it risky to change lenses in the cold?
What kind of camera bag would I look for to allow fast lens swaps?
Is it dangerous to do a lens change with power on?
How do I avoid dust entering my camera when changing lenses?
What do &quot;dark current&quot; and &quot;sensitivity&quot; mean for a camera module?
lens care: compressing lens without full-time manual focus when camera is off?
What are some good online forums for discussing photographic editing?
Lightroom: Photoshop documents not displaying in catalogue
How can I use CMYK values to white balance skin?
What is the cause of this unusual concentric blob defect (taken in below zero conditions)?
Can vibration damage my camera?
Fotopro monopod tilt head — available in the USA?
Weird sticky liquid on old tripod (+10 years)
How is Nikon&#39;s PF optics different from and similar to Canon&#39;s DO optics?
How can I trigger an off-camera flash with a Polaroid SX 70 or a Yashica-Mat?
Does the Canon AF/MF switch actually do anything on L lenses?
smart phone gripper for large phone
Issue with Yongnuo 568EX flash on i-TTL mode
What mm lens for distance shots?
Understanding Lightroom/ACR Exposure Non-Linearity
Should I store RAW file or DNG for backing up
Does the right calibration temperature for my monitor depend on season?
Effective viewing of Margulis&#39; latest tome
Can I get a better results with my Canon 50d?
How do I fix a dog&#39;s wrong colored eyes in flash photos?
What is a good way to get cats to be more photogenic?
Why don&#39;t smartphones default to 4x6?
How can I remove shine on someone&#39;s face in Lightroom?
What is the &#39;Golden Ratio&#39; and why is it better than the &#39;Rule of Thirds?&#39;
Tamron 18-200 mm vs Nikkor 18-200 mm lens
Canon EOS 6D/5D - Lightroom - Flickr - Exifdata missing
Autofocus problem on new Nikon D5300
Copyright of a product
How can you reduce noise in Lightroom 3?
Can I tune the auto ISO algorithm on my Canon 600D?
How does D7100 bracketing work?
Create a track from gps data
How can I create a map with GPS data from EXIF?
How to take this group portrait with faces in profile only lit from the side they&#39;re facing?
How do I set up two off-camera flashes with Yongnuo RF-603II triggers?
photo color differs when viewing on chrome vs Picasa 3
How to do DIY repair of rubber grips on Nikon cameras?
What does f/4.5-5.6G stand for on a Nikon Lens?
What is a &quot;pictorial effect&quot; in photography, and how do I get it with a digital camera?
Canon Powershot SX20IS User error
What can you do with Lightroom catalog files if Adobe stops support for Lightroom?
How can I avoid light bleed in a studio shot?
Are mobile phone camera lenses good enough to support 20MP sensors?
Kiron 70-201mm f/4 Macro Lens to a Nikon Dslr 3100
How do I get Spyder3Express to work on a Mac OS X dual screen setup?
Nikon D3200 with IR remote control uses AF-Light although turned off
Why is the on-camera flash trying to pop up when using a D7000 with a MK930 Speedlite?
How big should the images on a contact sheet be?
Do I need to leave my Nikon camera on for three days to recharge the backup battery?
What effect does a bright light have on a DSLR?
How can I know how far the in focus area extends
What is a good 360 degree camera?
Breaking composition rules
What distance should there be between two shots for a stereogram?
35mm vs 40mm: Does it matter?
Is it normal for Nikon DSLR viewfinder and live view shutter speeds to differ?
How to make a microscope with a DSLR camera?
Does it matter what edge finding algorithm you use?
Did Calumet distribute Lee filters?
What low-cost non-fisheye wide angle lenses are available for Canon and how do they compare?
What are the differences between pictures shot with spherical and aspherical lenses?
Is the camera sensor or the lens the limit to resolution?
What is aperture, and how does it affect my photographs?
Why doesn&#39;t photo editing software have RGB parade or vectorscope-style color correction?
What is the best way to photograph an object when the background has to be replaced in post?
Food photography project
How can a high resolution camera matter when the output is low resolution?
Is there any difference between using camera filter and photoshop like software postprocessing?
When should I use saturation over vibrance?
Why does the aperture value change in manual mode on my D70s?
What could I do to take a better picture of this outdoor fountain at night?
How should I select a price for a landscape image?
Getting UFRAW into GIMP 2.8.14 on Yosemite
Photographing Signage
I scratched the glass on my Canon 550D&#39;s optical viewfinder — what can I do about it?
Looking for adjustable length hanging system
Why isn&#39;t my Nikon D7000 in Commander Mode working with my SB600 flash?
What does Exposure Bias 12/6 EV mean?
Should I use a 100mm Macro lens as a portrait lens?
Why did &quot;pure&quot; photography displace pictoralism so completely?
Why is manual focus off after installing a 45&#176; split-prism focus screen?
Can I use old Pentax-mount Vivitar lenses on Nikon DSLR?
What steps should I take if my photo is used without permission?
How do you detect when your photos are used without copyright permission?
What is the reason of &quot;banded&quot; bokeh on Sony a7?
How is this high-key, bright cityscape effect achieved?
Projector friendly pictures?
Shooting full manual during an event or function
How do I shorten the &quot;loading&quot; of photos on the card?
Takes long to turn on with memory card but not without it
Which is the application used for this photo with glow around dark things? I saw many pictures like this on instagram, but nobody answers
System Gain vs ISO
Converter and lens combination to try on sony a7 or a6000
Wondering if my Nikon lens is broken
Could I have taken this landscape shot better with my P&amp;S, or do I need a better camera?
Is there any plugin for Lightroom that enables face recognition?
Blurred corner problem
How can I achieve this &quot;golden&quot; effect?
Does the older but still more expensive Pentax K-5 offer any advantages over the new K-30?
Does lens age affect color produced?
Corrupt SD cards asking to format?
How do I find the right backpack for my full frame DSLR plus lenses?
How can I control the white balance from an Android application?
DNG updates settings in the file itself?
Which EXIF tag to set for the 35mm equivalent focal length?
What&#39;s the difference between saturation and vibrance in Lightroom?
What are the practical differences between Canon 580EX II and Canon 600EX-RT?
How can I calculate the effect of non-TTL flash on exposure?
Do any DSLRs offer in-camera file encryption?
When should I (if at all) start a new Lightroom catalog?
How can I protect myself when providing photographic services to someone who is just getting their business started and can&#39;t afford me yet?
What are best practices for using Lightroom libraries?
What extension tube options are there for the Pentax system?
D7100: How to adjust default settings?
What Is The Scale Of The Y Axis of The Histogram in Lightroom / ACR?
How to create custom Google Streetview panorama?
Lightroom/ACR Histogram Shape
Correct EXIF metadata for Rokinon 8mm fisheye lens
Which galaxies can we photograph with a DSLR and a telephoto lens?
How to brighten stars in Photoshop?
Will the auto document feeder scanner in PIXMA printers scan sheets as small as 4x6?
Keeping menu or preview showing for longer on Nikon D5100
What causes an f/0 error on a Nikon D700?
Lines through my images - help
Is there an effect of temperature on film exposure?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of negative film versus reversal film?
Sony A58 vs Canon EOS 1100D
Does the Canon EF-S 24mm f/2.8 STM Lens offer any significant advantage over the Canon 18-55mm IS II at a 24mm focal length?
Negative vs transparency film
Is there a way to adjust the aperture of a Nikon lens without a camera or physical aperture ring?
How can I remove all transient objects from multiple photos, leaving only the background?
Manual off-camera flash compatibility with multiple bodies?
Will moldable play foam work in a camera bean bag?
Is there a standard tripod mount?
Why are lower focal length lenses wider?
How to make ordinary extra-ordinary without juxtaposition?
Can I save multiple Lightroom virtual copies (the whole stack) in a single DNG file?
What are the relative pros and cons of a Pentax K1000 or Nikon F for getting into film photography?
Is it possible to use the GoPro camera when it is connected to a pc/notebook with a USB Cable?
How do I scan old negatives that have black dividing lines versus the clear lines on the newer negatives?
Is there any way to save the develop settings of a virtual copy in Lightroom?
is Photron Stedy Pro 560 compatible with canon 600d
How does using a 2x teleconverter with 70-200 f/2.8 affect use?
DPP output is not sharp
Does the Sony A7 run Android, or if not, is there another way to write applications for it?
Canon EOS Rebel T3 Shutter Speed Acting Weird On Auto
Is there an efficient way to export/publish modifications to albums with custom sort orders?
What resources can you suggest to help me write contracts?
Which rights to photographs should I retain when writing a contract?
What are some photography contract gotchas or must-haves?
Is it possible to get smaller aperture with diaphragm in front of the lens?
Why does &quot;bulb&quot; mode usually rely on holding the shutter button?
Practicality of using a telescope as a super telephoto lens?
Is modifying a photo to educate generally fair use?
What is the color structure histogram and how does it work?
Does the Canon M have actual, significant deficiencies vs. the competition?
NIkon D90 back LED keep blinking
Steps towards becoming an amazing creative model photographer?
How can I correct a blurry viewfinder beyond the built-in adjustment?
Can I do a timelapse on my Nikon Coolpix l820?
In intuitive explanation what is zig zag scanning?
Does an already set (or not yet risen) moon still wash out stars?
What is the easiest color to see on black and white?
My &quot;flag&quot; option is gone from Aperture — where did it go and how do I get it back?
Will lenses with filter attachment size 58mm fit my camera when the kit lens has filter size 72 mm?
What is the best lens for shooting flat surfaces?
How do I calibrate the diopter correction on my DSLR&#39;s viewfinder?
Why don&#39;t we have Manual flashes with High Speed Sync?
Why do I need an add-on lens to take smartphone macro photos?
Why does my camera turn off after taking 2 to 3 shots?
Can smartphone applications allow you to take macro photos?
USB Possibilities in Olympus PEN Lite E-PL5
Is there a flash system that will work with for both Canon 5DMKIII and Sony A7MKII?
What is the difference between a pentaprism and a pentamirror?
How do add on macro smartphone lenses allow you to take macro photos?
How can I take &quot;Photo Sphere&quot; style images with a regular camera?
How are virtual tour photos taken?
How can I calculate the effect of a supplementary close-up lens (a.k.a macro filter)?
How does a macro lens focus so close?
Why do higher end lenses use USM instead of STM?
What steps would I need to take to get involved in working as a photographer for endangered or rare animal species?
What criteria to consider to match cameras and lenses for shooting people at parties?
How do I choose which low-cost fisheye lens is right for me?
Is Nikon AF Nikkor 28-80mm Lens compatible with Nikon D5100 DSLR?
Where do rays of light from one point strike the film?
Snow creates circles on my photos, how do I prevent that?
How can I transfer all of my photos in any format from an SD card using an iPad?
What rigid print media is best for a photographic exhibition?
How do I reset Ufraw to default settings in Windows?
How can I set my Canon 5D Mark II to JPEG only?
How to preserve and store very old photos (50/80 years old)?
Question about software-based filters for manipulating already recorded video
How to mass convert RAW images into JPEG in Lightroom 3?
How can I easily replace raw files with jpeg format in Lightroom?
How do you achieve this brownish skin color moody look on your photos?
What are the tradeoffs when replacing two zoom lenses with a superzoom?
What to look for in a scuba diving camera for a non-photographer?
Portrait photographer asked to shoot a wedding — how should I respond?
Will longer interval during NightLapse mode on GoPro hero4 increase battery life?
Optical or Digital Image stabilization?
Can you reprint photos off a roll of film?
Is it worth using Pentax&#39;s Premium JPEG quality setting?
What is the EV scale?
What historic reasons are there for common aspect ratios?
What is the difference between in-lens image stabilizing and sensor-based image stabilizing?
Do flash guide numbers assume some amount of ambient light built-in?
Will a charger for Canon 60D batteries work on 40D batteries?
Why does Darktable show D5300 RAW (.NEF) in pink in darkroom?
Using varnish for protecting photographs?
Is it possible to bracket with flash only around a manual setting on Nikon D7000+SB700?
How do I rig up a color filter for my Sigma 8-16mm Ultrawide?
Is there a way to add captions to Lightroom photos based on title and/or description?
Can I legally sell a photograph with a border made to look like an old Polaroid print?
Are RF wireless triggers systems compatible with one another?
What did pros do when their photos storage getting huge?
Lightroom- Renaming timeline files to the exported name
Why don&#39;t sensors have a wider aspect ratio?
Why don&#39;t sensors on satellites and rovers degrade as quickly as DSLRs on the space station?
Does the autofocus work with Tamron 70-200 DI VC USD and Tamron 2x teleconverter?
Why are Curiosity Mars rover photos black and white with huge white border?
How can you write/convert Picasa&#39;s People tags to the EXIF data?
Nikon D7000 thinks aperture of non-cpu lens is always 16 and overexposes photos
Out-of-focus areas are not blurry, they&#39;re duplicated?
How does the Nikkor 35mm prime compare to the Nikkor 40mm Micro for portraits?
I need a camera with specific needs. And I hate cameras
Do old sepia photographs fade to neutral gray, or is something else going on here?
Easiest way to have Lightroom destructively replace RAW files with TIFF files?
Is cleaning shutter release from the battery compartment with alcohol safe?
What are the pros and cons of a viewfinder versus a liveview?
A6000 and Sony 55-210mm - At 210mm, with tripod, I am getting a &quot;wavy&quot; distortion to all objects in range
Will lightroom sync offline library changes when external drive reconnects?
What filters are commonly used in photographing the moon with a DSLR at night without a telescope?
Which focal-length lens is usually used for portrait photography, and why?
Does the Pentax K1000 have a sensor for a remote shutter release?
What is the difference between Nikon NCP and NP2 picture control files?
Nikon Speedlight: Slave mode and built-in flash/commander light
What is a cheap standard/wide prime lens for Canon APS-C?
How does the Tamron 70-200mm F/2.8 without VR/IS compare to the Nikon 70-300mm F/4.5-5.6 VR?
How to save large photos with web safe colors?
How to estimate the minimum magnification to capture features of a certain size?
Is there a reason to get a newer iPad to use with Capture Pilot?
How to calculate the correct focal length needed for a subject of a given size and distance?
Diagnose a damaged lens from focus test results
Nikon AF-S 55-300mm VR vs. Tamron SP 70-300mm VC USD
How can I best photograph white powder so I can later cut it out of the background but keep natural shadows?
What causes an SD card to go corrupt?
How can I get better photos of people on a lit stage using a Galaxy S5 phone?
Combining multiple exposures
Recovering Lightroom edits after a system hard drive failure
Converting ARW pictures taken with a Sony A6000 to PNG or TIFF with ImageMagick
Setting slower shutter speeds for canon 5d mark ii
How can I avoid green flare on my sunrise photos?
Why does my Finepix S2950 not show the image quality I expect?
Does this test chart show that my kit lens front focused?
How can I fix the overly-bright background in my landscape photo?
Why is the battery on my Panasonic dmc tz8 draining in a few hours even though it&#39;s off?
Best program to batch compress JPGs with minimal loss?
Does Pentax make a lens adapter to fit Olympus lenses?
Is cropping out someone&#39;s ear a no-no in a portrait?
High ISO or faster lens for a distant evening portrait?
My RAW .NEF files cant show properly in windows 7 image viewer
Can in-camera JPEG have image quality advantages over (third party software) converted RAW?
Camera suggestion needed for long term remote timelapse
Off-camera flash bracket - flash position
Lumix DMC-TZ8 - SDHC card empty
Is Lighroom 5 available only as subscription?
Sticky substance on mode dial and back of monitor (D5200)
How to disable automatic cropping that&#39;s done after distortion correction in DxO Optics Pro 9 or 10?
Canon 70D with Neewer/Godox TT560 flash not working in hot-shoe
Why does getting closer or zooming in decrease depth of field?
What exactly happens when one turns the focus ring on a DSLR while shooting video?
What focal length lens do I need for photographing the moon?
How do you even see the focus area rectangle when in dark?
Flash for a6000
Lightroom 4.4 - on synchronizing folder, LR says photos are missing but are not, and requests remove + re import?
Output image of RawTherapee is different
What to bounce?
Weird rainbow colored chromatic aberration
Are images like this possible straight out of a D40 without post-processing?
How to create smart collections in Lightroom for hierarchical keywords?
What is the diameter of my lens?
How can I reduce the recycling time between shots when the built-in flash is enabled?
Is it normal for there to be tiny dust particles in a new lens?
Advice on shooting a magazine centerfold
Can I use older screw-type lenses on a Nikon DSLR?
How to Get a Whiter Background when Taking Photos Against An Off White Wall?
What should my plan be for photographing in a nightclub setting?
Darktable - How to do localized editing with masks?
Why does an exported JPG image from RawTherapee have much more noise?
Is there a tulip-flower lens hood that will work with the Nikon AF Zoom-Nikkor 35-70mm f/2.8 D?
Is there a free program to (batch) change photo file&#39;s date to match EXIF?
Does the Sony A7 have a way to automatically adjust exposure parameters with a button press in M mode?
Compositing images while preserving focus blur
Does hyperfocal distance only apply to manual focussing?
How important is it to buy the Sigma USB dock?
What is the most honest way to cite pixel count (resolution)?
How can slightly blurred photos be improved in post processing?
How to capture snow flake?
Compositing partially-overlapping objects with little depth of field
Is there a noticeable difference between 1.8 and 1.4 prime lenses?
How to fix Yongnuo 568EX speedlight not switching to manual mode?
How are aperture changes implemented on D-series Nikkor lenses?
High speed sync Flash with 430EX II off-camera
Could you recommend an under-$30 tripod for a DSLR?
What should I do about Canon PowerShot &quot;Lens error, restart camera&quot;?
How do I take a good portrait for a CV or resume?
How to fix a Nikon 100mm f/2.8 Series E lens not being properly recognized on a D300?
Can HDR technique be used to take picture of a subject with bright background?
Canon T5i (lp-e8) high capacity battery grip/battery bank?
What is the white balance of film?
Cheapest camera possible to use for &quot;scanning&quot; slides using a projector and a camera
What&#39;s the difference between using an Image Stabilization and not using it?
CCD sensors use a digital shutter. Why don&#39;t the more expensive CMOS sensors?
Determining lag between pushing the button &amp; taking a shot
Online Printing API?
Is there a way to &#39;lock&#39; an image&#39;s history stack in darktable?
Which Canon lens would be best for landscapes and night skies?
Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 III remote for consumers without a smart phone?
Albinar&#39;s compatibility with Canon t5
Does converting RAW files to TIFF lose image quality?
Is there a way to use an extender on a Canon EF-S lens?
Find focus and effective range of single focus camera
Free software to create photo book (Pdf)
What camera &amp; lens combinations are ideal for animal photography
Looking for a remote flash trigger for Sony
How can I delete presets in Lightroom 3?
How to take a picture with subject in focus but with a circular light-trace effect around it?
How to move this chair to a room
Are USB connectors for Nikon D300 (or all camera using USB Mini-B plugs) standardized?
High Speed Sync with Canon 7D and Sigma EF-610 DG Super
Will a short focal length cut it for indoor event photography? (Context: It&#39;s Crowded, Dark, Has Mixed Lighting, and Requires Walking Around.)
Mirror lens for Nikon D5200 camera
What to gain from using a Nikkor AF-S 85mm f/1.8G instead of a AF-S Nikkor 35mm 1.8G
Single remote trigger for fifty cameras
How well will a nonweatherproof Canon Rebel DSLR hold up in the cold and snow?
Contrast detection AF not working?
How to use a green screen to change the background color while preserving shadows?
What is a &quot;rail system&quot;? What about rods?
Did I make a mistake in choosing a D5300 rather than an older higher-end model?
What are some of the use cases for using green and black Chroma keys?
1/250 flash sync useful with a 180 mm lens?
Astro-photography - 8 inch Schmidt-Cassegrain vs 10 inch Newtonian
How can I transfer pictures from my Canon Digital Rebel XTI (400D) to my Mac?
I dropped my camera and it won&#39;t turn on and the lens won&#39;t mount
How can I take wide angle macro photos with a Nikon APS-C camera?
Canon PowerShot SX160 prevent lens opening due to accidental power on?
What causes these green dots in my image?
Do professionals really never use a 24-70 lens?
Stopping down in manual mode with automatic ISO?
Officejet Pro 8600 Plus or Epson Perfection 1650 for Photo Scanning?
How to recover from a crash during import into Lightroom 5?
Polariser and ND together
what are these strange artifacts on this photo?
Is Nikon D40X still good enough for a beginner?
Can two or more different models of Yongnuo flash work together?
Rename a file based on whichever tag contains the earliest or oldest date?
Can I use an optical slave flash with my Sony DSC RX100?
How can I adjust white balance for many photos by the same amount in Lightroom?
What are the advantages and disdvantages of the Canon 18-55 IS MKII vs IS STM kit lenses?
Should I really lug around a lens cap everywhere?
Simple comparison of LightRoom 4, Corel AfterShot Pro, DarkTable
What went wrong with this concert photo and what could I have done to make it better?
How good is Sigma 70-300mm F/4-5.6 DG Macro Lens
Is there a Clippy for Photography?
Canon 60d Wireless Remote
Lightroom- How to import into same folder from different day?
How to achieve this effect in photoshop?
22-inch Beauty Dish with speedlight?
Is there a general formula for image size vs. print size?
Commercial use of photos of toys?
What are the Yongnuo flash naming conventions?
Targus Universal Wireless Shutter Release
How do I achieve this look #84934837
Online viewer for panorama photos?
What do I need to make my own camera stand with a 40&quot; horizontal arm?
Making Affordable Security Camera System
applying random instagram type filters to a bunch of photos
700D how to blink on over-exposure?
Is Nikon D3200 optimal for my situation?
Where to announce or release &#39;opensource&#39; photos
shooting night sky photos with nikon d3300
Canon 5D Mark III + Multiple shots in single shutter release?
Self-hosted gallery that will base on existing library structure
Does the lens I just bought have a fungus?
Brighten a subject without Flash
What&#39;s the best workflow for shooting stationary objects in a makeshift studio?
How to turn an external flash off and reactive the incorporated one (Canon 600D)?
What is the &quot;round&quot; tripod plate used for?
Unusual ideas for a 10 yr old taking photos on theme of &#39;Cold&#39;?
How to put back shutter button from a Nikon coolpix P520
Color schemes and perception: If L*-linearity does not imply perceptual intensity linearity, then what is the best metric of perceptual intensity?
Err 80 appears when I turn on my Canon EOS 5D Mark II
Canon rebel t5 image on LCD
Calculate angle/field of view from 2D image
What should I look out for when buying a second-hand DSLR body?
Where is a camera&#39;s preview image stored, when shooting in RAW?
What is the meaning of the distance parameter for line control points?
Thinking of buying a canon 550D - few questions
What should I consider when using DSLRs in cold weather?
What method can I use to create an indoor panorama?
How do I import an iPhoto library into Lightroom, keeping adjustments intact?
How can I get good motion shots (long exposure) of the sea in daylight?
Will my photo look good as a canvas?
Nikkor 70-200 2.8 VRII - Does Autofocus &lt;5m really work?
Nikon Coolpix P510 - Recommended low-light settings?
Timelapse video, pictures taken over a year. Sky flashing
What cheap flashes can be wirelessly triggered by a Nikon SB-900?
What are the technical advantages and disadvantages of mirrorless?
How many keywords are possible in Lightroom without a performance penalty?
Apply adjustment brush area to video in Lightroom 5.3
How to shoot a 220 yard photo with an 18-135mm lens
How safe is it to photograph sunset or sunrise?
Why is my Nikon Coolpix S3100 showing &quot;File contains no image data&quot; when I try to view old photos?
Use Lightroom as a photo editor only, without catalogueing?
How do I take a &quot;projector output&quot; photo, showing the beam from my car&#39;s headlights?
Why do wide angle prime lenses have relatively small apertures?
Photography in public places: Is it allowed or needs permission
Is there a 3rd-party wireless slave for Nikon SU-4 triggering?
Utilities for comparing different JPEG compression engines?
Why does L*=0 not correspond to black in the L*a*b* color space?
Is it possible to rotate an image by an arbitrary angle in Lightroom?
What is the photography term for blurred / dragged lights?
So my iPhone 6 camera lens is as wide as my full frame 35mm DSLR lens?
How can I print a 4x6 image to 4x6 photo paper with a 1/4&quot; border?
How to adjust colours displayed on MacBook Pro?
Why do digital cameras not have an iso rating?
How do I properly expose dark scenes containing bright light sources?
Which graphics card should I use for Photoshop (nVIDIA or Intel)?
Nikon SB-600 flash will not fire; what can I do to fix it?
How can I use a manual-focus Minolta MC Rokkor-PF 55mm SLR lens on a four-thirds system?
What are my rights as a press photographer?
Should I store unedited/raw, edited, or watermarked images while backing up on DVD/CD?
Why does a small change in focal length of two lenses make a $1000.00 difference in the price?
Can I charge the battery inside a Nikon D90 through the camera&#39;s USB port?
What is the purpose of a dual LED flash?
Which of these lenses should I get for low light conditions?
Why do event organisers have the right to restrict the activities of photographers?
How do I prevent bumps and bashes to my camera in crowded areas?
Reducing ambient color while preserving sharpness with a flash in concert photos
What are the appropriate lenses for concert photography
Can I trigger multiple Yongnuo manual speedlight with one Nikon camera?
How to calculate camera settings for a family group portrait with a film camera and flash?
What lens focal length most closely resembles the human eye perspective?
Need to know the size for printing a poster
What works with RC2 quick release?
What should I look for in lenses for long range and close up animal and natural shots?
How can I fire a single canon 430ex flash remotely from a Canon 6D camera?
what qualities should I be looking for in a long range lens
General guidelines on choosing a lens for an image sensor
How can I preserve adjustment layer effects when merging?
How well will a Canon 2x extender work with a 60D and 100-400mm L?
Is using a large aperture with flash uncommon?
MY canon D1200 doesn&#39;t take a picture in AF mode
Are Sigma lenses comparable to Canon lenses for a Canon camera?
Where is the focal point of a camera lens?
Inconsistent TTL results when flash used off-camera (YN565 EX II)
What is an easy way to remember the full stop scale?
Using nikon lenses on a canon body
Uneven exposure with Sony a35 - one side of image much lighter than the other
Advice on developing expired Kodacolor 400 film
Is lens geometric distortion, chromatic aberration and light fall off still as much of an issue?
Tripod With Horizontal Attachment
Are Nikon focus screens cross compatible?
Phone camera (Samsung S4): is it possible to determine the distance to the object in focus on jpg picture?
Using the Lumix GM-1 for Aurora
How to seamlessly rate in Photo Mechanic but also edit in Lightroom?
How can i check the details of my photos clicked by nikon 5100
Where to get serious portfolio book printed?
Nikon D200 battery woes
How do mountains affect lighting at sunrise and sunset?
Nikon d3100 edited images not saved on SD card
Developing cyanotypes with an LCD projector
Are there downsides to a wireless (infrared) remote shutter release?
Waterproof Long Distance Wireless Shutter Release?
How can I take portraits which seem to capture the essence of a subject I&#39;ve just met?
What is the purpose of pre-focusing on a Canon AF35m ii?
How do you make the most stunning sunrise and sunset photos?
How do I take good portraits with a bridge camera and superzoom?
What open source software for auto-alignment of photographs?
How iPhone 5S can have such a big aperture? f/2.2?
Which is the best version of Helios 44 series 58mm f/2 M42 mount lens
What are the different types of light brackets?
What would be a DSLR to use for combination outdoor photography and astrophotography?
Senior picture 72 dpi vs 300 dpi
Which lens for a milky way photo
How do I use gels to make my flash match the color of the ambient light?
How do I lower ISO in an intentionally dark photo and maintain contrast?
What is this style of photo editing called?
What is the advantage of using L*a*b in Photoshop?
Can the Canon 600D take images one stop up &amp; down for creating an HDR image?
Are there any hardshell covers / protectors for lenses?
What hood fits a Canon 70-300mm telephoto USM IS lens?
What are the most valuable photographs on the planet?
do mirrorless camera lenses have automatic diaphragms
Where can I buy a camera off the internet?
About AV mode in Canon DSLR
Confused between 2 &quot;pro&quot; point &amp; shoot cameras
What are good online or DVD tutorials for my new DSLR?
How to prevent condensation inside the camera when taking pictures in a cold place?
Why my &quot;action&quot; shots are blurry even shooting on AF-C, is this a lens or camera limitation?
Why can&#39;t I set my Pentax K-5 IIs to ISO 100?
How can I use a filter and hood with my Nikon L820?
What is the relationship between ICC profiles and the color modes of my wide-gamut monitor?
How outdated is the Nikon D80?
Why can I see beyond sRGB in CIE Chromatic Diagram
How can I best record and improve my pre-shoot planning process?
Using a linear polarizing filter with a DSLR
Is there a name for the style of putting a strong color gradient over a photograph?
How should I specify minimum quality requirements for images submitted to my image archive?
Retina Display-Can anyone suggest how to literally make an image &quot;retina display&quot;?
How do I generate a mask of the skin tones in an image?
What is &quot;Highlight Tone Priority&quot;?
Can you use EOS Utility to Manual Focus whilst remote shooting movies?
Nikkor f/1.8G 35mm or 50mm?
Missing focus with Canon 50mm 1.8 lens - is it the lens or me?
What type of cloth is safe to clean lenses?
Settings on ISO and Aperture for Sunset on Canon 600D
Is it true that cameras with larger sensors are more likely to mis-focus under low light?
How can I see the *real* raw values from a raw file?
Why do my Cybersyncs fire my Sunpak flashes with the test button, but not the shutter release?
What can cause blurry and out of focus images on a Nikon D5300 in no flash mode?
Which flashes are weather-proofed?
Minimum requirements to capture a &quot;Street View&quot;-like photo?
Why does my Nikon FE occasionally fire at &#185;⁄₉₀th regardless of setting?
How is a Bulb mode enabled for a Canon EOS 70D?
How can color temperature be measured using a digital camera?
How can I force Lightroom to render previews for my collection?
How do you mail a large framed print?
What software tool can I use to convert a photo to line drawing?
What is a reasonable formula for depreciation of photography equipment?
What program can automatically resize &amp; crop a folder of images to a certain resolution?
How can I take horizontal photos where the object is lying flat on the floor?
What&#39;s the best way to scan in hundreds of pictures?
Is it possible to control sliders of darktable from tablet?
What are the best and worst diffuser materials for DIY softbox/light tent?
Which lens cap do I need for an Olympus 14-45 f/3.5-5.6 lens?
Are equipment reviews from websites like kenrockwell.com and bythom.com reliable?
What is the CTG file in Canon SD card?
What kind of plastic is used for good camera bodies?
What are the technical difficulties behind building a sensor with high dynamic range like the human eye?
What exactly is &quot;base ISO&quot; and how do I find what is base ISO on my camera?
When does the camera use the mechanical shutter and when does it use the electronic shutter?
I&#39;m Buying a Camera for a Short Film, Need Suggestions
Pixelstick wireless remote trigger alternative
Can&#39;t control aperture with D800 and AF-s 80-200mm D in Manual mode
Samsung NX1000 focus ring does not work, can&#39;t get off manual focus mode either
D90 and lenses upgrade
Can I use a 55mm close-up filter on a lens with 67mm filter threads?
In Auto mode, the shutter speed on my D3000 is too slow
How does software that extracts or views EXIF work?
Why is my DSLR taking pictures with the top darkened?
Camera stops by itself while shooting, or shows no battery, then ok again?
How to capture details of the moon?
How to do time lapse with bracketing burst?
Lightroom plugin development -- is it worth it?
Canon G11 Lens problems
shutter speed on auto focus
How to make a 3d model from an object in a photograph?
Is there a tool which will resize photos based on level of actual detail in the original?
HOW TO SHOOT LARGE CARPETS
How can I extract the captions from Facebook albums?
How does the dynamic range of the human eye compare to that of digital cameras?
Shutter button full-press on Powershot SX700 HS: immediate shot without autofocus
What to do to replace an aging Four Thirds DSLR?
How durable are zoom lenses?
Long exposure mode in Nikon with a Remote shutter control
What is the legal consensus on &quot;pinning&quot; photos using Pinterest?
What is the purpose of graduated color filters?
How does the usual jpeg 0-100 quality settings translate into Photoshop&#39;s 0-12 quality setting?
What are the specifications for a mini-jack shutter cord?
What cameras are the amaro, mayfair, walden instagram filters based on / inspired by?
Micro SDHC card in Canon 500D
Lens adaptors for a 30mm ring size wearable camera. with either 4x 8x or 12x fixed power
Valid value for shutter speed based on Focal Length
What is the relationship between focal length and shutter speed?
Why does it look better when skilled photographers apply filters and tricks to their photos?
What to do about autofocus problems on a brand new SLR?
Is it possible to smartly control the camera from a smartphone using a wireless module?
How can I keep my camera warm while photographing time lapses over a few hours of 25F / - 4C temperatures?
Are there digital cameras that allow user apps?
Why does JPEG quality go up to twelve?
Overexposed images when using ring flash
Create a huge collage of photos
Problem in white balancing photographs taken in sun
Can I calibrate the D7000 LCD brightness to better match my monitor?
How do I set up my studio for shooting large rugs from the ceiling?
Will the Nikkor 55-300mm/f4.5-5.6 lens work with Nikon D5200?
What is the purpose of the little metal cylinder the focus ring of certain FD lenses?
What kind of shoes are best for wedding photography?
Nikon D5100, Top of Photo is &quot;Blacked Out&quot;
How does this TLR camera expose properly?
How to clean shattered UV filter glass from Lens?
Using Rokinon 14mm or Tamaron 17-50mm as a general purpose lens (APS-C)?
JPEG image problem
Is waist level photography with a digital camera practical?
How can I wrap a new pattern around a 3D object in a photograph?
Are third party battery grips good enough?
Is it okay to store a battery in its (unplugged) charger?
What camera settings would make shooting easy in a darkish church?
Moving the Color Trim to Quick Control Screen
Is it possible to see images on screen when shooting in continuous mode on a Nikon d5300?
Why use JPEG instead of RAW?
Are there any instructions for Pixel X-650 flash?
Pros and Cons for using a camera strap and what better alternatives are available?
Is there a sane reason why &#185;⁄₁₂₅ is not, instead, exactly half of &#185;⁄₆₀?
How often should memory cards be formatted?
Does simply opening and closing a JPEG file decrease image quality?
What are the differences between Epson v330/300 and Epson v500 scanners?
How to apply color management to the Windows 7 mouse cursor?
What is dynamic range and how is it important in photography?
Applying adjustment layer only to one layer in photoshop
Is the Nikon D5200 good enough for professional use, such as wedding parties?
Is it true that &#39;80s 35mm photofilm had quality corresponding to 24 megapixels?
Are Yongnuo 622 and tx triggers compatible with Gloxy 990 flash?
Do pro photographers use &quot;Auto Lighting Optimizer&quot;?
Why would someone want a plain screw rather than a release plate?
How to retain focus point information in JPEGs exported from Lightroom?
Can I reproduce a photo taken with a larger sensor by converting camera settings to their equivalents?
How to prevent a child from accidentally deleting photos during playback?
Can I buy a direct upgrade from Lightroom 3.5 to Lightroom 5?
Canon DSLR T5 Lens Compatibility
How should I handle the poor quality of my camera&#39;s rear LCD screen?
Where can I buy high quality greetings cards blanks in the UK?
I don&#39;t see the hole in the lens getting bigger or smaller, so is it damaged?
What is the benefit of a wide-aperture lens if you stop it down?
Brush cursor showing red preview on pressing alt and right click and drag is not showing up in photoshop cs5
Macro using Point and Shoot
Photography editing style and secret
What does Time for Print (TFP) mean in practice?
How to create lighting with rays on the background?
Why isn&#39;t my grey card giving me repeatable results in the same room with different lighting?
How do I set the aperture on my Canon camera with an old Zuiko lens mounted with an adapter?
Why does the FoV of adapted lenses seem to be the same as kit lenses with the same focal length?
What is Bulb Mode?
closeup filter vs dedicated macro lens
Why my camera shots have a dark area?
How to recharge camera battery in the wild
When were white seamless backgrounds and platforms first used in studio lighting?
How can I get white balance support for Canon EOS 1100D in UFRaw?
Is there a free utility which can adjust the white balance of Canon CR2 RAW files?
What is the maximum aperture consistent with the Nikon F-mount?
What is the difference between Corel Paintshop Pro 7 &amp; Aftershot Pro 2?
Is there software which automatically assists in recolouring black and white photos?
Is there software on Macintosh for adding GPS data to RAW files?
What head to select for my monopod?
Focus Effect for Canon Powershot SX520
How to make a long-expodure photo
In what way does the lens mount limit the maximum possible aperture of a lens?
Where can I get cheap neutral density filters that work in the near infra-red?
Can I update the Camera Raw part of Lightroom?
GoPro 4 Night Timelapse
Is saving money buying a tripod with only 1.5kg payload false economy?
Why my Uniross Ni-Cd batteries are not getting charged?
Why professional photographers use DSLR?
What is this style of photo called?
How to shoot light trail photos with iPhone?
Can deleting files using Windows corrupt camera cards?
How to respect the dimensions when we reduce the images?
What is the &quot;exposure triangle&quot;?
What are the advantages of metal mount vs plastic mount?
Deciding between two lenses
What&#39;s a &quot;photopolymer holographic diffuser&quot;?
How can I colorize a black and white photo using colors from a similar photo?
How would I blur something out of a photo?
Why are gray cards, and not red or other colour, used for camera metering?
Achieving dark matte background in studio
How is the quality of the Sigma 18-300 DC Macro lens?
Are there any downsides to scaling down unsharp images?
Does it matter to put grid before or after sock/diffuser?
Working on JPEG saved from RAW is this the same as working on RAW ?
What&#39;s a powerful waterproof flash?
Shooting video frame by frame / electronic vs mechanical
How does autofocus confirm work with manual lenses?
Looking for a new zoom lens for a DX frame Nikon, should I get Nikon 18-200mm or something else?
Does the K1000 need a battery to trigger the flash?
Will a 18-140 lens be good for basketball stadium photographs?
Why are high-end compacts still shipping without GPS?
Viewer for Sony Cybershot 3D MPO pictures
How to identify whether the available light is too harsh or too soft?
How should I set the Canon T2i for low-light?
How can I tell which Instagram filter was used?
Mounting Sigma 70-300mm 1:4-5.6 APO Macro Super on Nikon D3200
How to get this effect (moving people, blurry, high-key)
Camera rec: 4:3 | DSLR Light-weight, fast focus, image quality
Can I use a Pentax lens on a Canon body?
History or Name of style where model has black writing on their chest?
Will my Ricoh GR1 be safe in tough weather for mountaineering photography?
What to do when my camera says &quot;lens error&quot;?
Canon 1000D SD card maximum
Canon G12 has no display but takes pictures
Why is AF performance different in automatic and selective mode?
What is the impact of changes between the old and new Nikon 18-300mm lens?
Lightroom vs. Elements vs. Photoshop: Side-by-side comparison?
Why are lens apertures usually 1.4, 1.8, 2.8, 4...?
How to measure angle of tilt of a camera on a tripod?
Is it possible to photograph me without reflections on my glasses?
Which polarizer is better
What is 5-axis optical stabilisation? How does it work?
How do popular free RAW editor/converter compare to each other on Windows?
Does an aperture value exist, where a lens creates a brighter image than the real view?
Stack of 4 seconds exposure photos of Milky Way, how is it done?
astrophotography with Nikon D3300 is possible?
First time buyer help - Nikon D3300, Nikon D5200 or Canon EOS100d
How to set correct exposure in low light condition
Medium / Large Format Pinhole Camera
What are some smaller digital cameras with remote shutter releases?
Films and x-ray scanning in airports
Is the Yongnuo YN-622C transceiver compatible with the Alien Bee 800?
Nikon D3200 lens flange has undocumented Button or lever
Nikon d7000 change aperture while shooting video
Is lens focal length specified considering the effect of barrel distortion on field of view?
Is there a free piece of software that will export metadata for a folder full of images to a table?
Will the petal-shaped &quot;HB-45 II&quot; lens hood work with my Nikkor 18-55mm?
Camera Insurance for a 3 Month Winter Expedition?
Who shaped portraiture pre 1960, and how?
How should I respond to a lowball offer for commercial use of one of my photographs?
How can I take selective color pictures with my Canon T1i?
What are these green numbers on my Canonet’s aperture scale?
Where can I get poster printing for higher resolution than 5400 x 3600 for 36&quot; x 24&quot;?
What would be the optimal settings for shooting Jupiter from non DSLR?
Will a Soligor 35-70mm C/FD fit on my Canon AT-1? Or do I need a specific lens mount?
Is there a &#39;rule of thumb&#39; that I can use to estimate depth of field while shooting?
camera for b&amp;w fine art
How long can Contax T2 work with a brand new CR123 battery?
What is the philosophical justification generally accepted by photographers on why they should be able to profit privately over public property?
Issue with Object focus using canon 1100d
Why do I get blurry pictures at far distances, but sharp results up close?
Canon printer not printting .tiff files at the correct size
How is this effect created in Photoshop?
What are the differences in cost per picture for home photo printers?
How to safely disconnect Canon EOS camera from Mac?
What is the benefit of a vari-angle LCD monitor on a camera?
Handicapped shooter needs remote view finder display
Can someone explain film speeds to me?
How can I calibrate two monitors individually in Windows7?
What makes &quot;fine art&quot; fine art?
Why is my Canon Digital IXUS/ELPH making distorted photos with purple cast
How much light do I need for handheld product photography in a lightbox
Is there a benefit to using a FX body when using DX Lenses?
How to resize RAW image files without converting to JPEG?
Panoramic camera and length measurements
What makes this Eggleston picture great?
Not able to get the Shutter Actuations/Count for my Nikon D5300
Where to get a tutorial on how to create full 3d panoramic cube images set with your camera and photoshop?
What do I need to know for volcano photography?
Best practices for documenting your photography gear
Lightroom Crashes on Launch
Is there a Canon equivalent of the Nikon CLS?
Leaving Apple Aperture for Adobe Lightroom, is there any way to avoid losing my photo adjustments?
What flashes are compatible with the Canon A-1?
How do I prevent condensation in my waterproof GoPro casing?
video images vs. burst images
Why did my whole roll of film shot with my Olympus Infinity Zoom come out blank?
How to judge the difference between the real photo and what you see in LCD?
How can I get photographs which look like 3D renderings?
Choosing between a normal lens and a zoom 35-70mm lens
How do you pronounce &quot;bokeh&quot;?
Should I use 0.976 as the Canon 5D mkII Crop Factor / Focal Length Multiplier?
What setup would I need to photograph the numbers of a plane overhead?
Can I enable pixel binning on Canon PowerShot G1X?
Night portrait photography problem in lightning
Minimizing harsh shadows when photographing big things?
Can I take pictures at Little League game without official permission or payment?
What exactly is focal length when there is also flange focal distance?
Can the Photoshop drag-zoom tool be set to use the center of the current view?
Do I need other camera lenses if I have an 18-200mm or other super-zoom?
Is it possible to use the Photoshop CS raw editor for JPG files?
How to illuminate an outdoor night time portrait with a cityscape background?
which tripod suitable for beginner?
Color film comparison: How does Fujifilm Superia compare to Kodak Portra?
How many pixels in a megapixel?
Which alloys are used in the Canon EF 300mm f/2.8L?
How to make SONY NEX F3 pictures display the date it was taken at the bottom right corner?
How does Jefry Chandra edit his photos?
Multiple exposures on medium format film
How well does Nikon CLS commander mode work outdoors?
What are good situations to use Multi-Flash / Repeating Flash feature?
When might you use multi flash on a speedlight?
Does the Canon 6D do focus-point spot metering or center spot metering?
How do I find the right size of filters for a lens?
Recommended wildlife photography lenses for Nikon DX bodies with no AF motor
Can color effects achieved by Levels or Curves in Photoshop be replicated by Gradient Maps?
How was this long exposure photo taken?
Can I use my Vivitar 283 flash with any DSLR cameras?
How to tell if a digital camera shoots quickly
My DSLR Canon generates Raw and JPEG images of same size
What is difference between Canon EF-S 18-55 mm IS and EF-S 18-55 mm IS II lenses?
Canon 70D - What happened to flash group C?
Is it normal to have tiny black dust spots in the viewfinder of a DSLR?
Nikon Lens - Stopping down causes over exposure in Aperture Priority mode
Can using an old flash damage a new DSLR?
Difference between Wireless Flash Trigger and wireless flash controller
Is it technically possible to build a camera body to correct for lens defects?
What factors are important for a camera maker to upgrade an existing model?
Why do some programs show my portrait photographs in the wrong orientation?
Is light fall off corrected for in modern cameras?
How can I extract just the value of a tag without the name using exiftool?
Nikon D3200 does not recognize the Nikkor AF-S 50mm 1.8G
how to capture low key and high key images without using external flash?
Is this a genuine Nikon Lens Pen?
How to produce a black negative?
Source for colored Wratten filters?
What are the pros and cons between the Lomo&#39;Instant and the Fuji instax mini 90 Neo Classic?
Would the 40mm pancake or 50mm prime be better for street photography with a Canon APS-C camera?
Can I use Mikona MV-328 flash on any DSLR cameras?
Image in focus at the back (LCD) but not when shown in computer
Are there any photographers&#39; agents in the UK midlands (not London)?
Is it better to have light come from the left side?
Why do my vertical photos go back horizontal when transferred from camera to iPad? How to avoid that?
Is it common to have problems with soft images on a 7D?
What does &quot;DMC&quot; mean?
Why are there so few high quality APS-C telephoto lenses?
What is the difference between edge detection, Sobel detection, and Canny detection?
How do I make a package look &quot;heroic and important&quot; in a advertising shoot?
How to clean a studio light bulb?
Pentax-K 50mm lens, thread of 49mm or 50mm?
What does DPI mean?
How to photograph a lightbulb?
How can I calibrate a Dell U2412M for 100% of Adobe RGB?
How can I use a vintage M42 manual prime on an entry Nikon DSLR?
Is there a way to delay shutter release when using a remote shutter, possibly with the aid of Magic Lantern?
What can cause yellowish horizontal bands when using a relatively high shutter speed?
Making the whole photo in focues using Nikon D7100 with nikkor 18-105 mm
Does a &quot;body-only&quot; DSLR need a lens added before use?
What is a &quot;crisp&quot; photo?
Nikon zoom lens troubleshooting
Is digiscoping a good alternative to using a super-telephoto lens for birding?
How can I achieve a soft but detailed film look digitally?
My roll of film didnt rewind inside all the way?
How to estimate camera sensor size?
Body difference of D90 and D7100
Whats wrong with my roll of film?
How can the focal length of a lens be many times greater than the lens&#39;s physical length?
Can a lens be a zoom lens and a macro lens at the same time?
Most Common Aspect Ratio?
What is the best way to auto crop bulk images?
Aerial Camera Ground Footprint Calculation
How can I improve my exposure in low-light situations?
What should I buy? (new body vs. lens)
evaluating shutter speed in auto mode in Canon EOS xD
Older Lightroom and newer Camera (e.g. Lightroom 4.4 and EOS 70D) - will it work?
Effect of color space on RAW?
How do I tell if an image is exposed correctly when I can&#39;t trust the LCD?
Is it better for a beginner to start with black and white photography?
What are some good places to sell photo prints online?
Recommend which site to sell photos? and it is for Spanish-speaking community
How do I get accurate color when taking a photo of an LED?
How can I improve portraits when shooting in low light without flash?
Android application similar to Apple Aperture / Adobe Lightroom?
Is an aperture range of 3.5-5.6 shallow enough to provide great bokeh on a cropped sensor?
What techniques has Jennifer Tibbetts used to make her photos &quot;pop&quot;?
What is a normal lens?
What should I look for in a projector being used for photography?
Exporting jpg files from Lightroom without develop adjustments
Why can&#39;t I get a decent white background with product photgraphy?
What is difference between a 18-55mm and 18-105mm lens?
Nikon D750 or D5300 for YouTube Videos and macro/landscape photography?
Problems with shutter speeds in landscape orientation with Canon New F-1
Beginner Astrophotography
What is a macro lens?
How many &quot;MegaPixels&quot; can the human eye see?
What are the sales volumes of 50/1.4 and 50/1.8 lenses?
Easy DIY photo paper?
how to convert CR2 to jpg in batches on digital photo professional 4.1
Background blur vs. frozen object in long exposure flash photography
How to fix chromatic aberration with free software?
How many stops are there between 1/4000 and 1&quot; shutter speeds
What should I use to reassemble single 35mm film negatives into strips for scanning?
How can I tell what equipment and lighting setup was used for a studio portrait?
Can I use a Metz flash with Yongnuo trigger?
Timelapse software for Linux
What are the pros and cons of saving as DNG in camera and saving as proprietary RAW and convert in lightroom in post?
Why do pixels appear when skies are darkened using the graduation in Lightroom?
How can I prevent my lens hood from causing dark corners?
Why does AF assist light only work with center focus?
Does the Exposure Slider in Adobe Camera Raw Have Same Effect as in camera Exposure Compensation?
I can&#39;t see on display screen what I actually snap by Nikon D5200
Canon 600D Images
Does Nikon offer something like an API for developing 3rd party hardware?
What is the difference between Reversing Ring and Reverse Protect Ring?
Why do I keep getting out of focus shots on manual focus?
Sigma 18-35mm F1.8 Canon
Looking for a true 360 degree camera
Technically, why is the out of focus area blurred more when using a bigger aperture?
What does TTL mean?
How do I open a Nikon AS-2 flash coupler?
Why do most cameras only support 3 frames of auto exposure bracketing?
Is in-camera HDR and panorama better than post?
What are some tips for shooting in low light?
How to change which modules are auto-applied in Darktable?
Can I trick the Pentax K1000&#39;s meter to &quot;turn off&quot;?
How do I properly do shadowless product photos?
What is the difference between Adobe Photoshop and Lightroom?
What is the Leica look?
Fungus cleaning from a Nikon superzoom
How to shoot/capture the droplets of water being sprayed through a spray bottle
Why Focus Assist activating in full outdoor light on my Canon EOS Rebel?
Lens cap alternative to Canon cap which won&#39;t risk damaging my filter?
Horrible quality of prints developed from film
Lightroom: how to insert Lens data to many photos at once?
How to fix Nikon D5200 mode dial giving incorrect modes?
Simplest setup for photographing large woodflooring panels indoors
How to take unreal looking flower shots?
How to flag multiple photos in Lightroom?
What kind of filters might have been applied to these photos?
Color spaces for large prints / and or web
What cheap equipment can I use to hold a reflector in place?
Why are large zoom ratio constant apertures lenses not generally available?
Does Sony DT 18-135mm SAM lens has Full-time Manual focus feature
What do lens distortion data values a, b and c actually mean?
1 hour photography talk for seniors
What software is focused on reviewing and organizing images?
Wide-angle lens &#39;point and shoot&#39; -- Does it exist?
Are batteries for the Canon XXXD Rebel series interchangeable?
sorting photos from every minute to every hour
What&#39;s the best website for showcasing my work to the public?
Is it possible to use the lenses from a Canon Xl1 on a modern DSLR?
What is a good software for creating an archive of photos?
Seeking a way for &quot;authoritiative&quot;, proven method to prove that two photo images are &quot;nearly identical&quot;?
Is it possible to manage photos without importing them into libraries in iPhoto or Aperture?
What are the &quot;Continous&quot; and &quot;ISO Sensitivity&quot; settings in auto mode on a Coolpix l820?
Why do I get different white balance results from a grey card vs a white card?
Does it make sense to &quot;Expose to the Right&quot; except at base ISO?
DSLR in AF mode. Do we need to use Focus ring on lens?
Why does enabling color management make my colors desaturated?
How to mount a Gopro to DSLR?
Where to buy a D3100
Does the human eye experience noise as a camera would?
How can I avoid the &quot;Low Light!&quot; warning with Samsung S1050 compact camera in Night mode?
How do zoom, magnification, and focal length relate?
Any way to bring more detail back in the face in this picture of a man in dim stage lighting?
Is the Canon XL1 lens (1999) compatible with any of the new prosumer 1080 HD Canon bodies?
Considerations for Photographing a Nude Wedding
How can I use mirror lockup with wireless remote on a Canon T4i?
Saving 24MB Jpeg
Can I output from Lightroom with zero padded numbered names for use in contact cards?
How can I give an assitant rights to edit without having the possibility to download the image?
How to minimize/avoid purple fringing before/during shooting
Why is there no image noise in my webcam dark frame photographs?
Fit photos to available screen real estate in Lightroom on Retina/HiDPI screen
Flash issue on Canon 600d and 500d - showing Err 20 when flash is in manual mode
Are there super-macro lenses for getting &quot;inside&quot;?
How to determine the focal length needed to fill a frame with an object given the height and the distance of the subject?
What focal length does Lee Jeffries use for his portraits?
I was asked to design a calendar using my photos, what do I charge for the &quot;art fee&quot; for 12 photos, should my name and copyright be included?
Does Nikon make an external battery for the D7100?
Photo in windows preview show as portrait but in photoshop or msword show as landscape
Can I programatically manipulate Lightroom&#39;s &quot;rejected&quot; flag in images?
How to shift EXIF date/time created by time in days, hours, minutes?
What are the most important features to look for in a low budget hotshoe flash and why?
What does an expensive flash unit buy over a cheap one?
Sharp, in focus portraits - analyse an example please
Should I buy a adapter ring with or without AF confirm?
Composite battery adapter
Canon T2i - Pop-up flash does not pop up
Lightroom upload to Flickr: Replace Re-Published photos
What photo storage should I use if I want &#39;private&#39; photo tagging and easy backup?
How to use built-in flash with off-camera 430ex ii on my Canon 600D
Yongnuo YN560-II flash not firing with Nikon D3100
How do I capture the milky way?
Will a lens with a low aperture value give me better portrait photos?
How does the iPhone 5s manage to take HDR photos at full-frame rate?
Why Isn&#39;t This Photograph Pin Sharp?
How to remove unwanted colors in picture?
Can I ask Lightroom to delete copied photos from the SD card?
Why is my Canon Rebel T3i delayed 10 seconds or more before image capture?
Does a .png file extension on an iPhone image mean that the photo was edited or altered in any way?
What type of lens should I get for an air show?
Prevent Yellowing Under High Intensity Discharge Lights
Losslessly batch convert many JPEGs to sRGB?
How is it that DNG files are smaller?
Does super-sampling produce good results?
Can I fix a M42 50mm lens myself?
Is the attached digital camera on the top have the same magnification than visible in eyepiece?
What are resources for a report on digital vs film cameras?
What is &quot;solid angle&quot; and how does it relate to photography?
Can I use my room&#39;s wall as a diffuser for a spot light?
Unable to Install Canon Solution Disc
How do different books on Gimp compare?
What is the source of excessive noise in images from my D7000?
Can the method from the paper &quot;High-Quality Computational Imaging Through Simple Lenses&quot; compete with conventional lenses?
Is it fundamentally possible to capture an orthographic image of the real world?
Photoshop saved window arrangements
RAW images archive?
When would I _not_ want to use the content-aware mode of Photoshop&#39;s spot healing brush?
What&#39;s the dynamic range of the iPhone 6 Plus?
How can one capture gun bore shots?
What does f-stop mean?
How can I take long exposures on Nikon D7000 with a wireless remote?
What is development by inspection (DBI) and how is it done?
Taking multiple shots in Nikon HDR mode
Close range stereoscopic recording
Can I combine extension tubes and macro filters at once to give better macros?
What are those little hooks on extension tubes for?
What are the results of developing slide film (E-6 process) with C41 chemicals?
How do I do macro photography with a Tamron 18-270 VC macro lens?
How to calculate mean/average photo color in GIMP?
Nikon D800 Image Not Sharp
Where is the setting for metering mode located under the D90 menu?
What cloth patterns and colours should be preferred for clothes while shooting portraits in black and white?
Problem with processing .CR2 format in Linux
What is meant by pixels and DPI for photo submissions?
RF Flash triggers and transmitters
How can I open a very, very large image to downsize it?
What is Snapsort&#39;s true resolution?
What&#39;s a fairly simple way of taking a photo through a microscope?
How long will exposed film retain some latent image?
How does a modern DSLR camera and lens actually adjust its aperture
What is &quot;ISO&quot; on a digital camera?
Why can&#39;t I use my 64 GB SD card in my Nikon D60?
Auto-focusing problem on a Canon 500D with a EF-S 18-55mm 1:3.5-5.6 IS(standard kit lens)
Should the Canon EOS 6D get hot when connected to Wi-Fi?
What could cause pictures to come out too dark when using a ring flash?
Is there a Windows panorama stitching package that can stitch RAW files?
How can I determine the amount of disk space used by my Lightroom photo collection?
How to get consistent white balance on a 3 photo stack?
How can I add geotagging information to aerial photos?
How does long exposure photography work on digital cameras?
How does focus work on mobile phone cameras?
How do I repair a detached SB600 flash head tilt/rotate lock-release button?
Canon EOS Rebel T3i takes a photo upon turning it on
What is a pump zoom lens?
How can I configure the number of slides in Vuescan for batch scanning?
Are there any Eye-Fi compatible apps that will show histograms?
Why is it called ISO &quot;speed&quot;?
Is it better to get water-resistant camera bag for cycling, or upgrade to a weather-resistant camera?
Nikon Lens Types. What is AF, AF-S, D, G mean?
How to interpret a histogram to know whether the photo is under or over exposed?
Why are there white outlines around the subject in this photo when zoomed in?
Why are tripods forbidden in some public spaces and how to deal with it?
How do I get to be a ringside professional at wrestling promotions?
What setup/techniques is beaches.com using on their photos?
How do I focus in low light for long exposures?
How can I better take indoor photographs with wide aperture and low light?
What are some common uses of various blending modes?
How do you photograph artwork in a glass picture frame?
Just Add Sand: What kind of sand should I fill my sandbags with, and where can I find some for cheap?
How can I force my D5100&#39;s shutter to stay open?
Software to manage imports under Linux in addition to Corel After Shot
Is there a viable way to touch up the paint on an old camera body?
What&#39;s the best lens for shooting baby&#39;s and children?
Do focal length changing lens adapters affect the F-stop of a lens?
Can digital cameras sign images to prove authenticity?
What&#39;s the best bang for your buck to improve low light portrait shots: Lens, Flash or Body?
Why are my pictures so shakey?
What is the difference between the Canon EF 14mm f/2.8L USM and 14mm f/2.8L II USM?
How effective are the rear weather sealing rings on lenses?
How can I avoid a strange lens flare at bright lights when using UV filter?
Digital ISO vs Post-Exposure Correction
Is there an affordable ultra-wide-angle lens for the NEX?
Difference between shutter speed, iso and Aperture
Why are digital cameras said to suffer more from chromatic aberration than film cameras?
Are the terms &#39;push&#39; and &#39;pull&#39; relevant/applicable to digital photography?
What specific features do people upgrade camera bodies for?
How to lock aperture using Reverse ring with Canon 600D?
What causes this sort of RAW file corruption?
How can I tell if a photo is real or faked?
What is the best way to digitize old photographs for preservation?
In ACR 8.6, is there a shortcut-key to toggle the &quot;Convert to grayscale&quot; checkbox?
How do I calculate the number of stops between two shutter speeds?
Why isn&#39;t the aperture visibly changing on my lens when it appears like it is changing on my camera?
What Windows software can assemble a sequence of photos into a timelapse?
Dynamic range of Sony RX-100
Why are my photos not crisp?
Climbing trees and getting equipment up there
Convolution algebra and capture, creative, and output sharpening
How do I constrain filesize of a bunch of photos?
How to Bond Leg that I Broke of my Mini-Tripod?
How should I handle auto focus on a moving train
How to make camera LCD show true RAW data in JPG preview and histogram?
Is there a way to get Lightroom to extract only part of the folder name on export?
How can I get perfect sharpness when shooting still art?
Could a drop at the height of 50cm damage my Nikon D3100?
Why does crop factor apply with APS-C lenses, and why aren&#39;t these brighter than FF ones at same aperture?
Solutions to Multiple 70D Connected to a single computer?
Long Exposure shot - subject too bright
Why the trend of faded vintage photography?
Is there a way to get image names from DSLR to a tethered tablet?
Difference between Minolta MC and MD mounts and can they be used on AF camera?
Do I use the crop factor in calculating aperture size and area?
What do the healing brush tools in photoshop do exactly?
How can I improve this long exposure image?
How can I use flash with large apertures?
Blurry night time photos
What&#39;s the difference between zooming in on a subject vs moving closer?
Advantages of the RAW image file format
Which is better for portraits: 18-55mm or 75-300mm?
Why is Nikon 13 mm f/5.6 (the Holy Grail) considered extreme?
Is it possible to know the value of color temperature that camera applied on JPEG Images at taken moment?
Whats the approximate aperture of a pinhole camera?
Pictures I took from my Nikon D5000 have low contrast. Whats wrong with my camera?
Why does my Nikon D70 reject memory card after infrared conversion?
Map R+G+B+infrared to R+G+B?
Did the Canon Raw format change in 70D?
Missing photos on a roll of film?
Can I get a damaged Canon 70-300mm repaired more cheaply?
Are the aperture, ISO and shutter speed stops perfectly interchangeable?
Lumia 1020 Auto settings information?
Difference between long exposure in a dim room Vs. short exposure in a well-lit room (using a tripod, ISO 100)
Advice on Canon 7D Autofocus problems?
Incorrect exposed images when shooting sports
Dull and grainy photos
How can I make a picture like this one of a bridge in green landscape seem less plain?
How does iResolution on Panasonic Lumix DMC-GM1 (Micro Four Thirds) work?
What Digital Asset Management software supports multi-user collaborative catalog management?
How do you change from portrait to landscape in Lightroom?
Exposure shooting youth sports during a sunny day
Canon t3 screen issue
Why am I getting black photos when I use the Manual feature on my Nikon D5100?
Using bulb mode with EOS Remote app without having to hold down shutter button possible?
Is there any protection ring available for reversed lenses?
How to know if a Canon lens is compatible with my Nikon camera body?
Why do animals get green-eye?
Why does the camera say Subject is too Dark and refuse to click the shutter
Is the Canon 24mm f/1.4L II good for weddings?
Why does the LCD show only black in Live View in manual mode on T3i, until I half-press the shutter?
What do you do with your camera clock time in relation to time zones?
How to recover data from a damaged/chewed up SD card?
Viewfinder coverage: is it area or angle of view?
What is the maximum rate at which you could shoot frames (for a time lapse) on a Canon t5i?
Difference between Small Raw, Medium Raw and Raw in Canon 70D
What&#39;s the use of exposure bracketing in film cameras?
Can a photo of a book page be copyrighted?
Which software to assemble a time-lapse from images?
How do you focus a shot with an IR/UV passfilter?
Gigabit ethernet on Canon EOS 1DX
Infinity focus problem
How to take high key portraits
Why are big apertures used for landscape photography?
How can I get dramatic shallow DOF with a kit lens?
Not able to achieve shallow dof with aperture of f/4 in nikond5200
Sony a77 doesn&#39;t recognize Rokinon 85mm manual lens
Is the camouflage texture of certain wildlife lens covers relevant?
What is CMOS in SLR camera?
Dropped Nikon D50: auto focus not working
Is it possible to take a five minute exposure with a Canon Powershot SX 160 IS?
What&#39;s the difference between a regular lens and a macro lens?
First DSLR camera?
Does the selection of sRGB or Adobe RGB in camera when shooting RAW ever matter?
How to shoot panorama in Nikon d5200
JPG Images recovered immediatelly after deleting from SSD, but 95% of files can&#39;t be opened
In what kinds of images would high noise be most manageable?
Why would D90 preset white balance be no good
What kinds of images can I produce the least noise in when shooting in low light?
Is there an extended-life battery for the Sony NEX-6?
How can I get the shutter actuation count for Canon EOS 600D (Rebel T3i)?
Need advice on ND filters
Can a ghostlike image be caused by a overlap with previous frame on an SD card?
Programmable cameras that can take multiple shots at different focus settings
Camera displaying &quot;subject is too dark&quot; message when live view turned off
Adjustable group shot (add/remove people)
Big sensor and landscape photography, DoF
Multiple exposures vs. adjusting exposure of single RAW?
How can I capture blurry movement and freeze a subject in the same photograph?
Free program for editing pictures
how to determine how much power to use in manual mode for external flash?
Was there ever a photo that made people cry?
Why can lenses only focus from so close?
How do I create a sense of power and splendor in an image?
How to show happiness in a playground without any human presence?
An inexpensive way to make DIY gels?
Light meter calculations on micro four thirds
What is the best lens for taking photos of birds?
How can I set the aperture manually when using an old teleconverter on my Nikon D80?
Does the Canon EOS Rebel T5/1200D has any dust related problems?
What is back-focusing?
I cannot download pics into Elements 9
Converting cameras for infrared use: When does the filter have to be replaced, and when is simply removing it ok?
How to photograph a footprint on metal?
How can I reduce the effect of sodium vapor street lights in night photography?
Why isn&#39;t Windows 8 detecting my Nikon D3100?
Free softwares for editiing
How is the number of stops of benefit provided by VR determined?
Panorama macro possible?
Auto focus vs Single Continuous/Point focus
Product Photography without a Light Tent?
Lights for a Light Tent
Why can&#39;t I shoot continously with my Nikon DSLR?
How do I get that soft white look in my photos?
European/UK sources for quality book weight duo coated inkjet paper?
Applescript for Camera Control Pro activation
Can a 2 mp camera produce a 2 mb sized file?
How to batch process images retaining them as PNG in Photoshop?
How can I get accurate manual focus with an Olympus E-PL3 without having to zoom 5&#215; every time?
Why do I see posterization in photoshop (and aperture) when I don&#39;t see it on my LCD screen?
What remote flash triggers can you recommend, on a budget?
What advantage does giclee have over traditional photosensitive print making?
Lens for my Nikon D3200 dSLR is giving too much blur
How do waterproof lenses focus underwater?
What is the equivalent f/stop for 50mm?
I am not able to open raw files I have previously opened in photoshop 5.1
Multiple cameras tethering?
What are good things I can use as background roll supports?
Is there any software which will set the EXIF Dates based on the file&#39;s modification date?
What is the name and type of cable needed to connect 2 or more strobes to a camera so all will go off simultaneously when clicking the shutter button?
How to get photos to be under 500 pixels
What is Rembrandt lighting, and when do I use It?
Differences between canon 17-85mm and 18-55mm
Deactivating the pop-up flash on the Nikon D7000
Technical question about aperture and lens
Is it possible to get an interval precise up to 2 decimal places using a (software) intervalometer?
Which focal length lens do I need for portrait and landscape photography?
About Raw file format of Hasselblad H5D
Controlling multiple cameras
What is the difference between a telephoto lens and a zoom lens?
Is there a recommended aspect ratio for panoramic photos?
Is focus hunting &quot;normal behavior&quot; for the Sony SEL18200SE?
Bulk color-correct portrait backgrounds
Approximating a wide XPan shot
Are there any tetherable compact cameras?
Expeed 2 vs. Expeed 4 (D3300 vs. D7000)
What causes the lines in these photos of a fluorescent tube?
Studio backdrop for clean colored background?
What are the advantages of a lens having a fixed maximum aperture?
Can Sony&#39;s Image Data Converter do anything Lightroom can&#39;t do?
How can I increase the effective focal length of my lenses?
Why has my camera stopped taking pictures in low light?
Is there third-party software for Canon tethered live-view shooting?
Is there a way to automatically transfer photos from a DSLR to a PC hard disk as they are taken?
Is it possible to get tethered focus and aperture control with any current DSLR?
Recommendations to tether a Nikon DSLR to a Windows PC?
What settings should I use to take a burst at the highest possible FPS?
Why would I want to use a tilt shift lens for panoramic photography?
When does the Sony NEX-5R use release priority?
Replacing a Lens Mount
Sandisk Extreme Pro, 95MB/s - I think I might have bought a fake
Measure rolling shutter severity of image sensor scientifically
Stepping up my lighting for lego photography
Film question: is Arista EDU Ultra 400 still &quot;like&quot; Tri-X 400?
Does auto mode of flash metering have any advantage over TTL?
DSLR long exposures and sensor overheat
How do I keep my tripod mounted camera steady in strong winds?
What are the pros and cons of setting my camera to lock exposure on half press?
How can I shoot a photo, through a gun barrel?
Can I deduce the max. shutter speed from other camera specs?
How can I activate my AF assist beam on my external flash?
Does fps relate to still photography or videography?
What does &quot;Tone&quot; mean?
Is it assured that every type of lens will be made for a given interchangeable lens camera?
Why does this lens lose focus when you zoom in but not when you zoom out?
Photo loses detail out of photoshop
How does focal length determine lens quality?
Small bedroom studio, what type of lighting for portraits?
Can old photos be used in a self-published memoir without permission?
Why does the Canon 1D Mark III cost more than the 1D Mark IV?
What are the pros and cons of a cheap 3rd-party wireless remote control for Canon 1Ds Mark II?
Cheap underwater equipment for d300s
What lens should I use to be able to fill the frame with a mounted 35mm slide at 12 inches?
Canon 1Ds Mk II&#39;s scratched Low Pass filter. Now what?
Is a Canon 450D to Canon 1D Mk 2 upgrade worthwhile?
1/30 shutter speed with film camera
Upgrading firmware of an EOS-1Ds with large CF-cards
EOS-1v not compatible with non EF, manual lenses?
Trouble with Camera settings
fEE error using Nikon 85mm1.8 with nikon D80 camera
How do I accurately capture the colour of sunlight on a wall?
Good examples of RAW&#39;s advantages over JPEG?
What do all those cryptic number and letter codes in a lens name mean?
What are the best techniques for photographing overweight people?
What are your easiest photography beginner tips?
What blogs should I be following if I am learning photography?
What is bokeh, exactly?
What is the &quot;exposure triangle&quot;?
What is &quot;ISO&quot; on a digital camera?
How and why do you use an image histogram?
How do I approach people for a natural look in street photography?
How can I better organise and file my photos?
When do the differences between APS-C and full frame sensors matter, and why?
In portrait photography, what is &#39;broad&#39; lighting? What is &#39;short&#39; lighting?
How do you photograph rain?
What is RAW, technically?
Why do breathtaking views turn into &quot;boring&quot; photos, and how can I do better?
Why are lenses always round in shape?
How should I photograph falling snow?
Where can I find reviews of lenses?
Do fluorescent lighting and shutter speed create a problem with color cast?
How much do lens lineups vary across DSLR platforms?
What kind of photography is still better done with film cameras?
What am I photographing INSIDE my camera?
Is there a noticeable difference between 1.8 and 1.4 prime lenses?
What advantages does manual mode have over aperture priority mode?
How to make female chest look bigger?
How do I generate high quality prints with an ink jet printer?
How does one focus for landscape photos in very dark conditions?
What is Rembrandt lighting, and when do I use It?
How can I get my portrait subjects to look natural and drop the cheesy smile?
What is something you learned recently about your gear that you wish you discovered earlier?
Are there any downsides to using a good-quality UV filter?
How do I set the proper exposure for nighttime moon photos?
What is the &#39;Golden Ratio&#39; and why is it better than the &#39;Rule of Thirds?&#39;
How do I get started in Astrophotography?
Can the sun damage the camera sensor? Under what conditions?
Why do some lenses cost 10 times as much when the specs are very close?
What are the first few photography books someone should read?
Is watermarking worth it?
When is black and white likely to enhance an image?
What does f-stop mean?
What should I pay attention to when choosing a tripod?
Is there development in the world of lenses?
What tools are available for RAW image processing in Linux?
Tips for landscape+stars photography?
Why are wide-angle lenses so much more expensive?
What historic reasons are there for common aspect ratios?
What are the key photography-related features from Photoshop that are missing in GIMP?
Manual photography cheat sheet — where can I find one, or what should be on it?
Is it lenses which make your photographs, not camera bodies?
Where to get community-based feedback on my photos online?
What is the best way to micro-adjust a camera body to a particular lens?
What is &quot;angle of view&quot; in photography?
What exactly determines depth of field?
Why don&#39;t most cameras support PNG format?
Why aren&#39;t all viewfinders 100%?
Is there any significant difference between Nikon and Canon?
What is Ansel Adams&#39; &quot;Zone System&quot;?
What should I look for in a monitor for photo processing?
What&#39;s a good strategy for choosing which photos to keep?
What is a &quot;diffraction limit&quot;?
What is moir&#233;? How can we avoid it?
What are the best sites to share photo galleries with friends?
What is the Rule of Odds?
HDR then Panorama, or Panorama then HDR?
Why do pro photographers use huge lenses to take portrait shots?
What is the best way to clean lenses and filters?
How is ISO implemented in digital cameras?
What does &quot;expanded ISO&quot; mean?
Can anyone suggest books/resources on the artistic side of photography?
How many photos should I keep?
What are common beginner mistakes in photography?
Are there reasons to use colour filters with digital cameras?
What are good photography projects?
What can be done using a 18-55mm lens?
How can one learn to shoot with both eyes open, and what are the advantages?
What&#39;s the difference between saturation and vibrance in Lightroom?
Are &quot;Windows Photo Viewer&quot; rotations lossless?
Should I buy an original manufacturer battery, or is a generic brand OK?
Why is the 50mm prime lens the most standard?
Why do light sources appear as stars sometimes?
Should I keep Image Stabilization (IS) off when I do not actually need it?
What is the difference between a pentaprism and a pentamirror?
What apertures are required to enable autofocus, including cross-type or high-precision focusing, on Canon DSLR cameras?
Any good tutorials for learning how to post-process images?
Which tools are good for creating panoramas/stitching multiple photos?
How can I backup my RAW photos while travelling without Internet access?
What technique and camera settings should I use to capture lightning strikes?
What is the best way to synchronize Adobe Lightroom databases between two computers?
Is crop-factor a bad thing?
When best to use Multi-Zone/Matrix, Spot, or Center-Weight?
What is tone mapping? How does it relate to HDR?
Why do it &quot;in-camera&quot; rather than in post-processing?
Is switching to DNG worthwhile?
What are the must-have filters for a new photographer?
Is there any photography equipment designed to ease use for the disabled?
How do I tell which point-and-shoot cameras take good low light photos?
How can I get photos showing the &quot;shaft of light&quot; effect?
What are alternatives to a tripod when I can&#39;t take one along?
What is the &quot;Rule of Thirds&quot;?
Good examples of RAW&#39;s advantages over JPEG?
What do all those cryptic number and letter codes in a lens name mean?
What are the best techniques for photographing overweight people?
What are your easiest photography beginner tips?
What blogs should I be following if I am learning photography?
What is bokeh, exactly?
What is the &quot;exposure triangle&quot;?
What is &quot;ISO&quot; on a digital camera?
How and why do you use an image histogram?
How do I approach people for a natural look in street photography?
How can I better organise and file my photos?
When do the differences between APS-C and full frame sensors matter, and why?
In portrait photography, what is &#39;broad&#39; lighting? What is &#39;short&#39; lighting?
How do you photograph rain?
What is RAW, technically?
Why do breathtaking views turn into &quot;boring&quot; photos, and how can I do better?
Why are lenses always round in shape?
How should I photograph falling snow?
Where can I find reviews of lenses?
Do fluorescent lighting and shutter speed create a problem with color cast?
How much do lens lineups vary across DSLR platforms?
What kind of photography is still better done with film cameras?
What am I photographing INSIDE my camera?
Is there a noticeable difference between 1.8 and 1.4 prime lenses?
What advantages does manual mode have over aperture priority mode?
How to make female chest look bigger?
How do I generate high quality prints with an ink jet printer?
How does one focus for landscape photos in very dark conditions?
What is Rembrandt lighting, and when do I use It?
How can I get my portrait subjects to look natural and drop the cheesy smile?
What is something you learned recently about your gear that you wish you discovered earlier?
Are there any downsides to using a good-quality UV filter?
How do I set the proper exposure for nighttime moon photos?
What is the &#39;Golden Ratio&#39; and why is it better than the &#39;Rule of Thirds?&#39;
How do I get started in Astrophotography?
Can the sun damage the camera sensor? Under what conditions?
Why do some lenses cost 10 times as much when the specs are very close?
What are the first few photography books someone should read?
Is watermarking worth it?
When is black and white likely to enhance an image?
What does f-stop mean?
What should I pay attention to when choosing a tripod?
Is there development in the world of lenses?
What tools are available for RAW image processing in Linux?
Tips for landscape+stars photography?
Why are wide-angle lenses so much more expensive?
What historic reasons are there for common aspect ratios?
What are the key photography-related features from Photoshop that are missing in GIMP?
Manual photography cheat sheet — where can I find one, or what should be on it?
Is it lenses which make your photographs, not camera bodies?
Where to get community-based feedback on my photos online?
What is the best way to micro-adjust a camera body to a particular lens?
What is &quot;angle of view&quot; in photography?
What exactly determines depth of field?
Why don&#39;t most cameras support PNG format?
Why aren&#39;t all viewfinders 100%?
Is there any significant difference between Nikon and Canon?
What is Ansel Adams&#39; &quot;Zone System&quot;?
What should I look for in a monitor for photo processing?
What&#39;s a good strategy for choosing which photos to keep?
What is a &quot;diffraction limit&quot;?
What is moir&#233;? How can we avoid it?
What are the best sites to share photo galleries with friends?
What is the Rule of Odds?
HDR then Panorama, or Panorama then HDR?
Why do pro photographers use huge lenses to take portrait shots?
What is the best way to clean lenses and filters?
How is ISO implemented in digital cameras?
What does &quot;expanded ISO&quot; mean?
Can anyone suggest books/resources on the artistic side of photography?
How many photos should I keep?
What are common beginner mistakes in photography?
Are there reasons to use colour filters with digital cameras?
What are good photography projects?
What can be done using a 18-55mm lens?
How can one learn to shoot with both eyes open, and what are the advantages?
What&#39;s the difference between saturation and vibrance in Lightroom?
Are &quot;Windows Photo Viewer&quot; rotations lossless?
Should I buy an original manufacturer battery, or is a generic brand OK?
Why is the 50mm prime lens the most standard?
Why do light sources appear as stars sometimes?
Should I keep Image Stabilization (IS) off when I do not actually need it?
What is the difference between a pentaprism and a pentamirror?
What apertures are required to enable autofocus, including cross-type or high-precision focusing, on Canon DSLR cameras?
Any good tutorials for learning how to post-process images?
Which tools are good for creating panoramas/stitching multiple photos?
How can I backup my RAW photos while travelling without Internet access?
What technique and camera settings should I use to capture lightning strikes?
What is the best way to synchronize Adobe Lightroom databases between two computers?
Is crop-factor a bad thing?
When best to use Multi-Zone/Matrix, Spot, or Center-Weight?
What is tone mapping? How does it relate to HDR?
Why do it &quot;in-camera&quot; rather than in post-processing?
Is switching to DNG worthwhile?
What are the must-have filters for a new photographer?
Is there any photography equipment designed to ease use for the disabled?
How do I tell which point-and-shoot cameras take good low light photos?
How can I get photos showing the &quot;shaft of light&quot; effect?
What are alternatives to a tripod when I can&#39;t take one along?
What is the &quot;Rule of Thirds&quot;?
How can I backup my photos while travelling?
How do you photograph a lunar eclipse?
What is the best way for a hobbyist to start generating income from photos?
Is digital zoom really useful?
What are the pros and cons when shooting in RAW vs JPEG?
What is aperture, and how does it affect my photographs?
What is crop factor and how does it relate to focal length?
Should I get DX for my APS-C camera, or FX lenses in case I upgrade to full-frame in the future?
Does Photoshop have an equivalent to Gimp&#39;s &quot;Color to Alpha&quot;?
What should I look for when shopping for my first DSLR?
How can I take pictures through a skyscraper, airplane, or train window?
What&#39;s the best way to get constructive critique of your photographs?
Are there disadvantages to a prosumer camera for a beginner, aside from cost?
Will too much time-lapse photography reduce a DSLR&#39;s life, or cause any other damage?
How do I combine multiple exposures for action shots?
How do I convert lens focal length (mm) to x-times optical zoom?
Do professionals really never use a 24-70 lens?
Is there a general formula for image size vs. print size?
What should one look for when buying a used lens?
What&#39;s the best number of shots to combine to produce an HDR photo?
How does one create the Dave Hill effect for portraits/action shots?
What are the dangers of removing a lens while the camera is on?
Why do people recommend 50mm or other prime lenses as starting lenses for learning photography?
What&#39;s the difference between CCD and CMOS image sensors?
Why don&#39;t DSLRs come equipped with &quot;classic&quot; focusing screens (split prism, etc)?
How can I get sharp manual focus despite poor eyesight?
How can I maximize the &quot;blurry background, sharp subject&quot; (bokeh) effect?
What photo management software would you recommend for Linux?
What attributes should I look for when buying batteries for a flash?
Which focal-length lens is usually used for portrait photography, and why?
Which software to assemble a time-lapse from images?
What are good gifts between $50 and $100 for photographers?
How can I get dramatic shallow DOF with a kit lens?
What should I consider when using DSLRs in cold weather?
Why use a dedicated light meter instead of the one built into the camera?
Are equipment reviews from websites like kenrockwell.com and bythom.com reliable?
Do megapixels matter with modern sensor technology?
How to get a miniature effect on pictures without special equipment?
Is camera flash actually harmful to infants or newborns?
How were photographs printed in newspapers in 1929?
How can I take shallow depth of field photos with a point-and-shoot camera?
Do super-super-lightweight tripods exist?
What is &quot;Hyperfocal Distance&quot;?
What are some tips for shooting in low light?
In which situations should I use my circular polarizing filter?
How does one develop good photographic vision and style?
Unsharp mask - what do the parameters do?
How do I interpret an MTF Chart?
What methods do macro photographers use to get so close to butterflies, bees, insects and the like?
What does it mean for a photograph to be &quot;high key&quot;?
What kind of camera do I need to capture deep space images?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using auto ISO on a DSLR?
If I swallowed my SD Card would it be readable when it emerged?
Can I publish photos taken in public legally?
What makes a photo a good photo?
Help motivate me to use my SLR&#39;s manual mode
Why take diagonal photos?
Do good lenses really last a lifetime?
How can knowledge of human perception of color be used in photography?
Focus problem vs. motion blur vs. camera shake - how to tell the difference?
How can I show a slope? Even mountain roads appear flat in my photos
Do I really need a fast 50mm lens?
What does STM mean on a Canon lens?
Why am I unable to capture as many stars as I can see with my eyes with my new DSLR?
What situations are best suited for spot metering?
What is back-focusing?
What can a fisheye lens be useful for?
Are stock photo sites a viable source of income?
Does a photographer take pictures or make pictures?
How do I copyright my photographs?
What software can show my most frequently used focal length?
How do I use spot metering?
How do constant aperture lenses work?
How can I take advantage of fog in my photographs?
How do Micro 4/3s cameras compare with DSLR cameras?
Should I be shooting in RAW even though I&#39;m a beginner that doesn&#39;t know how to retouch photos yet?
What&#39;s the difference between Adobe RGB and sRGB and which should I set in my camera?
Is version control software used for photos?
Why is there an ISO setting when shooting raw?
What is the best technique for long-exposure photography in good light?
Lightroom vs. Elements vs. Photoshop: Side-by-side comparison?
What software is focused on reviewing and organizing images?
Does Auto White-Balance Really Work? How?
Why do flashes make a whistling sound when recycling?
Is it worth to upgrade from Canon 50mm f/1.8 to Canon 50mm f/1.4 on 550d?
How does autofocus work?
What&#39;s the difference between using black and white mode in-camera, and converting in post?
What is &quot;bokeh panorama&quot; (also called the &quot;Brenizer method&quot;)?
What options are there for good, cheap online backup of photos?
(How) should I start with film photography?
How do I choose a title for a photograph?
Why are tripods forbidden in some public spaces and how to deal with it?
What does the number of elements and groups in a lens mean?
How do I capture the milky way?
Better to buy an older high-level camera or newer entry-level camera?
How can I stop my HDR shots looking so fake?
What is the difference between EF and EF-S lenses?
Why don&#39;t they make all DSLRs with an electronic shutter?
What should one consider when choosing a style of tripod head?
Should I buy a camera with kit lens, or body plus lens separately?
What options are there for a camera bag that does not look like one?
What are the best online photo classes?
How does aperture work without &quot;cropping&quot; the image hitting the sensor?
When is manual focus better than autofocus?
How many actuations are &quot;too many actuations&quot;?
Can anyone recommend a good open-source photo management platforms for power users?
Why are there no dark yellows, or bright violets?
Should I shoot underexposed photos?
What is the &#39;Diagonal Method&#39; and should I use it instead of &#39;The Rule of Thirds?&#39;
How can I test a new lens to make sure it is operating correctly?
How can I hold my camera steady?
What does it really mean that telephoto lenses &quot;flatten&quot; scenes?
Should higher ISOs really be preferred (all other things being equal)?
Why does every digital camera save photos in a directory called DCIM?
How can I know what speed card to get for my camera?
Is there a trick to shooting large group portraits without blinkers?
How do I move my post-processing beyond Picasa?
What are the differences between Picasa and Lightroom, other than price?
How much benefit can one expect from a monopod?
Tips for photographing a wedding
How do I give someone a critique of their photograph?
How should I pack equipment when travelling in countries with high crime rates?
What are the best techniques for making great photographs of LEGO creations?
Why no zoom lenses below f/2.8?
What are the major differences between these camera series by Canon?
Will a tilt-shift lens solve my &#39;leaning building&#39; shots?
What options do I have for GPS/Geotagging  with a digital SLR?
What is the difference between a linear and a circular polarizer?
How do popular free RAW editor/converter compare to each other on Windows?
What is the definition of a &quot;prime lens&quot;?
What is a macro lens?
What is a pancake lens?
What&#39;s the best way to scan in hundreds of pictures?
What is the advantage to back-button autofocus?
What does a hexagonal sun tell us about the camera lens/sensor?
Why is the blue channel the noisiest?
Why does a bigger sensor lead to a shallower depth of field?
What&#39;s a concise &quot;I&#39;m not dangerous&quot; phrase for a business card?
Do sensors wear out?
What do Pentax, Sony, and Olympus DSLRs offer that differs from Canon and Nikon?
Is it ok to breathe on the front glass element of a lens to fog it and clean it?
What is the best way to clean the sensor on a digital SLR?
How do I get a photographer pass for gigs and concerts?
Are Sigma lenses comparable to Canon lenses for a Canon camera?
Can I damage the focus system by turning the focus ring when the lens isn&#39;t mounted?
Why are some lens hoods petal shaped and others not?
How can I get a good HDR image from a single RAW file?
How does Image Stabilization / Vibration Reduction work?
How can I recover deleted photos from an SD Card?
How does one get manual focus right with a fast-aperture lens?
What are Color Profiles and where would I find information on using them properly?
What portrait posing rules do you recommend for studio photography? 
What are the pros and cons of lab prints versus using a printer?
Is it possible to be color-blind and still be a good photographer?
What precautions should I take when taking a camera into humid conditions?
How do you make the most stunning sunrise and sunset photos?
How can I calculate what the effect of an extension tube will be?
How do I properly position a lens hood?
Is there a &#39;rule of thumb&#39; that I can use to estimate depth of field while shooting?
When to use shutter priority instead of aperture priority?
What is the effect of a scratched lens?
Why store both JPEG and raw?
How can I make extra money with photography?
What is Bakker&#39;s Saddle?
How do I keep the horizon straight when taking a photo (without a tripod)?
How do I get over my shyness when taking photos of strangers?
Is it practical to shoot portraits by only candlelight?
What is the best way to remove texture from a scanned textured photo paper?
How do you achieve sharp bokeh circles?
Why do photos of digital screens turn out the way they do?
What benefit does Lightroom 3 offer over Photoshop + Bridge?
When should I use graduated ND filters and when should I use HDR processing?
Do you still bracket your photos?
What are your photography tips for people who are casual photographers?
What are your tips for guiding an inexperienced model?
How do you protect yourself at protests?
How do you find out the &quot;sweet spot&quot; of a lens?
What medium format  film camera should an SLR guy look at?
What can I use as a &#39;holster&#39; to keep DSLR handy but secure while hiking?
What settings should I be using to photograph fireworks?
Which is a better way to store your photos? RAW or TIFF?
What cheap colour calibrators are available for Linux?
Why can I adjust the white balance of a RAW file but not a JPEG file?
Do I lose anything converting to DNG?
How to attribute Flickr Creative Commons photos online?
What tagging system do you use?
Why can&#39;t the ISO level on most digital cameras be set below 80?
How do you select the 10 best images from a set of 300?
Does changing the focal length change focus?
What is a zone plate?
How to create an eye-path?
Why don&#39;t cameras support JPEG 2000 format?
What lenses would best comprise a travel photography kit?
How do I calculate the distance of an object in a photo?
When is it okay to have blown highlights and shadows?
What is the difference between in-lens image stabilizing and sensor-based image stabilizing?
How to do the ghost mannequin effect?
What are the differences between E-TTL, i-TTL, and P-TTL?
When you zoom in with a lens on an SLR why does the lens go in then out?
How does exposure fusion work?
Why can&#39;t I see bokeh in the viewfinder?
Without modification, is the built-in pop-up flash EVER appropriate?
How to nail focus for DSLR astrophotography?
What is the &quot;Rule of 600&quot; in astrophotography?
Why is giving clients RAW files such a sensitive matter among photographers?
Why do cameras use proprietary batteries?
Which cameras support DNG natively?
In Lightroom 3, what is the difference between exposure and brightness?
What are some good online photo challenges?
What is the meaning of &quot;white balance&quot;?
What steps should I take if my photo is used without permission?
What are the most notable differences between Canon and Nikon lenses?
With all other things equal, in a DSLR, will a larger sensor produce a sharper image?
Estimating focal length range required for shooting scenario
What tips and advice do you have for photographing the Aurora Borealis?
When doing portraits, how to get serious insightful expressions?
How can I get an advertisement-like photo of a pint of Guinness?
How do you handle the varying sizes of filters in your kit?
How do soft focus or defocus control rings work?
What do you learn in a BA in Photography that can&#39;t be self taught?
What do you recommend for a high quality photo book service?
How to cope with high contrast?
Recommended photography magazines
How do I trigger the flash in a way that takes luck out of high-speed photography?
How do I properly white-balance my photographs when I&#39;m shooting in mixed-lighting environments?
Can I leave the batteries in my camera?
How do mountains affect lighting at sunrise and sunset?
Does my crop sensor camera actually turn my lenses into a longer focal length?
Is it acceptable in photography to never use flash?
Are there general rules for selecting the correct shutter speed and ISO in manual mode?
In portrait photography, what is a &quot;catchlight&quot;?
What is Lead Room?
How do I meter for long exposures (10+ minutes)?
Why would I want to select an autofocus point?
Should pro photographers learn to work around amateurs at events?
What do Hue, Chroma, Saturation, Value, Tones, Tints, Shade, etc. mean?
What characteristics make a lens good or bad?
Why don&#39;t cameras capture dynamic range as our eyes do?
Is GPU or CPU more important for Photoshop and Lightroom?
How to shoot extreme macro shot of an image formed on a water droplet?
How do I take flattering photos of people with acne (scarring)?
Why don&#39;t camera flashes use proprietary batteries?
How should I respond to a lowball offer for commercial use of one of my photographs?
Should I really lug around a lens cap everywhere?
What are considerations when choosing a DSLR brand?
What are some techniques for hand-held image stabilization?
What method is best to take backups of your digital photos?
How do I know if I&#39;m ready to turn professional?
What are the best practices for DOF stacking?
What tools do you recommend for creating HDR images?
What photo-sharing websites expose camera serial numbers?
How do I digitally post process Moon photos?
Do electric ink/electronic paper &quot;digital&quot; picture frames exist?
How do I photograph moving subjects to allow good HDR processing?
Where can I print a panorama?
How to take great night shots?
What software should I use for HDR processing on Linux?
What are good resources for a beginning photographer?
Canon 50mm lens: f/1.2 L or f/1.4? Alternative brands?
How can I take pictures of far-away mountains to the South?
What is &quot;reciprocity failure&quot;?
How can I make short people look taller in photographs?
What am I losing when using extension tubes instead of a macro lens?
What is noise in a digital photograph?
What is special about lenses with f-number &lt; 1?
What makes a strong wide-angle composition?
Why does fungus form in lenses, and how to get rid of it?
CSI image resolution enhance: How real is it?
How does Peter Lik manage to capture the stars in such detail in the following photograph?
Are DSLRs a dying breed, making now the time to switch to a mirrorless camera system?
Do the Lightroom lens correction tools make good lenses less important?
What does a &#39;nano crystal coat&#39; do on this lens?
Why and how do &quot;bigger pixels&quot; make a better picture?
Is there any practical difference between saving at 300ppi or 72ppi?
Why use higher ISO when using a tripod and the object is static?
Is there an EXIF standard for tagging people in photographs?
What makes a DSLR better than a Point &amp; Shoot?
What are must have accessories?
What ND filter would you recommend?
What does a lens hood do?
What is Universal White Balance (UniWB)?
How to Avoid Red-Eye in Photos?
Is the Zone System useful with a DSLR?
What is the difference between digital high ISO noise and film grain?
How do I remove dead pixels from a digital photo?
Why do some lenses cost so much?
Disadvantages of split-prism focusing screens?
How useful is the top LCD screen on a DSLR?
How hard would be photographing a wedding with just prime lens?
How do I choose a polarizer?
How can a 18-55mm lens focus on objects beyond 55mm?
For sports photography, should I use image stabilization or a faster lens?
Are there specific techniques/filters for snowscapes?
What&#39;s &quot;real&quot; and what&#39;s &quot;virtual&quot; on a (digital) camera?
When should you use a normal flash vs a second-curtain flash?
How can I validate my monitor&#39;s color calibration?
How do I make sure my RAW files are readable in the future?
Is there any noise difference between averaged and long exposure photos?
How to capture the scene exactly as my eyes can see?
Is there any plugin for Lightroom that enables face recognition?
How does the dynamic range of the human eye compare to that of digital cameras?
Lightroom plugin development -- is it worth it?
Why is a 1&quot; sensor actually 13.2 &#215; 8.8mm?
Should an artist/photographer admit to a photo being edited?
Is it better to shoot with a higher ISO, or use lower ISO and raise the exposure in post-processing?
How can I reduce the noise present when taking pictures without lowering my ISO?
Considerations when purchasing a prime lens?
Should I be worried about getting dust inside my SLR?
Software for creating lighting plans/diagrams?
Is Image Stabilization better in the lens or the body?
How to choose a lens for my first DSLR?
Why don&#39;t professional SLR cameras use SD or SDHC memory?
Is it better to have one large memory card or several smaller ones?
How often should memory cards be formatted?
Tips for taking headshot self-portraits?
Does the camera white balance setting affect the raw image at all?
What is exposure compensation?
How do I focus in low light for long exposures?
What to do with an old film camera?
Are airport x-ray scanners safe for DSLRs / lenses / storage media?
How do I calibrate the diopter correction on my DSLR&#39;s viewfinder?
How to make travel photography captivating, intriguing, thrilling?
How do I get started with RAW photography?
How do you use a gray card?
What do I need to get photos with a unifom black background (not with post)?
What are the first few steps a beginner should take in post processing?
Why there is no Canon 50mm *IS* lens?
What are the best and worst diffuser materials for DIY softbox/light tent?
What is &#39;freelensing&#39;?
Should I geotag the location of the subject or the photographer?
Why use a small aperture when trying to see sensor dust?
Is it better to store edited photos as PSD or TIFF files?
How can I get a &#39;touristy&#39; photo of myself when travelling alone?
How do I get a stuck screw filter off of my lens?
What are good advanced books on the physics and science of photography?
How do I get the best results with a cell phone camera?
What is one &quot;stop&quot;?
How to photograph smoke?
Is the iPhone 4S camera good enough to serve as one&#39;s &quot;everyday-carry&quot;?
Why would one shoot a fully blurred picture?
How to capture detail of craters on the moon?
What is the Black Card Technique?
What surface to use for food photography?
How do I get good colors when taking pictures in the city at night?
How to photograph a room showing both room &amp; view out a window?
Why do some photographers cover up the brand-name on their camera?
If I paid for photography am I entitled to raw images?
Does simply opening and closing a JPEG file decrease image quality?
What is focal length and how does it affect my photos?
What are the advantages of shooting in a proprietary RAW format over DNG?
What exactly is flash sync speed, and should it be a factor in a buying decision?
How many stops can a digital camera capture?
How much &quot;noise&quot; is acceptable in a photograph?
What is mirror lockup and what is its primary function?
What types of filters are there and what&#39;s their use?
What is the distinction between a professional and amateur photographer?
How long should a lens last?
What&#39;s the easiest way to create passport-sized prints?
What special care do large telephoto lenses require?
What&#39;s the easiest and safest way to sell photo gear?
How can I get the shutter actuation count for Canon EOS 500D/550D?
Do professionals all edit their pictures heavily?
How do I manage good photos of babies and kids?
What makes a Carl Zeiss lens so special in a smartphone?
List of Adobe Lightroom resources
How to determine when I&#39;ve lost interest in photography?
What is the shutter speed needed to stop motion?
Prime lens or flash: which upgrade will most improve baby photos?
What&#39;s the benefit of a tiny aperture?
What goes into making smooth, crisp, fashion magazine worthy shots?
What is the difference between Canon &quot;L&quot; lenses and non-L lenses?
What are the biggest issues with wearing glasses as a photographer and how can they be overcome?
What are some good places to sell photo prints online?
Why do compact digital cameras not have the aperture range of DSLRs?
Is there an equivalent to Adobe&#39;s &quot;Vibrance&quot; in Gimp?
How do you get the eyes extremely sharp in the photo?
Can manual focus be faster than autofocus?
What&#39;s different about photographing at sunrise vs. sunset?
Why do animals get green-eye?
What is Miksang Photography?
How do I &quot;shoot from the hip&quot; in street photography?
Which is &quot;the most memorable, mind-changing photograph of all time&quot; that Galen Rowell talks about?
Why are there limitations to the upper limit of exposure time in digital cameras?
Is high ISO useful for photography?
Do ND filters increase the dynamic range that a camera can &#39;see&#39;?
Why do wide angle prime lenses have relatively small apertures?
How to capture the scale of a scene?
Do very short shutter speeds result in diffraction?
What is ETTR (Expose To The Right)?
Are there drawbacks when using Panasonic lenses on Olympus Micro Four Thirds cameras?
How are &quot;Little Planet&quot; photos created?
Can one tell, just by looking at a picture, if it&#39;s a sunset or a sunrise?
Is it physically possible to build a long zoom (17-300 mm for example) at an aperture value of around 1.4 or 1.2?
How does automatic sensor cleaning work?
How many &quot;MegaPixels&quot; can the human eye see?
How to have colors in Milky-way?
When were white seamless backgrounds and platforms first used in studio lighting?
What makes a DSLR camera &quot;entry-level&quot;?
How can I add a border to a JPEG photo without affecting quality?
What should I consider when purchasing a macro lens?
Should I buy a DSLR to get started?
What is the difference between a softbox and a shoot-through umbrella?
Is it possible to do infrared photography with digital cameras?
How do I use gels to make my flash match the color of the ambient light?
How does Picasa process RAW photos?
How to take a good landscape picture against the sun?
What are the pros and cons of a video camera versus a DSLR that can take video?
ND filter or exposure compensation?
What makes a camera &quot;professional&quot; vs. amateur/hobbyist?
What are best practices for using Lightroom libraries?
How can one deal with midday light in street photography?
How much should an amateur charge for a portrait session?
How do you protect a camera and lens while photographing in rain or snow?
Why am I allowed to turn my focusing ring beyond infinity?
What is background compression?
Can anything be done to reduce the shutter sound on my SLR?
What is meant by the &quot;native ISO&quot; when talking about DSLRs?
Is there a camera bag with extra space that I use as an airplane carry-on?
TV or AV bracketing for HDR imaging?
How should I go about finding awesome locations for landscape shots?
What does TTL mean?
What is butterfly lighting, and when do I use it?
What are some effective techniques for photographing subjects who wear glasses?
How do I go about becoming a second shooter for a wedding photographer?
How to shift EXIF date/time created by time in days, hours, minutes?
How does the human eye compare to modern cameras and lenses?
How do I reduce noise, given that I have complete control over everything else?
What&#39;s the best way to create a tilt-shift photograph?
Why is the aperture ring removed from new Nikon lenses?
Why should my last post-processing step be sharpening?
What&#39;s the difference between cross-type autofocus points and regular ones?
Do smaller apertures provide more depth of field past the diffraction limit, even if peak sharpness suffers?
What should my plan be for photographing in a nightclub setting?
How do I set up a home portrait studio area in zero space?
What are the advantages of using the optical viewfinder over live preview to take photos on a DSLR?
What is decentering?
How can I tell exactly what changed between two images?
What solutions are available for a self-hosted portfolio website?
How can I photograph welding?
What is an easy way to remember the full stop scale?
Are small on-flash softboxes useful, or a gimmick?
What is &quot;golden hour&quot;?
Are there any free but comparable alternatives to Lightroom?
What is the practical difference between phase-detect and contrast-based autofocus?
What is the advantage of the huge number of AF points?
How can I make an interesting, unique photograph of a city skyline?
Why does storing a long exposure photo take almost as long as the exposure time itself?
What are the optimal JPEG settings for high-resolution Facebook photos?
Which lens serves best as the only lens on a cropped body for a beginner: the 40mm f2.8 or 50mm f1.8?
How do I approach bricks and mortar galleries to sell my photography?
How do graduated ND filters actually work?
How do photographers manage multiple lenses?
Is it true that shooting in live view mode adds noise to the picture?
What&#39;s the safest camera position in a camera bag?
How do I choose a professional photographer for my wedding or newborn?
What camera first made you fall in love with photography?
Photographing Lightning Strikes: White Balance
How does a circular lens produce rectangular shots?
Are there any really silent but good DSLR cameras?
What is the 18% gray tone, and how do I make a 18% gray card in Photoshop?
Recommendations for insuring camera equipment?
Which equipment for beginning underwater photography?
Is it possible to convert a film SLR to digital?
Can I use old Pentax lenses on newer Pentax DSLRs?
What is a great portrait lens for Nikon (under $1000)?
What are Extension Tubes?
What is the best site for ordering prints online?
What should I look for when choosing a stock web sites to sell through?
How does the lens diameter influence photo quality?
What&#39;s the difference between the levels of weather sealing on DSLRs (e.g. 50D vs 7D vs 5D vs 1D)?
What else changes with zoom?
Is there a film scanner that can read the data from APS films and include it in the EXIF metadata?
Is there construction-agnostic term for a lens with a long focal length?
Why does my Lightroom/Photoshop preview change after loading?
Do Lightroom and Aperture force you into using a specific folder structure?
Is it worth it to have the 50mm f/1.8 Canon lens?
Why is the depth-of-field preview in the optical viewfinder of my Canon 500D inaccurate?
What&#39;s the best technique and kit for taking a picture of the Milky Way in a nearly pitch black landscape?
What features differentiate Nikkor and Tamron/Sigma lenses?
How can dynamic-range be larger than sensor bit-depth?
How does a teleconverter affect depth of field?
Digital camera for someone without a computer?
Is there good free software for editing Canon RAW files?
How much contrast should I have?
How to photograph a partial solar eclipse?
Other than the iMac, what&#39;s a brilliant display for my images?
How can you write/convert Picasa&#39;s People tags to the EXIF data?
Where can I find the maximum lens weight for my camera?
How can you tell when a sunset is going to be spectacular?
Which photographer do you find inspirational?
What is dynamic range and how is it important in photography?
Prints: Pro labs vs. supermarkets - what&#39;s the difference?
What size should I print at for gallery shows?
What are the limitations of a typical kit lens as a general purpose lens?
What does the theta symbol near the flash represent?
How do camera body motors compare to in-lens motors for focusing?
Can a smaller sensor&#39;s &quot;crop factor&quot; be used to calculate the exact increase in depth of field?
Does it give higher quality to shoot in low-res mode in-camera, or to downsize high-res photos later?
Does the dpi number reported by camera in JPG have any meaning?
How does the GoPro camera perform for photography?
ND Filter not Dense enough - How do I get long exposures in very bright situations, where my ND filter isn&#39;t enough?
What is the difference between Canon&#39;s black inks?
How do I &quot;focus and recompose&quot; using spot metering?
What does the dot on some zoom lens scales mean?
What is the best way to handle overexposed sky in post-processing?
Why don&#39;t stock DSLR camera straps have quick-releases on them? And where can I find a simple strap that does?
What are the basic workings of the Lytro light-field camera?
How to speed up autofocus on moving subjects under low-light conditions?
How to test actual focal length?
How do I use Graduated Neutral Density filters?
How well do smart phone light meter apps work?
Why are larger sensors better at low light?
What are the advantages or disadvantages of a back illuminated CMOS sensor?
When is it OK to place the subject in the middle of a picture?
How do event photographers balance &quot;spontaneous&quot; snapshots versus well-executed shots?
Is it true that there are no stabilized prime lenses (and if so, why)?
What exactly does Tone Curve do in Lightroom?
What are the biggest differences between Reversal Rings, Extension Tubes and Macro Lenses?
Why do my prints look different from what I see on my computer monitor?
Why does a 15-second exposure on my camera actually last 16 seconds?
Where can I get free RAW files online for practicing with Lightroom?
How do I achieve fireworks pictures such as the hirobamboo method?
How do the stars in this photo appear without star trails even at a long shutter speed?
How can I restore analog pictures destroyed by airport X-Rays?
Do any DSLRs offer in-camera file encryption?
How do I explain that post-processing is an important step in producing good photos?
What is the white balance of film?
How to explain to your client that a camera flash does no harm to infant?
Why do two lenses with the same F-number give different amount of light?
Do the infrared photographs really contain infrared colors?
Is it bad to mimic other photographers to compensate the lack of one&#39;s creative skills?
Is there a sane reason why &#185;⁄₁₂₅ is not, instead, exactly half of &#185;⁄₆₀?
How do I capture the moon and its surrounding context?
What could I do to take a better picture of this outdoor fountain at night?
What is ISO and how does it affect my photos
Which camera bag for a single DSLR camera plus 2 lenses?
What is an ultra-wide lens?
How can I see the number of shutter actuations for my Canon EOS 350D?
What advantages does 35mm film have over high-end digital?
What techniques do you employ to control contrast in your landscape shots?
How do I clean the inside of my viewfinder?
What equipment is required for a home studio?
Are there any good open source noise removal tools?
What is the best Canon lens (around $500) for taking pictures of my newborn?
Can a laser pointer damage the sensor in a digital camera?
Are there sites where I can compare pro versus amateur photographer work?
How can I determine the minimum shutter speed to avoid blur from camera shake?
What should I look out for when buying a second-hand DSLR body?
How can I make good fountain/waterfall photos?
Are digital sensors sensitive to UV?
What are the criteria to decide whether a photo is &quot;technically correct&quot; or not?
What makes someone a good photographer?
What is a Cheap (less than USD50) Piece of Kit would make a Good Gift for a Photographer?
Tips for shooting in an aquarium?
What are the disadvantages of using a diffuser on a flash?
What license to use?
Why are photographic gels called &quot;gels&quot;?
Fast prime vs. expensive zoom for indoor sports photograhy?
What are shutter actuations?
What is a good two lens &quot;starter kit&quot;?
Do DSLRs play games with ISO when used with fast lenses?
How can I take a macro shot without a macro lens?
What is the best background color to use when displaying images?
What are some tips for photographing rainbows?
What fixed lens to use on a cropped sensor DSLR for mountain landscape photography?
What things should one take into account when looking at cropping a photo?
Why is image stabilisation making images unsharp?
What good DIY projects (which involve a digital camera) do you know?
What are the cons of a backpack-style camera bag?
How much of a difference do different color spaces make?
How do I predict exposure when using flash?
Does longer exposure increase saturation?
How do you determine how much to ask for when someone wants you to photograph a wedding?
How do I know what to charge for licensing an image?
How should one best manage large collections of photographs?
Should I switch off image stabilization when photographing my 2 year old?
What is the best lens for taking photos of birds?
Why don&#39;t more people use fisheye lenses as a cheap wide angle lens?
How are virtual tour photos taken?
What makes a camera an &quot;SLR&quot;?
Ideas for Daily Exercises to Improve Photography Technique
How can I trigger multiple cameras to fire simultaneously?
How should one sharpen differently depending on the target usage for a photo?
Should I adjust a print knowing that it will be hung in a fairly dark place?
How can aperture be f/11 on a lens with an aperture range designation of 3.5-5.6?
How many colors and shades can the human eye distinguish in a single scene?
When would one need manual focus override?
What is &quot;micro contrast&quot; and how is it different from regular contrast?
How to get good results with the built-in popup flash?
What are the major differences when digitizing slides/negatives with a DSLR vs. a scanner?
What are the downsides of leaving my camera in burst mode all the time?
How can I get better focus when a subject is moving towards or away from the camera?
What will happen if I install the Magic Lantern firmware on my Canon 550D?
What does it mean for light to be soft or hard?
How do I find the aperture that produces the highest-quality images for a given lens?
Why does a larger aperture cause more blur of the background?
Where does the DSC file name prefix come from?
Why do some professional cameras have dual memory card slots?
Will I lose image quality by adjusting white balance in post processing?
How did they post process before Photoshop?
How can I get better results photographing dry erase boards?
Are flashes really subject to a &quot;use it or lose it&quot; problem?
What are jpeg artifacts and what can be done about them?
What makes this Eggleston picture great?
What is T-number / T-stop?
Do rounded edges on aperture blades improve image sharpness, and how?
How should I approach people to take their portrait?
What makes the focus ring on a lens go smoothly?
Is it dangerous to do a lens change with power on?
Is it worth keeping the original packaging for gear such as lenses and camera bodies?
How to photograph people with a prominent (wide, big) nose?
What is so special about ISO 1600?
How do lens lineups vary across Mirrorless camera systems?
Why do cameras use a single exposure rather than integrating across many very quick reads?
Why is my far away background in focus even with a low aperture number?
How can I photograph a reflective convex cylindrical trophy without reflections?
Why don&#39;t cameras have autofocus points in the edges and corners?
How do you develop &#39;creative taste&#39; in order to take a good photo?
Why do I see this yellow color shift at high ISOs and fast shutter speeds?
Hour long exposure of the sun
Are Nikon DSLR sensors actually better than Canon&#39;s?
Should I store unedited/raw, edited, or watermarked images while backing up on DVD/CD?
How to fix uneven/gradient lighting on a canvas with white background?
What are some of your pre-shoot checklist tips?
What is the best negative scanner (35mm) for $400 or less?
Which scenarios are better shot with a prime lens versus zoom lens or macro lens?
What DSLR should I buy?
What&#39;s an excellent walkabout lens?
Where is it best to meter for sunrise and sunsets?
How does &quot;sweep panorama&quot; compare to traditional montage?
Which suits better for hobby usage: extension tubes vs. close-up filter?
What is a focusing rail?
What focal length gives a &quot;normal&quot; field-of-view on APS-C cameras?
Are there any mobile applications that calculate sunrise/sunset based on location?
Where can I find reviews of and tools for comparing cameras?
Tips for leading a photowalk?
What types of filter cannot be emulated by post-processing?
Is it worth it (or even possible) to clean a microfibre cloth?
What storage solutions are there for working with large volumes of digital photo data?
What is &quot;feathering&quot; a light?
What should I look for in a polarising filter?
Is there a recommended aspect ratio for panoramic photos?
Are there any important considerations for stock photos?
DSLR, Lens, and other considerations for Aerial Photography
If my photo is &quot;copied&quot; through a painting, is that a legal?
How do you create a watermark for photos?
What GPS would you recommend for geo-tagging?
When to use a particular auto-focus mode
What are good schemes for storing photo equipment at home?
How can I create an inexpensive white backdrop?
How does one use circular polarizers?
What is an effective exposure strategy?
How to improve focus accuracy?
What white point temperature should I set my LCD monitor to?
What are the alternatives to Photoshop? Is Gimp a good option?
How can slightly blurred photos be improved in post processing?
Is a model release needed for all commercial photo sales?
After monitor calibration colors on my two monitors are still different, why?
How many images can a Lightroom catalog really handle?
My viewfinder is too small — what can I do about it?
How do you photograph artwork in a glass picture frame?
I want to graduate from camera operator to photographer
Is it ok to use a lens hood in low light?
Should I be worried about ownership of photos taken on my camera by others?
What is a kicker?
Filters for a Wide-Angle Lens
What is the &quot;Newton Effect&quot;?
How can I make my new DSLR more portable and convenient?
Where does the term &quot;f-stop&quot; come from?
What are the key differences between the Canon 60D and Canon 600D?
What is the most unusual household item you&#39;ve found useful in a photographic context?
Why do some photo albums companies only allow &quot;Professional Photographers&quot; to buy them?
How can I make colorful, &quot;saturated&quot; photos like this example?
What is metallic paper?
How can I self-publish a photography book?
Suggestions for photographers / videographers to best work together at the same event?
Why isn&#39;t the xvYCC color space seeing uptake for still photography?
What are good techniques for photographing newborns?
What is the Nyquist Limit and what is its significance to photographers?
Why not use a camera as a colorimeter?
Which piece of equipment is holding me back?
Why invest in high end large- and medium-format digital cameras?
Why does JPEG quality go up to twelve?
What is Bulb Mode?
What is &quot;Highlight Tone Priority&quot;?
What legal restrictions to photography are there in European countries?
How do I unwind a roll of film?
Tricks for a good &quot;jumping&quot; picture?
Online viewer for panorama photos?
What is the function of the MISC folder on my memory card?
How does histogram shape affect the aesthetics of a picture?
What is a &quot;fast&quot; lens?
Why do zoom lenses and compact cameras have varied maximum aperture across the zoom range?
How can I make nice, professional looking corporate portraits?
Why is there a limit restriction to the 1080p film video recording time duration on DSLRs?
How can I stitch a panorama correctly if I moved the camera along the horizontal axis?
What is the Orton Effect and how can I apply it to digital photographs?
What&#39;s the best way to hold a DSLR?
How secure is Flickr&#39;s &quot;disable download of original image&quot; feature?
How to both participate and take photos on an event?
Is there a software to automatically crop a scan of multiple images?
Is gallery quality possible with a mirrorless camera?
How do I make picture from my Canon Rebel more dramatic and colourful, via camera settings if possible?
What does it mean to &quot;kill the ambient&quot;?
What is &quot;100% crop?&quot;
Why are cine lenses so much more expensive?
Is there something similar to Adobe Lightroom for Linux?
How to use a tripod on the beach without damaging it?
Timelapse software for Linux
How to respond to requests to commercially use one&#39;s photos without compensation?
Why isn&#39;t my variable-aperture photo more interesting?
How do I create a &quot;day-night&quot; scene in a photo?
Does the selection of sRGB or Adobe RGB in camera when shooting RAW ever matter?
Why is there not a protective glass element that is between the lens and shutter in a SLR?
Why do people in the stands during events use flash?
Photo editing: Is it ethically ok?
Questions to ask when using a professional printing service
If shooting RAW, is the white balance selected in camera irrelevant for exposure?
How do people shoot very large moon views?
Why can&#39;t I get a decent white background with product photgraphy?
Is it still necessary to stop a lens down on an APS-C camera?
How iPhone 5S can have such a big aperture? f/2.2?
Might future advances in sensor technology reduce or eliminate noise?
Will the vibrations of a motorcycle be harmful to a DSLR?
How can an amateur print high gamut images?
What are the technical difficulties behind building a sensor with high dynamic range like the human eye?
Can I legally sell a photograph with a border made to look like an old Polaroid print?
Do photographers see ambiguity in the color of the blue/black (gold/white) dress?
Wordpress plug-in for a photoblog?
How can you avoid/minimize lens flare when shooting into the sun?
What is Chromatic Aberration?
Will I see a difference in my photos if I aim my flash to the umbrella axis?
Nikon RAW image processing in non-Nikon software
Who is your favorite photographer and why?
Is it possible to hack other brands of cameras in a manner similar to Canon cameras?
How do I achieve smooth light falloff in portraits?
Should I use the rubber viewfinder cover?
What are some good photography podcasts?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of negative film versus reversal film?
How can I remove the background of a photo using GIMP?
Apple Aperture or Adobe Lightroom: which is better for post processing RAW photos?
Is a UV filter better for lens protection than a protector filter?
What are general rules for ISO settings?
Shooting on the beach: is it dangerous for my equipment?
What&#39;s the difference between a rangefinder and SLR?
What advanced cameras are the size of a point and shoot?
What file system are memory cards formatted with?
What is focus throw?
How can I recover photo files from a memory card with a corrupt filesystem?
Is a card reader faster than connecting camera via USB?
When shooting in mRAW or sRAW, how does the camera generate smaller files?
What flash options are there for the Pentax system?
Reasons to use in camera special effects?
Can I automatically convert RAW images to JPEG when publishing to Flickr in Lightroom 3?
How to maximise contrast range of distant landscapes with blue haze?
Cheap/free tool to view/convert Canon CR2 RAW format photo files on Windows?
What features are important in a good camera for an aspiring young photographer?
Why is it important to move the flash away from the camera?
How to start learning photography?
Difference between a Canon and a Nikon crop sensor
Microfiber Lens Cloths
What does the Custom White-Balance *icon* represent?
What non-toy camera would be good for a child?
How do you pronounce &quot;bokeh&quot;?
Can I use my APS-C kit lens as a reference for choosing between 50mm or 35mm prime lenses?
How to make my digital photo prints to stand in the face of time?
How do you shoot still motion portraits?
Why do my photos look better on an iMac?
Can software auto-detect image focus?
What&#39;s wrong with the Canon EF-S 15-85mm?
What is &quot;dark field lighting&quot; and why is it used?
What is a good pre-built website platform for displaying my photos?
Do the same camera settings lead to the same exposure across different sensor sizes?
What should someone know when switching from Canon to Nikon?
Should I turn off optical image stabilisation when shooting long-exposure photos?
How does background blur (bokeh) relate to sensor size?
How can I make a time lapse photo series that pans across the images?
What is a photography portfolio, and when would I use it?
How can I simulate a long exposure photo using a set of shorter exposure photos?
What equipment is necessary/preferred for real estate photography?
How do you make a shot look like it was taken at night?
Which cameras can sync at faster than 1/250?
Overlapping vs. Complementary lenses
What&#39;s the difference between the Canon and Nikon lenses mounts?
How Do I Know My Memory Card Is Dying?
How can I avoid star trails without an expensive tracking mount?
How do you manage images with duplicate file names in Lightroom?
What is the &quot;Circle of Confusion?&quot;
Technical implementations of upscaling
What makes some natural landscapes saturated?
Post-processing to remove background reflections on bald heads
What is the difference between luminance and illuminance?
Best fluorescent bulb color temperature for shooting people and interviews?
Why do photos look best without any sharpening?
How do I find the right size of filters for a lens?
Good economy photo printer for 200+ people/night, low operating costs
Why choose an 80-200mm over an 18-200mm lens?
What is the philosophical justification generally accepted by photographers on why they should be able to profit privately over public property?
Would a prime be redundant with a fast zoom?
Why can&#39;t my SLR autofocus on certain parts of a scene?
Why would I get a Monopod over a Tripod?
What&#39;s the difference between CF and SD cards?
What is the difference between using an ND filter versus 2 polarizers?
Are full-frame cameras bad for sports photography?
Is blu-ray a good long term storage option for photos?
Why are blown highlights particularly bad in digital photography?
Which prime lens for Pentax?
How can I handle two extremely different brightnesses in the same picture?
How to get rid of clothing marks in nude photography?
How weather resistant is the Canon EOS 7D?
How do color spaces like sRGB and Adobe RGB overlap?
What performance-related factors make a Leica camera so expensive?
What is a parfocal lens and how beneficial is it to photography?
How can I take a sun backlight portrait like these examples?
How to carry film through airports?
How to keep flash from disrupting the scene?
Why should I use a Graduated ND filter as opposed to the digital equivalent(software)?
Is it a wise-decision to buy full-frame lenses for use on an APS-C body?
What are the real-world differences between Canon, Sigma and other third-party 70-200 f/2.8 lenses?
When should one turn off their DSLR?
Where can I find advice on using an advanced AF system for wildlife and bird photography?
Will a dSLR and compact camera produce the same bokeh output at f/2.0?
Is it better to scan negatives or prints?
Are mirror lenses good for wildlife photography in daylight?
How does photography for digital display only differ?
What&#39;s the difference between Bokeh and Gaussian Blur?
Is there a mapping tool that will let me visualize a lens&#39;s angle of view?
Why is the Fluorescent filter for a flash green?
Why is a DSLR bigger than an SLR?
Why does a 50mm lens appear to give a human perspective, rather than a normal lens?
How can I justify a new camera purchase when I&#39;m not a top photographer?
Why do digital cameras need an exposure time at all?
What are the reasons for using a tripod during broad daylight?
Clipped bokeh circles at max aperture with wide aperture, short focal length lenses
Does a specific f number across all lenses denote same amount of light?
Why did &quot;pure&quot; photography displace pictoralism so completely?
Longer exposure &amp; lower ISO or shorter exposure &amp; higher ISO - what gives better results when photographing stars?
How to avoid visual &quot;burnout&quot; during post-processing?
Is it better to have light come from the left side?
If raising the center column makes tripods unstable, why can they be raised so high?
Why use JPEG instead of RAW?
Shooting flying birds
How does changing focal length affect depth of field?
What megapixel value is equivalent to which ISO film?
What is your favorite photography quote?
What is &quot;Fair Use&quot; (US Copyright Law)
What are the advantages of the Canon 580EX II over the 430EX II?
How do I create a (good) Hair Light?
Which macro lens would you recommend for a full frame Nikon camera?
How could one make a DIY Gray card for exposure/color correction?
Image stabilization in aerial photography
What is the difference between teleconverters and extension tubes?
Why is chimping a derogatory term?
What are good resources for Photographer&#39;s Rights around the world?
Why should a digital photographer learn to shoot film?
Recommendations for Wireless Flash Triggers?
Is it possible to adapt lens from one brand into another brand&#39;s body?
Is there a difference in dynamic range between film and digital?
Why do we talk about focal-length when frame sizes are different?
How can I take a picture of the moon as part of a night landscape?
How can I tell when it&#39;s time to replace (not just change) my rechargeable batteries?
What does DPI mean?
What is your favourite photographic inspiration?
Getting ready to buy an entry-level Canon dSLR — should I skip the kit lens?
What is the optimal order of post-processing steps?
What do I need to know to get started with food photography?
What is a 200mm lens good for?
Can I use a Canon 100mm f/2.8 macro lens on a Canon EOS 450D?
Fix photo timestamps?
How do cheap macro ring flashes perform?
Why buy an expensive manual focus lens?
What do I need to take into account for printing to canvas?
Is it possible to use two polarised filters to create a variable ND filter?
Upgrade strategy for Canon EOS DSLRs
How to avoid glare in macro photography?
Does it matter which way the camera is orientated for the sensor cleaning to work?
Should I go 5D Mark II or 7D?
Any good alternatives to Lightroom for PC users?
Which AA rechargeable batteries work best for Nikon SB-600 speedlight?
Methods/experiences using Amazon S3 to store photos
Techniques to set custom white balance?
Is there a more affordable program than Lightroom?
Does a bigger aperture create better photos?
Are RGB numeric values equal to CMYK percentages?
How do I get this &#39;glare&#39; effect?
Resources for persuading that photography is not a suspicious activity
How do I choose a reliable, cheap, portable light stand and umbrella?
What is split portrait lighting?
How to light spontaneous portraits?
What are the different kind of light modifiers and their uses?
How to get started with fashion photography?
When comparing sensor dynamic range, what are those numbers based on?
Why is 1:1 desirable for a macro lens?
What are standard lighting setups for 2-3 people?
What&#39;s the maximum length of USB cable that you can use for tethering?
What causes lens flare?
Why is Aperture changing the color of my RAW photos?
Why should I use the Zone System when the histogram gives me all the information I need?
What&#39;s the result of stacking ND filters in terms of total stops?
What&#39;s the difference between a regular lens and a macro lens?
What is an L plate?
How to plan the composition of astrophotography?
Is there an easy way to force chromatic aberration?
How should I plan for taking panoramas from rooftops?
What&#39;s the difference in media card brands?
Where can I see examples of great photos from cheap cameras?
How does the colour of ambient lighting affect colour rendition?
How can I make interesting photographs of interesting things found on the streets?
How are the red focus point indicators displayed on a dSLR&#39;s focusing screen?
How do I to clean prime lenses&#39; internals? Or should I even try?
What&#39;s a good ad-hoc replacement for a gray card?
How do I take pictures of planes flying at an airshow?
How does one photograph a car race?
Are all kit lenses poor? (And if so, why?)
How does a lens affect the saturation of a picture?
What is push/pull processing?
Is a macro lens suitable for distant subjects - wildlife, sports, portraiture?
How to pose and arrange people in a group shot?
Why is there a mechanical shutter in a digital camera?
What do &quot;Frontfocus&quot; and &quot;Backfocus&quot; mean?
Is it acceptable in professional photography to accept a meal from the client during a paid event?
How do I properly do shadowless product photos?
What are neutral density filters and how do I use them to create long exposures in daylight?
Can digital cameras sign images to prove authenticity?
How can I think logically about getting correct exposure with flash?
What kind of gloves to use for operating a camera in freezing temperatures?
Is there a standard tripod mount?
Is a UV Filter required/recommended for lens protection?
Why push/pull zoom is not widespread?
How do DSLRs figure out what aperture to select in P mode?
What is Quiet mode on a DSLR?
Using carbon-fiber tripods in cold weather: safe temperatures, precautions, and effects of failure
What Software Exists to Perform Exposure-Fusion?
Why does using a tilt-shift lens make things look miniature?
What do you do with your camera clock time in relation to time zones?
What is the benefit of an internal focus lens?
Use a shot list or not?
What lens design limits derive from the width of the lens mount?
What is &quot;infinity focus&quot;?
How can they take pictures of the Milky Way?
Practical Difference Between Nikon 80-200 f/2.8 and 70-200 f/2.8?
What is the major factor that makes colors in photos very vivid?
How does an octobox differ from a rectangular softbox?
How can I make the sky in this photo more vibrant?
How to make transparent liquid on white porcelain visible?
What kind of effect can I hope to achieve by hand-holding a filter at an angle?
How important is the viewfinder coverage percentage? (Figures like 95%; 100% for Canon 7D?)
Did I make a mistake buying a D5100 to get started with photography?
What are the different focal lengths of macro lenses and their advantages?
What&#39;s the safest orientation for storing a lens in a bag?
If someone makes a picture of me, who owns the right to it?
Is it possible to create an inside-out panorama?
Why do polaroid images look like they do?
How can I find duplicate photos in a very large pool of data (tens to hundreds of gigs)?
How does a macro lens focus so close?
What are the risks of using Magic Lantern?
What sort of adjustments should be applied to bring out the colors in this photograph of the aurora?
How to I get the Instagram &quot;Lux&quot; effect without using Instagram?
How do I prepare best for my first wedding photography event?
DSLRs with separate controls for aperture and shutter?
Gray card angle during custom white balance calibration - does it matter?
Is there a compact camera that offers secure deletion of pictures?
Will a 50mm f/1.8 work for general outdoor photography?
Is there a personal photo sharing site that does not use user content for commercial purposes?
What, if anything, does &quot;RAW&quot; stand for?
Compensating for poor air quality?
Does photograph copyright ownership belong to the person who &quot;just&quot; pressed the shutter-button?
How are circular haloes around light sources created?
What is lomography?
What does &quot;Strobist&quot; in Photography mean?
How to take extremely long (multiple month) exposure photos?
What makes a camera &#39;weather sealed&#39;?
Why do pictures of fire come out purple?
Why don&#39;t cameras support journaled filesystems?
How can I make the most of entry level camera gear?
Can anyone identify the manufacturer of this golden lens?
Why does a small change in focal length of two lenses make a $1000.00 difference in the price?
Is there any point in using automatic sensor cleaning on my DSLR even if I never remove the lens?
How to shoot a reflection in a ball bearing without appearing in it?
How can a super tiny iPhone 6 Plus lens produce significant DOF?
What are the pros and cons of using an optical trigger for external lighting?
What noise removal tools work best, and why?
How can I reverse-mount a Canon F/1.4 50 mm for macro photography?
How do I get shaped bokeh without a Lensbaby?
How to apply develop settings to multiple images at once in Lightroom?
Viewing thumbnails of RAW, DNG, PSD, TIFF, and other files in Windows 7
How can I stay inspired during periods of distraction?
Is the D90 worth the extra money for a beginner?
What are the lighting characteristics of a beauty dish?
Are there GIMP plugins that allow one to view and edit EXIF data?
Does lens speed still increase meaningfully when the physical aperture is larger than the sensor size?
Why do hotshoe flashes use fresnel lens, but studio strobes do not?
Good books to learn photographic composition from?
How I could take crisp sharp shots without expensive lens?
What is the inverse-square law, and how does it apply to lighting for photography?
What lighting equipment should I get on a very tight budget?
Best way to import and save when shooting in both RAW and JPEG?
What are the recommendations for getting best color matching when using a photolab?
How do Cokin and Lee filter systems compare to each other?
How do I make a bottle image transparent?
What can cause an &quot;Err 99&quot; on my Canon 20D with EF-S 17-85mm lens, and what can I do to resolve it?
How to import photos and metadata from Flickr to Lightroom?
How do I get proper focus when photographing lightning strikes?
What is the best photographic editing tool for iPad?
What is a good set of features to look for in a camera for kids?
Is there a way to force the Nikon D40&#39;s rear LCD panel to stay off?
What does it mean when film turns out transparent after being developed?
How to start the basics of photography, which is the best entry level SLR camera?
Is it true that film SLRs are obsolete unless you develop your own photos?
What are the minimum DPI and size (in pixels) required to print good 10x15 photos?
What to consider when scanning 35mm film (and scanning in general)
Is dust in a zoom lens a problem which should be addressed?
How to properly clean a camera
What&#39;s a good starter flash for Nikon?
Techniques to pull skin tones out of the shadows?
What should I do to switch my gear from Sony to Canon?
What are the different Canon tripod mount ring types for?
How can I avoid soft dull &quot;spots&quot; in my pictures?
Do you have advice for buying my first lens after kit 18-55mm (sub-$300)?
Is there a D-SLR that can record video with continuous autofocus?
What are my best options for a tripod for up to $100?
What factors determine the lowest ISO for a camera?
What are the pros/cons of the high-ISO noise reduction feature on D90?
What are the copyright issues when selling photos of public art?
What size lens is recommended for flying bird photography?
How do I achieve this post-process effect?
What differences between point and shoot zoom versus DSLR zoom cause the price disparity?
Why do cameras often produce digital images that benefit from levels adjustment?
What is the best external flash for Nikon beginner?
How does the Curves tool work in GIMP?
What exposure mode and techniques should I use when out-and-about?
Fixing the brightness level in a panoramic photo
Why don&#39;t today&#39;s lenses come with a polarizer by default?
What ImageMagick &quot;-unsharp&quot; parameters are appropriate in processing photos for web use?
How do I use the +/- scale of the light meter in my camera?
Should I invest in a high-end body or better lenses?
How should I post process images from a cloudy, dark day?
How do I get this dramatic look through post-processing?
How can I identify duplicate image files?
What adjustments do photo labs apply to a digital image when printing it?
How do you carry flash gels?
Camera bags for winter
Best auto-feed photo and/or negative scanner?
What can I expect in upgrading from built in flash to using a speedlight?
Does a flash work well with regular alkaline batteries?
Why did my nighttime shots of the moon create trailing spheres?
How to store and preserve film negatives and slides?
Where can I find posing guides &amp; resources online?
Is it worth it to buy an FD-EOS adapter, or is it better to exchange a misbought lens?
Capturing vapour or faint steam
What does the acronym SLD stand for?
How do you detect when your photos are used without copyright permission?
What&#39;s the best practice to take black &amp; white pictures with a digital camera?
Where can I find good test image(s) to send to a print lab?
Can you fix incorrect exposure during post processing?
What is HDR photography?
What are the main things to avoid in photographic composition?
How does the lens influence the autofocus?
Can photographic composition rules be used in cinematography? 
Which is faster for flashes, radio triggers or optical triggers?
What was my flash power?
What equipment and settings do I use for panning shots of moving objects?
Are any generic/off-brand ink cartridges a good deal in terms of cost and quality?
Where do ISO numbers come from?
Is there a difference in the sensor technology in entry level cameras vs. that in pro or semi-pro DSLRs?
Why doesn&#39;t auto-focus work with an all-white subject (like a wall)?
How can I improve focus using both manual and auto on a candle flame?
How to achieve pictures filled with light like these?
What are the best practices for taking pictures of a canvas?
What is the meaning of &quot;stopped down&quot;?
Can the effects of a polarizer be replicated in post-processing?
Why are effective pixels greater than the actual resolution?
How would I go about using my SLR to measure the &#39;greenness&#39; of a photo?
What is color temperature and how does it affect my photography?
Tips for Shooting Crowds, Political Demonstrations, Rallies and other &#39;Lively&#39; Events
Is ISO 200 still considered to be a bad choice, on digital cameras?
How to take fast-shutter-speed photos that aren&#39;t dark?
I&#39;ve &#39;lost&#39; a photo. I know I have it but I don&#39;t know where — how can I find it?
Is waist level photography with a digital camera practical?
How does a spherical lens differ from an aspherical lens?
How do I get started with &#39;painting with light&#39; photography?
A website that can help me in choice of new lens?
Should I use JPG or TIFF for high-quality prints?
What makes &quot;fine art&quot; fine art?
Is in-camera high-ISO noise reduction worthwhile?
Is it normal for a small portion of a polarized lens filter to appear unpolarized?
How can I keep skin color from coming out too red in prints?
Is it risky or difficult to wet clean an image sensor?
Could my lens be damaged after being used as burning glass?
What settings should I use for a timelapse of my wedding?
How does Gigapan Handle Movement?
Can I damage an IS lens by moving it too quickly?
Suggestions for shared cross-platform photo management?
What is the purpose of a dual LED flash?
Should I use a 100mm Macro lens as a portrait lens?
How should I learn to understand Canon&#39;s metering?
What gear do I need to shoot underwater with my Canon T2i?
Should I be concerned about sensor heat and the development of hot pixels?
Does black and white photography still make sense?
How do I take a portrait at night with detail in the background instead of just blackness?
How do I develop black and white negatives at home?
How can I photograph hummingbirds?
How do I find a point-and-shoot camera specifically for bokeh / a very shallow depth of field?
How to test what aperture is actually used?
What techniques should be used when attempting bird photography?
Macro photography with an ultra-wide lens and extension tubes?
What&#39;s it called when two photographs are printed on triangles so you see a different one from different angles?
What is the production volume for film over the last decade?
Why would I use manual camera controls instead of the automatic modes?
What do I need to take really great shots of wedding cakes, including on-site?
What &quot;Top Tips&quot; should I give compact camera users in a short talk?
How safe is CHDK?
Is it better to transfer photos by removing the memory card or by directly using a data cable?
Are there rechargeable batteries which don&#39;t discharge when idle?
How to compare RAW photos quickly?
How do I eliminate green-screen bounce?
If I have a 18-55mm lens, is there a point in buying a 35mm prime lens?
Why are camera bodies relatively more expensive to rent than lenses?
What are the differences between an entry-level DSLR and an advanced compact P&amp;S camera?
Is it possible to print a photo so it can be mounted on a globe?
Is 14-bit RAW better than 12-bit RAW?
Why are only certain shutter speeds or apertures available?
Why can&#39;t digital camera sensors expose each photosite individually?
Why does Picasa open RAW images correctly then desaturate them?
Getting the starburst in sun shine like this photo is from post processing or done at capture?
Where does the &#185;/shutter speed = focal length rule for hand shake come from?
Will an SSD provide a noticeable benefit for Lightroom over a traditional harddrive?
How do I break into a higher end market segment for wedding photography?
Why are greycards used for white balance?
How to take photos of large groups (over 100 people)?
What&#39;s the learning curve for a tilt-shift lens?
What camera &amp; lens combination(s) are ideal for animal and bird photography?
Are there any downsides to applying the lens correction profile in Adobe Lightroom?
Is there any site with photos of photography masters?
Online Printing API?
Metering with a Tilt-Shift Lens
In which order is it recommended to set a tilt-shift lens?
What is image stacking as it relates to astrophotography?
Do ISO values for Film and DSLR cameras have 1 to 1 correspondence?
How can I repair missed focus in a valuable photo?
What is WB bracketing used for?
What will happen to a camera if it is taken to an environment beyond its operating temperature?
What type of cloth is safe to clean lenses?
Why aren&#39;t there any cooled CCD sensors to reduce noise?
Are digital backdrop workflows more cost efficient than muslin backdrops for studios?
Laws regarding photos taken from airplane?
How should I choose time for photographing the moon?
Are there any photographic qualifications that are worth getting?
How do I set the focus in long exposure night sky shots?
Retrofocus lens? What&#39;s that?
How to edit the exposure/contrast of two different areas of a photo with a smooth transition between the two parts?
How to Take HDR Photos of Moving Objects?
Is this a reflection in my photo?
Is it necessary to fully drain Ni-MH batteries before recharging them?
Panning Time-Lapse
Distortion/quality when using a full frame lens on a crop sensor camera
What are the biggest pros &amp; cons of the Canon 6D vs 5D mark II
Why is sharpness lost in my DSLR viewfinder?
What&#39;s the reason for red eye in photo?
Pros and Cons for using a camera strap and what better alternatives are available?
How does focus work on mobile phone cameras?
Disadvantages of electronic viewfinders?
Does Canon make an L series lens with a plastic lens mount?
Is a Pentax K1000 relevant today, and how can I get the best use of it?
How can I use a histogram to expose correctly when the scene is very dark?
What are the pros and cons of using a watermark?
Do you still need an ultra wide angle if you can now stitch images?
How can I track a lost DSLR?
Why do many museums prohibit photographing a painting?
How do I safely cancel a long exposure?
What are the use cases of a Petzval lens?
Is it really better to shoot at full-stop ISOs?
Where to focus when shooting landscapes?
Is it a bad idea to activate lens-corrections in camera, when also use lens-correction in Lightroom?
Getting inspired with street photography
What does the pentaprism/pentamirror do?
What is the Leica look?
Would Wi-Fi enabled SD cards affect battery performance?
Extract reflections from photo in Photoshop for use later?
Is there a standard vocabulary for posing?
How would an experienced photographer have taken this shot of a man selling old stuff in a city market?
Could I have taken this landscape shot better with my P&amp;S, or do I need a better camera?
Pros and cons of cheap studio strobes vs. hotshoe/speedlight flash for portraits?
What creative ways have you exhibited your photos that led to more exposure?
Suggestions for a photo sales &amp; printing vendor?
What are your preferred filters for certain subjects?
Experience selling with Getty Images
How to rate the optical quality of a used lens?
What is second-curtain or rear-curtain technique?
What SD(HC) memory card should I be using for my DSLR camera?
How can timelapse sequences be shot without in-camera support?
Are there any downsides to buying a third party extension tubes for Canon?
How can a lens like a 18-55mm have more than one focal length?
How to trigger AF-assist light on Canon Speedlites without firing the flash?
How do I choose a macro lens for a Canon APS-C camera?
How can correctly measure light using a built-in camera meter?
How do I stop my Canon Speedlite (430exii) from going to sleep? (auto power off)
What useful things can/can&#39;t you find out from exif tags?
Are there any tetherable compact cameras?
What is a remote shutter release?
How to properly capture photos for merging?
How do you optimally resize and sharpen images for printing?
How do I compensate for a bright sun with a point and shoot?
What is a fill flash and how is it used?
What lighting equipment do I need for a high contrast portrait photo?
How can color temperature be measured using a digital camera?
What are the international translations for Canon DSLR body names?
Sigma 10-20mm f5.6 alternatives?
How do you manually focus accurately without a focusing screen?
What should I look for when buying a used or new camera via Ebay?
What is a good wide-angle prime lens for Nikon DX (APS-C) format?
Can in-camera JPEG have image quality advantages over (third party software) converted RAW?
Is it common to have problems with soft images on a 7D?
What are the key things to think about when photographing jewelry?
Is there any software which will set the EXIF Dates based on the file&#39;s modification date?
Looking for a discreet camera bag
Is an SLR camera a must when learning?
If I use a public domain image can I own the copyright to the resulting artwork?
How to apply color management to the Windows 7 mouse cursor?
How can I prevent my lens hood from causing dark corners?
Applying adjustment layer only to one layer in photoshop
What are the consequences of stacking a circular polarizer on top of a UV filter?
What is the best techinque to smooth skin?
How do I go about editing the metadata of a PNG file?
Is it possible to shoot tethered to a Linux laptop?
Which Lightroom import presets should I use to get output like that from Capture NX?
Decrypting Canon&#39;s Nomenclature Of Cameras
How can I get a black background in daylight using flash sync speed with no extra gear?
Is there a drawback in buying an imported (gray market) lens?
Whats the difference between Singh-Ray Vari-ND and cheap Fader-ND filters?
How should I back up my photos?
Which Nikon lenses for family photography?
What are some good techniques for using a monopod while shooting sports?
What is the best way to auto crop bulk images?
Experiences with 3rd party Polaroid film?
What is the depth-of-field preview button on my DSLR supposed to show me?
How to prevent zoom-creep?
Which are must have lenses for Canon?
Is a VR lens worth getting?
How to avoid jpeg compression artefacts when saving photos in web resolution?
How many watt-seconds do regular battery-powered flashes have?
Can post-processing save these pictures? (shooting through mesh netting)
Where could I find a detailed reference on all composition rules?
What is the easiest way to preserve old glass plate negatives?
How do you photograph Christmas Lights?
How close can a lens focus?
How useful is image stabilisation below 200mm, really?
Will using a lens at max aperture (&quot;wide open&quot;) result in poor images?
Which DSLR brand should I pick as a beginning photographer?
What are backup options for the lazy but paranoid dSLR user?
When I use FX lenses on a DX camera, does the focal length or minimum aperture change?
Do disposible cameras go bad if you don&#39;t develop soon after using?
Should I purchase a Tamron 70-300 USD VC or Canon 70-300 USM IS?
How does a tilt-shift lens work, and why does it solve certain problems?
What is a focus limiter?
How can you find out if a building falls under trademark rules?
Does a crop sensor affect closest focusing distance? Why does it not affect focal length in EXIF data?
Where can I sell digital photos online without advance commissions or fees?
What is the best technology for large, permanent digital printing?
How do you protect your camera when taking pictures in inclement weather?
Do you have any ideas for a photo shoot that I can do at home with everyday things?
Where can I find a camera holster or case that stays on the camera?
Coffee Table Photography Book
Does a camera&#39;s crop factor apply to the magnification of macro shots?
Why do DSLRs in movie mode have a rolling shutter instead of a global shutter?
Tips for photographing art (at a museum)
Different versions of DIGIC processors, is there any difference in image quality?
Are there downsides to a wireless (infrared) remote shutter release?
Why does using flash sometimes create these white spots in the photo?
What is it called when an object appears to be the same size with the eye and through the camera viewfinder?
Does an ultra-wide lens perform well in landscape photography?
What are some photography contract gotchas or must-haves?
Is there an easy way to convert all my photos from .NEF to .JPG for upload to Facebook?
Do you need photo permission for landscape work you/your landscape company has done?
What is the small +- wheel next to my view port for?
Are the sensors of newer DSLRs better beyond just having more MP?
Reservations on making the move to Adobe Lightroom or Apple&#39;s Aperture
What workflow or tools can be used for tagging of a large number of running race photos?
How do you pose a turtle?
Do all monitors do (or need) calibration?
Lightroom Upgrade vs Lens Metadata
Is there a noticable difference in sharpness between a 1.8 lens and a 2.8 of similar design?
Which is better: Canon EF 70-300mm f/4-5.6 IS USM or Canon EF 70-200mm f/4.0 L USM (without IS)?
What is headroom as it relates to photographic composition?
Does Canon have a no lemon policy on EF lenses?
(Why) Do Photographers Work Alone?
Should I have a wedding contract provision for actions outside my control?
How would I get my travel photos published?
What is the function of the tint slider in Lightroom?
What lenses to bring while traveling? One good wide-telephoto or several smaller ones?
Does every frame of video (or live view) on a DSLR count as a shutter actuation?
Is digiscoping a good alternative to using a super-telephoto lens for birding?
How should Nikon be pronounced?
What is a portrait lens?
What is the best approch to photographing a mirror or other highly reflective surface?
How do I take a shot like the flooded tree by Andrew Tallon?
What kind of dose can you expect from a radioactive lens?
How can I make a very sharp photograph with a point &amp; shoot camera?
Is there a difference between a large, far light source, and a small, close one?
How were these &quot;Mysterious Dutch Light&quot; photos made?
Which camera is more suitable for portrait taking between Canon 7D and 60d ?
Is Adobe Photoshop worth the money?
What camera settings should be used to capture sky shots without over exposing the clouds?
Is there a photo print provider I can use to offer a &quot;Buy a print&quot; feature on my own website?
How to photograph a snowy landscape?
What is &quot;pixel density&quot;?
How were these Astronomy Photographer of the Year images produced?
What is white or black &quot;clipping&quot;, and how does one avoid it?
How can I get people to take an expression which fits the scene?
What&#39;s the advantage of buying a fixed 50mm f/1.8 lens when my camera has an 18-55mm zoom lens?
Why do some DSLRs have fewer megapixels than some pocket cameras?
What makes the Nikon 1 series different from Nikon&#39;s existing DSLRs?
How does taking lower-resolution pictures with a higher-resolution sensor affect image quality?
Will leaving my battery charger plugged in (without battery) harm the charger?
How do I photograph small fish in a fish tank?
Why aren&#39;t my night shots sharp even when I shot at ISO 100 on a tripod?
How does Nikon measure &quot;minimum focus distance&quot; for Macro/Micro lenses?
Does focus breathing make a lens slower when close focusing?
Are refurbished digital SLR cameras okay to buy (and worth the small savings)?
How can I organise photos on a network storage device, and what software can help me?
What are the differences between different types of cloth backdrops?
What is a normal lens?
What can tall photographers do about tripod height?
When and how to use a push-on flash diffuser?
Book on the rise of digital photography
What is the reference point that the focal length of a lens is calculated from?
How do I interpret individual colors on RGB histogram?
Will stacked ND filters perform as well as a single 10 stop ND filter?
Is staging, live baiting and sedating animals in wildlife photography a common practice?
Megapixel race unnecessary?
What advantages does a pure black and white camera have over colour cameras?
Is it possible to make a single still photo from a video?
What is a focusing screen?
What software or workflow can I use to keep track of who is who at events?
How do you use the different autofocus points on your DSLR?
What exactly is &quot;base ISO&quot; and how do I find what is base ISO on my camera?
What focal length lens do I need for photographing the moon?
Has anyone tried the ColorHug?
How to get rid of smoke in this fireworks photo in post processing
Why is sensor sensitivity called &quot;ISO&quot;?
How can I achieve this warm, sunny, saturated effect in Photoshop?
What is the best way to photograph oil paintings with a film camera?
Why is the amount of photos that fit on one card dependent on ISO?
Why do we use flash in photography?
Who is the Japanese photographer famous for long-exposure daylight shots of busy intersections?
Why don&#39;t most cameras use infrared for focusing?
How can a high resolution camera matter when the output is low resolution?
Why do mirrorless cameras have quicker autofocus than SLRs using live view?
What lens focal length most closely resembles the human eye perspective?
What is your workflow for &quot;don&#39;t care&quot; photos?
What is the purpose of the film leader on 35mm film?
How does Darktable compare to Adobe Lightroom for editing JPEGs?
Where do non-standard shutter speeds come from?
I just saw my children in a photograph on the wall of a chain restaurant. What rights do I have to protect their image?
Do lenses lose sharpness when they age?
Can someone give a simple explanation of ISO?
How can I undo an intentional Gaussian blur when I don&#39;t have the originals?
How was this image where a person appears to lift a paved road created?
Why aren&#39;t lenses designed with extra large apertures for autofocus beyond what&#39;s used for imaging?
I keep getting asked to do wedding photography - what is a fair price to ask?
What causes faint circles in astrophotography images?
How to set tint if one is colour blind?
What lens characteristics contribute to attractive lens flare?
How to detect if a photo&#39;s metadata has been changed?
Why are mirrorless cameras much slower than DSLRs?
What features would cause a portrait photographer to choose a DSLR over Mirrorless?
What causes and how can I avoid this moir&#233; pattern in a composite night sky photograph?
What&#39;s wrong with portrait orientation?
Would the 40mm pancake or 50mm prime be better for street photography with a Canon APS-C camera?
Photo stretched at corners?
How does a camera implement different white balance modes?
When should the negative space not be used to bring attention to a subject?
How has the price of a roll of film developed over the last few decades?
How can I get perfect sharpness when shooting still art?
Camera lens or megapixel value: which defines the quality and clarity of the picture?
How can I avoid green flare on my sunrise photos?
Is there any point in photographing directly to black &amp; white?
How can you tell if a lens is having problems with back focusing?
What&#39;s the best way to get photos from Lightroom 3 to Flickr?
How can I sustain motivation during a long project?
What were the optimal JPEG settings for Facebook photos in 2010/2011?
Which software can batch-process RAW photos on Linux?
Recommendations to tether a Nikon DSLR to a Windows PC?
What DPI do I need to use when scanning a 35mm to get an equivalent of say 8 MegaPixel digital photo
Differences (for a photographer) between Photoshop CS 5 and Photoshop Elements 8?
What are the advantages of shooting a particular aspect ratio?
What are the limits of extension tubes?
Is there an inexpensive remote for the Nikon D300s?
How to take pictures of pets in a high distraction environment?
What does a black reflector do?
How should a DSLR camera, lens, and battery be stored?
Is post processing always necessary for best results?
Recommended clothing colours for portraits?
How does Adaptive Dynamic Range work?
What are M42 prime lenses?
What workflow do you follow for managing your photography?
How to get the best results with resizing an image?
Free program for editing pictures
Photography club: What to take with you?
The right way to delete all photos from a camera
Does &quot;long exposure noise reduction&quot; option make any difference when shooting RAW?
Low budget entry level Speedlite?
What does it mean if the main peak of my Histogram is beyond the top of the chart?
Using a single license, how many computers can you install Lightroom 3 on?
Lens &quot;family&quot; names - what do they mean and should I care?
How do you identify the Common or Latin names of your subjects?
How do I correct white balance in JPEG images?
Is there a free competition hosting site?
How can I improve stitching of nadir and zenith shots in 360&#186; hemispheric panos?
Is it problematic to mount a Canon EF 100-400mm f/4.5-5.6L lens on Rebel XSi (450D) body?
Exclusivity Use Clause?
Why are red lights in night / city scenes coming out as big red blobs?
Will the Nikon D3100 autofocus with the 50mm f/1.8D lens?
How can I use wide aperture with fill flash?
Can I transfer my custom T2i focusing screen to a 60D?
How to get started with strobes?
How compatible are my old Nikon lenses
Solar charging systems for camera gear
Make-up Advice for Photo-Shoot Models
Which software could I use for periodic bulk image resizing?
Do you carry every piece of equipment out for your photography trips?
How do I correctly provide Creative Commons attribution on a digital print?
What Canon lens would one use for Sartorialist-like street photography?
How can I get everything in focus?
Is there a way to  search by aspect ratio in Lightroom?
How do you change from portrait to landscape in Lightroom?
What are the problems with using generic LP-E6 batteries with a 5D/7D (if any)?
Affordable Entry Level Medium Format
What tool can visualize metadata from many photos on a Mac?
How do I effectively photograph when the sun is in the frame?
How can I suspend something without seeing the wires?
How do I use the different shutter speeds my camera offers?
How DSLRs calculate the number of remaining photos?
Monitor Color Calibration with Virtualization
Can I get a shallow DOF using a kit lens?
Really? Why does a Nikkor 35mm f/1.4 cost almost $2,000?
Removing rust from a lens&#39;s mount?
Why is the number of shutter cycles so low?
What remote flash triggers can you recommend, on a budget?
Experiences with lens repairs - Quality degradation?
Is Canon EF 24-70mm f/2.8 L USM Lens that much better than Sigma 24-70mm f2.8?
What are good exposure and timing choices for time lapse photography?
What effect does the lens hood have on pictures and how does its shape impact that?
What are differences between Bayer mosaic and Foveon 3 layer sensor?
What should I do to avoid switching lenses?
What options do I have for a normal and fast prime lens for a Canon APS-C camera?
Where do you find the inspiration for your photographs?
Why does colour negative film have an orange mask?
How will old M42 lenses work on a Nikon camera? 
What tips do you have for taking pictures against &quot;green screen&quot; background?
Cheap secondhand off-camera flash with manual power controls?
On smaller prints, will a high-quality zoom lens provide near equal image quality compared to primes?
What&#39;s a good application to view large images (100 to 1000+ megapixels)
How do I build my own soft-box light for illuminating still or stop-motion scenes?
Lens upgrade paths (sub $1000) for the EF-S 18-55mm IS kit lens for Canon APS-C cameras
Best camera settings for photographing text?
What is the difference between Project, Album and Folder in Aperture 3?
How can different RAW converter programs give different results?
Can I use a flatbed scanner to scan a photo into RAW format?
How do I take a good portrait for a CV or resume?
Is it legal for me to take pictures of commercial/military aircraft taking off and landing?
When removing a lens, does Image Stabilization need to be turned off on the lens?
What are the benefits/drawbacks to various tripod materials?
Are there any businesses that will do all of the marketing of photography for you?
Is it better to upgrade Canon 18-55mm IS kit lens to the 18-200mm, or complement with 55-250mm?
Figure photography - where to share photos?
Is EF-S 17-55 f2.8 IS USM really a &#39;L series&#39; grade lens?
What&#39;s good photo management software for dealing with a huge library?
How does 18 megapixels compare to 12 megapixels?
Are hot pixels just one pixel?
Is it true that &#39;80s 35mm photofilm had quality corresponding to 24 megapixels?
When should I use manual white balance settings?
How was this dramatic lighting of an NBA game achieved?
Does the Canon *.CR2/CRW format contain &quot;truly RAW&quot; data?
When is adding vignetting appropriate in post-processing?
Does image quality of a lens depend on the camera used?
What happened to Foveon sensors?
How wide can a lens be before it begins to produce distortion?
What film rangefinder camera can I buy for a reasonable price?
How can one determine the ideal resampling algorithm for a given type of image?
How can a Frazier lens achieve that massive DOF?
What is the difference between a telephoto lens and a zoom lens?
How do I know what celestial events will be visible soon?
What is the statistical distribution of sensor noise?
What happens if I redscale a B&amp;W film?
Should I convert RAW to jpeg before making an HDR?
What different styles of camera bags exist, and how are they different?
Are there dSLR cameras which can take movies without a rolling shutter artifact?
What does &#39;Equivalent to 1.6x the focal length of the lens&#39; mean?
How do I get this &quot;Washed out&quot; effect for street photography?
Does Flickr recompress JPEGs after upload?
Does stacking more lens filters decrease overall image quality?
How important is it to completely discharge my camera battery and how often should I do it?
How to take pictures in a dark room?
How do I dry water condensation off my camera?
How can I force Lightroom to render previews for my collection?
How to construct a shot depicting falling rain?
Is there a free visual similarity image local hard drive search?
Why can&#39;t I set a partial ISO stop?
What&#39;s the best website for showcasing my work to the public?
When is the best time to buy a camera?
What should I look for in a printer for photos?
What are connotations of horizontal and vertical lines in composition?
When buying entry level cameras, are lenses really more important than the body?
How to postprocess photos with lots of blue haze?
Does shooting at lower RAW resolution using crop sensor camera mimics qualities of full frame cameras?
What techniques has Jennifer Tibbetts used to make her photos &quot;pop&quot;?
Gear for carrying and storing a DSLR on a backpacking trip?
Why does Canon and Nikon limit or disable autofocus beyond certain f-numbers?
Is buying a camera and trying things yourself the best way to learn?
What software shows the most accurate version of a photograph for web viewing?
How do I photograph coins with a glossy surface?
How to delete JPG files, but only if the matching RAW file exists?
How can I improve my photographs taken on overcast or cloudy days?
Are there any Canon EF-S prime lenses or tele-zooms?
What is a good way to get cats to be more photogenic?
What should I know about cameras and tear gas?
How to engage in photography without a camera?
Does the order of sharpening and noise reduction matter?
Does it make sense to get a non-macro and a macro of similar focal lengths?
Why are the red light and its hood in my image colored different than they were in reality?
Do digital cameras lose picture quality over time?
How do I get rights to pictures someone has taken of me?
When should I break the rule of thirds?
Are old reels of film useful past their &quot;Use By&quot; date?
What is bulb ramping?
What are the physical limits of a mechanical shutter?
Is overall light gathering of a lens only dependant on aperture?
Is there a &quot;bible&quot; for portrait photography like &quot;Light, Science and Magic&quot; is for lighting? 
What settings should I use to photograph aurora borealis with a wide angle f/4 lens?
Screw-in or square filters in the field?
If my histogram shows nothing at the ends of the scale, does it mean the dynamic range of my camera isn&#39;t reached?
How to avoid tired eyes in a portrait?
How can I make HDR images without the cartoon look?
How do I remove random people from my photos?
What is a negative space in a photograph?
Will a variable neutral density filter produce similar results to a fixed neutral density filter?
Why do mirror lenses have poor contrast?
Does image stabilization make things worse if it doesn&#39;t have time to &quot;settle&quot;?
How can I prevent blurred images when using a tripod?
What are the pros and cons of different Bayer demosaicing algorithms?
Why does a Leica camera cost so much?
Why would one want to include the original RAW inside of a DNG?
How does the D800E reverse the effect of an antialiasing filter by adding another filter?
What is the best way to digitize old photographs for preservation?
What is &quot;exposure safety shift&quot;?
What can I do to prevent sudden &quot;jumps&quot; in the tracking motor during long time exposures?
Is Lightroom overkill for a JPG-oriented workflow?
Is it possible for a hobbyist to create a lens element?
What is the difference between a soft and sharp image?
Is it practical and worthwhile to fit old SLR lenses to mirrorless digital cameras?
Why don&#39;t comparisons of aperture take sensor size into account?
Galapagos vacation — what photo gear should I take?
What are ways of improving aerial photos?
Are there any memory cards available which can keep up with the Canon 1d x?
Why is the lowest ISO always 100?
Is there a formula to calculate DOF?
Will my EF or EF-S lenses work on EOS Film Cameras?
How do I remove ALL TRACES of Adobe CS6?
Can a sharp picture with a kit lens plus post processing rival a &quot;pro&quot; lens?
Is there any filter opposite to Polarizing filter, to emphasize reflections?
Why are 50mm Lenses Cheaper?
Accuracy of shutter actuation count in Canon and Nikon cameras
Why is my Nikon D90 viewfinder shaking?
Can I trigger my flash with an iPhone?
how to backup large amounts of photos at home?
Should I use &quot;sRGB mode&quot; on my computer screen?
In food photography (using a nifty fifty lens) how can I make my food shot more in focus and not blurry?
What does the term &quot;sneaker zoom&quot; mean?
What quality to choose when converting to JPG?
How to adjust sunrise and sunset times according to altitude?
How can I find a camera for long-term time lapse use?
Are meteors dim?
What&#39;s the reason for this exceedingly blue reflection from buildings in this image?
How was this long exposure crowd shot taken?
How to take pictures of reflective spherical objects?
Why is shutter speed usually limited to 30 seconds?
Is it possible to predict when morning fog will occur?
Why is a physical anti-aliasing filter still needed on modern DSLRs?
Why are my results with a variable neutral density filter poor?
Why prefer the 18-55mm and 55-250mm lenses vs 18-200mm?
Why does the red area in this photo look very un-natural?
Why does a bigger sensor have better dynamic range?
How do I achieve the mirror effect with water?
Why do some lenses focus past infinity?
Why are 50mm no longer the default kit lens for prosumer SLRs?
Other than speed and weight, what advantages might a prime lens have over a zoom at the same focal length?
Does a greater optical zoom range on a lens mean less image quality?
How to meter to clear subject details with a strongly backlit scene, as Elena Shumilova does?
How to place my camera on uneven surface to take time-lapse photos
What to look for in a compact camera to take picture of black dog?
How can I open a very, very large image to downsize it?
Why is it called ISO &quot;speed&quot;?
What camera settings would make shooting easy in a darkish church?
How can I fix the overly-bright background in my landscape photo?
How to take this group portrait with faces in profile only lit from the side they&#39;re facing?
Is it risky to change lenses in the cold?
How can I reduce noise at ISO 100 in photos taken in the twilight?
What is the best method to digitize and touch up my old slides?
Are there new digital cameras that my old zoom lenses from my analog Yashica camera will fit?
What are important considerations when purchasing a zoom lens?
What are the benefits of using Collections in Adobe Lightroom?
How do I move Picks from a Collection to a Folder in Lightroom 3?
Where can I get Lightroom Presets?
What lenses are must-have yet affordable for a Canon T2i camera?
What are some good books to learn SLR photography?
For greater telephoto range, should I use 70-200mm + teleconverter or a longer zoom lens?
Can I make my own Expodisc?
How do I protect my camera in a smoke filled environment?
How many optical aberration types are there in lenses? And what are they?
How to select lenses for sports photography?
Does anyone have any tips to make Lightroom run faster?
Inexpensive method of digitizing large numbers of 35mm slides?
Recommendations for off-brand battery grips for DSLRs
How do you use dodge and burn in post-process to enhance a photograph?
How to teach photography?
Can you recommend a long cross body strap?
What is sync speed?
What&#39;s a good Nikon lens (DX) for a serious hobbyist landscape photographer?
What happens if stabilization is in the lens and also the body?
What are the best methods for cleaning really dirty lens elements?
Does the zoom head position of a flash matter when shooting through an umbrella?
What are the pros and cons of film and digital for B&amp;W photography?
What is a good Canon lens to take portraits?
Is the Nikon 35mm 2.0 worth the extra money over the 1.8?
How do I easily remove an almost-white background?
How much light is typically lost through an umbrella?
Are fast lenses only fast when shot wide open?
How can I intentionally include lens flare in my photographs?
Why the smallest ISO in Nikon D40 is 200, rather than 100?
How to get this colorful look in a landscape photo?
What are the different sensor sizes used in DSLRs?
Nikon D5000 vs Nikon D90 vs Canon 500D?
What are my options for buying and developing film for a vintage 1913 Kodak camera?
Putting the red back into underwater photographs
What are the pros and cons of non-extending zoom lenses?
How can I use image stabilization to make a moving subject clear?
How do I get rid of shiny skin with Lightroom?
What does the f-stop printed on the lens refer to?
Tips for making black and white conversions in post-processing?
Focusing on moving target with large aperature?
How should I build a portable light box for shooting beer bottles?
How can I determine if my Sigma 10-20mm lens copy is appropriately sharp and focusing right?
What resources would help me when I&#39;m getting back into photography?
Is it possible to use a lower ISO instead of ND filters?
What Pentax macro lens do you recommend for outdoor activities?
Points to be taken care for a good photo snap
How important is ISO speed?
What is the Chief Ray Angle (CRA)?
What sites exist for posting client proofs?
How well do tilt-shift lenses work for nature/landscape photograhy?
Why is my picture muddy looking?
What are the best resources for Indoor Product Photography?
How can I avoid a strange lens flare at bright lights when using UV filter?
Is it wise to use polarizing filters with wide-angle lenses?
Is there an easy way to select by histogram range in GIMP?
Shooting Corporate Brass, am I forgetting anything
Does a camera tethered draw power over USB?
DIY gear successfully made and used?
How can I test a memory card for performance and bad sectors?
How to micro-adjust distance for focusing in macro photography?
how to properly clean inside a scanner
Is it legal to use images found on the internet?
What type of lens will auto-focus on Nikon bodies without a focus motor?
Is there any amateur software for organizing &amp; tagging photos across multiple computers?
Why do images get &quot;corrupted&quot;?
Are there practical differences between Canon&#39;s IS and Nikon&#39;s VR?
Nikon lenses: to G or not to G?
Tests to determine the condition of a used medium format camera
Why can&#39;t I get a shallow depth of field (DOF) effect?
What do the red values mean on the distance scale of a lens?
What is a cyclo wall?
Why does exposure compensation have no effect with my hotshoe flash?
What is the fastest lens available for a DSLR?
Should I use Manual or (semi-)automatic mode for timelapse in changing light?
What can you do with embedded GPS locally?
How do you move a Lightroom catalog from one HD to another?
Tips for creating attractive and useful head-shot style avatars
What can a photographer learn from art history?
What are the properties of a camera that affect taking pictures in poor lighting?
Do monitor calibration tools adjust screen brightness too?
Do any other manufacturers other than Canon use the terms Av and Tv?
Will lenses from a Rebel work on higher-model Canon cameras?
What is manual-priority autofocus?
How does canvas or muslin compare to seamless paper for backdrops?
Where, oh where, are the GPS Point-and-shoot cameras?
Digital Camera for Grandpa
How to choose a gaffer&#39;s tape?
What type of effect is caused by different cutoff lengths for IR filters?
What should I consider when choosing continuous lighting vs. strobes for studio photography?
Can one create multiple exposure images with a Canon DSLR?
Can a dSLR be safely made into a pinhole camera?
What lighting effects do the various surfaces of a 5-way reflector produce?
What are the real-life benefits of B+W&#39;s MRC?
Are infrared DSLR conversion companies safe? What about DIY infrared conversion?
How does grid depth determine beam angle?
What causes light fringes around objects in images?
What is a rolling shutter? When do I have to be aware of it?
Should I clean my camera sensor, or take it to a professional?
Can anyone identify this lens?
Can anyone recommend *freeware* to reduce motion blur by deconvolution?
How to preserve detail when downscaling scanned photos?
Is the smaller mass and bulk of Micro Four Thirds gear vs. APS-C DSLRs meaningful?
TV show wants to use a photograph — what should I charge?
Which digital cameras can be controlled with a computer?
Which flashes are weather-proofed?
Does inattentional blindness prevent us from perceiving fresh photo opportunities?
Are there big reasons to prefer the  Canon 600d vs Canon 550d?
How to create a cinema/movie feel?
What software can I use for 3D lighting simulation?
What is the difference between black and white film and color film?
How can I/should I check the sharpness of my camera lens?
When travelling, how do I decide what&#39;s interesting enough to be photographed
Do point and shoots exist which can get close to what DSLRs can produce? (And where could I find one?)
What are Barrel and Pincushion distortion and how are they corrected?
How do I prevent condensation on a lens when outdoors?
I have a Canon EF 100mm f/2.8 Macro. How can I get even closer to the subject?
Should I use low-end expanded ISO?
How to choose the correct exposure?
What&#39;s the difference between using a 50mm f/1.8G and a 50mm f/1.8D with a Nikon D80?
Where does this reflection come from in a long exposure shot?
Will a lens with a low aperture value give me better portrait photos?
What resources can you suggest to help me write contracts?
Are photo releases necessary when using event photos in my portfolio?
How can I set up lighting for fashion shots in a narrow hallway?
How does flexible ISO make shooting digital different from film?
Are photo release forms required for old company-event photos?
Mounted Shotgun Mic for a Canon EOS 7D?
What open source software for auto-alignment of photographs?
What do you get for spending more money on a camera body?
What does the magnification ratio number mean on a macro lens?
How can I reproduce the camera-internal postprocessing?
Do different &quot;Picture styles&quot; affect RAW output?
Why is the D7000 commander mode flash firing during exposure when the manual says it won&#39;t?
Why am I unable to disable automatic sensor cleaning on my Canon DSLR?
What are typical situations where you should use auto-exposure lock (AE-L)?
What price to demand for a shoot when I am just starting out
What are other popular composition techniques in addition to The Rule of Thirds?
Is TIFF really of higher quality than PNG-24?
Where can I buy actual poster prints in the UK (as opposed to poster-sized photographs)?
What are the key things that distinguish stock photography from other types?
Why isn&#39;t TTL metering accurate when using a non-electronic lens?
What is the difference between a Nikon  &quot;Micro&quot; lens and a &quot;Macro&quot; lens?
What times and settings should I use for taking pictures of stars at night and falling stars?
Do I really need a wide-angle zoom lens?
An inexpensive way to make DIY gels?
What was the &quot;New York School&quot; of photography?
How much does it cost to replace a DSLR shutter?
What is &quot;photometric exposure&quot;?
Is there a dynamic-range reduction device (preferably passive, optical)?
Why do fixed lens cameras have a motorized zoom while interchangeable lens cameras don&#39;t?
How do pseudo or fake HDR programs like Photomatix work?
Does focal length affect diffraction, in addition to aperture?
Why is depth of field affected by focal length?
How can I get good pictures of a fast-moving child without high FPS?
What do you wish you knew about Lightroom keywords when you started?
Why did camera manufacturers create crop sensor cameras?
What is USM, and what are its pros and cons?
Is there a name for the type of portrait composition where the subject is looking out of the frame?
Which prime lens to get after the 18-55mm &amp; 55-250mm?
What do you recommend as a first step for hands-on learning about flash?
How to help other people take good pictures with my camera?
Is it necessary to turn off lens-based VR before turning off the camera?
Are the Canon 15-85mm + 50mm f/1.8 adequate substitutes for the 17-55mm f/2.8?
Is it possible to measure distance to an object by adjusting the focus?
Is it safe from a privacy and security point of view to display identifiable EXIF data on a public web site?
Is there any software which displays geotagging plus compass data visualizations?
Can using an old flash damage a new DSLR?
How do you reconcile generally positive user comments with negative comments in a review?
What system should I use for photo management and sharing over a LAN?
How do I identify unknown thread mounts?
Does the convergence of video and photo technology in digital cameras have a negative impact on strictly photographic ability?
Why is custom white balance in Canon DSLR&#39;s so cumbersome?
What is the meaning of these Photodune reasons for rejection?
What is the difference between the newly launched Nikon D800 and D800E?
What is EV, when used as an absoute measurement?
What can I do to improve my composition on rejected food photos?
How to photograph chocolate?
What does &quot;viewfinder magnification&quot; mean?
Can I shoot a photo with my DSLR without the lens on?
How can I export my entire Aperture library into nested folders in the format YYYY/MM/DD?
How do I design a conceptual lens schematic?
Why do many photographers present street photography in B&amp;W?
What is the significance of the typical extension tube lengths?
Are there any known issues with using filter step-up rings?
Is it worth buying a battery grip for my camera?
How does demosaicing work in Fujifilm&#39;s new sensor for the X Pro-1?
Are there compact cameras with large sensors?
Should I put UV filter to protect the lens even if I put a lens hood?
What&#39;s the best way to develop old, exposed film?
Max aperture on zoom lenses - stepwise or linear?
What is a decent beginner&#39;s camera for astrophotography?
Is there any protection ring available for reversed lenses?
How strong is the tripod mount on the bottom of a DSLR?
How to best filter away high ISO noise in Gimp?
Is there a Fuji X10 raw converter for Linux?
What are the electrical contacts in a Nikon F-mount?
Is my Canon EF-S 15-85mm IS USM lens defective or par for course?
Focussing on a mirror image
How does Super Resolution work?
Where is the best place to get my beloved Rollei serviced?
50mm vs 85mm for portraits on a crop sensor?
Astro-Photography with Maksutov-Cassegrain Telescope and Canon EOS?
How do I get the Super Control Panel of Olympus OM-D E-M5 to appear on rear-LCD screen when the EVF is on?
Tips on getting group shots for family
What filter should I buy if I wanted to do 5 min shutter speed in daylight?
Why is the sky in photos always too white?
What is the difference between active and passive fill light?
Is there a free program to (batch) change photo file&#39;s date to match EXIF?
Raw development in Lightroom 4.1 and Digital Photo Professional 3.9.x – bad vs. good?
How does shutter work when shooting videos?
How to photograph a bathroom for a commercial client
Where can I find detailed camera, sensor and lens specs for cameras in smartphones?
How to automatically identify bracketed image sets among 100s of images?
Pushing film while stand developing?
As a beginner, which do I need to focus on more, camera body or lens?
Is zero shutter count normal for a new camera?
How do I know the lightbulb I am buying is UV-filtered?
What is the meaning of W and T on a camera&#39;s zoom buttons?
When focusing in Live View, where is the point of focus?
How does the cable release work without a battery?
How can I expose a waterfall scene correctly?
How to stop a high F number from appearing blurry?
How can a speedbooster improve the light performance of a lens?
What are the advantages of shooting in burst (continuous) mode?
How to clean 35mm negative film?
Having difficulty lighting various reflective product packaging- use dulling spray?
Capturing the Milky Way: what did I do wrong?
ND filter vs stopping down for long exposures?
How can I recreate this glowing light effect?
Does this RGB-patterned reflector have benefits for digital photography?
How do I &#39;break&#39; a film camera in order to get double exposures?
How can I make fog whiter and more attractive?
Is it possible to photograph me without reflections on my glasses?
What is causing this extreme glossy effect when using a polarizing filter?
Are &#39;digital frames&#39; really uniformly awful?
What settings should I be using to shoot &quot;Supermoon&quot;?
Why does a reverse lens act like a macro lens?
Is there a command line tool in Linux to remove fisheye effect?
What is a magnesium alloy shell?
What kind of earplugs are best for concert photography?
Why is the Rule of Thirds rarely followed in macro?
Why are 35mm image sensors the standard?
For night photography with lots of unexposed areas, should I go with high iso and low exposure, or low iso and high exposure?
How do I ensure good color reproduction when photographing paintings with a mid-level DSLR?
How do I setup and capture an event photo booth?
How levels and curves tools are related?
Do I need a full-frame camera for low-light photography?
How to sync camera settings across different bodies?
What is sharpness vs. clarity in photo editing software?
Is there a human factor involved in the quality of photo prints when you take your pics to a photo-lab?
What special properties does 18% gray color have in photography?
How do I keep my tripod mounted camera steady in strong winds?
Why are digital cameras said to suffer more from chromatic aberration than film cameras?
What&#39;s the best bang for your buck to improve low light portrait shots: Lens, Flash or Body?
How does using a 2x teleconverter with 70-200 f/2.8 affect use?
Is there software which automatically assists in recolouring black and white photos?
How can Walter Mitty examine the negatives of photos in the bright sunny day?
is there a real difference between &quot;digital&quot; and &quot;film&quot; lenses?
Why does Lightroom only recognise my lens after I set the make?
How to resize RAW image files without converting to JPEG?
How do you achieve this brownish skin color moody look on your photos?
How to preserve and store very old photos (50/80 years old)?
Is modifying a photo to educate generally fair use?
What can you do with Lightroom catalog files if Adobe stops support for Lightroom?
Is there a correct way to swap lenses?
Is it normal for a fast prime to exhibit purple fringing in middle of the image?
Is there no crossover point where shutter speed overtakes flash duration?
What recommendations do you have for high-quality hardback printing of photo albums?
Which lens is sharper? The Sigma 18-50mm f2.8 or the Tamron 17-50mm f2.8?
Please suggest a workflow on Mac using only free/open source software
How do you tighten loose controls on camera / lenses?
Does Lightroom have a healing brush?
What does the X mean in memory specs?
Inexpensive flash with full ETTL support
 What are the most important issues to cover in a portrait photo contract?
What options are there for reviewing photographs on an iPad
How to clean a lens cover?
Group shots on a bright sunny day?
Selenium to increase contrast?
Are there any DSLRs with large controls that don’t need good hand-eye coordination to use?
What is flash duration?
What workflow will preserve color accuracy?
What do I need for a camera kit for a family photoshoot?
What features should I look for in a DSLR to shoot live bands?
Focusing an entry-level DSLR
Is there a way to use the Nikon D300&#39;s timer for more than 999 exposures?
Can you suggest an external microphone for a Canon EOS 7D with video recording?
What are the best resources to learn techniques for using a Nikon D90?
How to make photos of parades?
Why are my Lightroom exports too dark in Flickr?
What issues are there with printing 32-bit HDR images?
Astrophotography: real aperture vs f-number?
What&#39;s a good, small, auto/thyristor flash? (non-TTL)
Can I use bulb mode on a Nikon D90 without having to hold down the shutter button?
How can I achieve an effect in still photography that&#39;s analogous to a cinematographic effect?
What is the best equipment for a good (semi-)professional color management?
What filter should be used to lengthen exposure?
What are ways to drive traffic to your online gallery?
Is it possible to do remote capture on a Canon DSLR?
Which camera has the best features for still photography: Canon 60D, 50D or 7D?
Are Canon EOS and Nikon DSLR lenses interchangeable?
What is a good book for a Lightroom newbie?
Any experience of Scanning Services?
Why would D90 preset white balance be no good?
Why do some DSLRs take good bokeh and others do not?
What filters are commonly used in photographing the moon with a DSLR at night without a telescope?
How can I check the metering calibration on my camera?
middle ground between RAW and JPG?
What are non-destructive edits and do they exist?
Is it possible to upgrade the RAW plugin in Photoshop without having to upgrade Photoshop?
Is there any advantage in using in camera digital color filters for B&amp;W?
Recommended tips to conduct a workshop
How to avoid reflection when taking a picture of a ceramic object with a shiny glaze?
What are the cons of a 5D Mark II? How does it compare to other FF bodies from Canon?
Where can I buy a camera off the internet?
Is it possible to shoot tethered using an iPad?
What colour space to use when printing digital photos?
What will I be missing with Vivitar 285HV vs. LumoPro LP160 or Canon 580EX?
Learning Fundamental Lighting Concepts?
Should I upgrade my Canon Digital Rebel XTi?
How can I ensure proper color rendition with browsers on wide gamut displays?
Preserving texture in shadows with levels/curves
How can I export EXIF metadata from Apple Aperture?
Where can I find comparisons for linear polarizers (for a cheap variable ND filter)?
What are the pros and cons of renting equipment?
If a lens supports 18mm focal length, is that a wide angle lens?
Which small point-and-shoot cameras support RAW images?
What is the dynamic range comparison between SLR, DSLR, and point &amp; shoot?
Can a Nikon/Canon flash be used on the other brand of camera?
How to reduce glare from glass during photo editing?
Fisheye extension lens
How to remove markings from black and white photo?
In ufraw, how to use the two curves?
How do I duplicate images in Lightroom 3?
What effect does a UV filter provide?
Is there any advantage to using Photoshop and Lightroom as a team? (as opposed to PS with other library software)
Does using a camera with very high shutter actuations have any side effects?
I&#39;m getting started in photography and taking a photography class — what camera should I buy?
What does &quot;usable number&quot; mean in lens specification?
Advice on cleaning/oiling ball-head?
What is the difference between halftoning and dithering?
What should I consider for buying a photo editing computer?
What does small depth of field mean?
Which is best as part of a fast workflow: Picasa, Lightroom, Photoshop or other?
What Nikon lens to buy to make photos of birds?
Where can I get 4x5″, 5x7″, or 8x10″ color sheet film (or other hard-to-find exotic film) processed?
Is there any method to transfer edits made in Lightroom to Aperture or vice versa?
New years resolutions
EF-S 18-55mm kit vs 10-22mm f/3.5-4.5 for nature photography
Is it possible to shoot an Aurora Borealis with a Panasonic Lumix DMC-FX35
What are the differences between 120 film and 220 film?
Getting started with Pano software?
How well do dye-sublimation printers perform with black &amp; white pictures?
How do I fix RAW images that appear washed out in Lightroom3?
Best Sites for Simplified Instructions in Taking Wedding Photos
What conditions hold up continuous shooting?
Careers in Photography
Photographing darker-skinned people
What software would help me sell prints during an event?
How do I identify and track panorama photos in Lightroom 3?
Is there custom firmware available for the Nikon D90?
How can using a color filter help to improve a black and white photo?
What should I look for in a camera/tripod for photographing microfilm machines and books/documents?
What are the difference between using a pack and head system versus monolights?
Night photography of fish in a stream
Can I set Lightroom&#39;s white balance picker tool to choose a supposedly white/black spot instead of neutral grey? Or should I care?
What software could I use for aligning time lapse stills to remove camera shake?
Tips &amp; advice for photographing store/shop interiors
What is a quick way to restore old black and white and sepia photographs?
Photo printers that don&#39;t need calibration?
How do quirks of the human vision system affect photography?
Should auto-focus need adjusting?
Will converting images to DNG improve post-processing performance in Lightroom?
What does expanded ISO mean?
Why has no one invented a 4:5 aspect ratio APS-C/35mm-sized DSLR?
How do I export RAW files from Lightroom?
Metering - How to account for the light from the flash
How to set up lighting for stop-motion photography?
How can I know the color capabilities of my monitors?
Performance of Sigma 85mm F1.4 EX DGM on Canon 60D
How do I set up a webcam to take one picture each minute for 24 hours (time-lapse)?
What specifics should be included when licensing a photograph?
Aside from sharpness &amp; speed, what are the benefits to photo composition\optical quality provided by premium lenses over their cheaper counterpart?
Alternative media for printing photos
What is the difference between point-and-shoot and SLR cameras?
How do I clear an AE lock on my Canon XTI?
Photographic techniques to avoid chromatic aberration?
Transfer photos from one Lightroom installation to another?
Is there any Flickr/Picasa Web service to store and share RAW files?
Image processing &amp; editing: what is an &quot;unmanipulated&quot; image?
How can I learn to take portraits in a &#39;photo-journalistic&#39; style?
How to create motion blur in daylight?
What are approaches for defining the scope of a photographic project?
Why do my photos looked washed out when using my telephoto lens?
What is a good general purpose lens for Canon?
How do I achieve these golden/reddish Indian wedding effects using Lightroom 3?
How can I get proper flash exposure in AV mode without using ETTL?
I have a new dSLR and am terrified — any advice for a totally new photographer?
Why do bright red flowers end up without details?
Can the slant edge SFR method measure lens resolution greater than the Nyquist limit for the camera sensor?
Which TIFF image compression is better, LZW or ZIP?
Is acetone safe and effective as a lens cleaner?
What are the benefits of infrared conversion?
Why are some zoom lenses &quot;soft&quot; at either end of the focal length range?
How does Photoshop/Lightroom get the Colour temperature of a Raw image?
Where to start with photography?
How can I make slit-scan photographs with a dSLR?
How do I prevent a Nikon D3100 from resetting the file image numbering each time?
Can the Canon T3i use a USB hard drive directly?
Are RAW files safe from changes?
How do I manually set the aperture and shutter speed, while auto selecting ISO with the Nikon D90?
Can lens focus speed affect continuous shooting speed?
Why is the Nikon 70-300mm f/4.5-5.6G ED IF AF-S VR twice as costly as Nikon 55-300mm f/4.5-5.6G ED VR AF-S DX?
Is it legal for me to sell a photo taken from within a store without the store&#39;s permission?
Is the bokeh in this picture naturally occurring, or added in post-processing?
How does &#39;Tv mode&#39; translate to shutter priority mode?
What is the point of film canisters?
What is Depth Of Field bracketing?
Is it possible to increase the pixel density of an image?
Is the mounting screw for tripods always directly on the optical axis?
Is the color of the AF assist light important?
What are good test shots for finding out the capabilities of a camera?
How can I approximate &#39;soft focus&#39; digitally?
What is the difference between depth of field and depth of focus?
How should I use Lightroom for processing for photo lab prints?
Are there any depreciation schedules for canon lenses?
Technically, why is the out of focus area blurred more when using a bigger aperture?
How do I use the Chromatic Aberration correction tools in Lightroom?
Where is the color mosaic filter on a DSLR sensor?
Does the image stabilizer on Canon lenses decrease the overall image quality?
How does altitude affect camera and lenses?
How do I know if a lens is genuine?
What camera settings may affect a RAW photo?
What should I consider for cropping aspect ratios?
Is more megapixels better in macro photography?
How can I get the right exposure when parts of the scene are in the shade and others are in the sun?
How to choose a good external monitor for photo editing
What steps do I need to take to deconstruct the lighting of a portrait?
How can I hasten the safe transition from air conditioning to hot/humid outdoors?
Why do my scanned images have lines across them?
Why do filter sizes vary for lenses of the same focal length?
I want to purchase my first DSLR. Should I be worried about being able to purchase lenses and accessories in the future?
How do I choose which resolution (megapixel) and compression (normal, fine, superfine) to shoot in?
How can amateurs monetize photos?
How do I select all pixels that match an exact color value in Adobe Photoshop?
What is flat light and how to counter that?
What are the effects of umbrella size?
How to take photos of children in difficult lighting?
Will I damage my camera carrying it everywhere?
What is the easiest way to alter white balance in Gimp?
What are the cheap alternatives to DSLRs to get &quot;large sensor image quality&quot;?
What software should I use for converting fisheye photos to normal rectilinear photos?
How to shoot a Nadir image for a spherical panorama with a rectilinear lens?
How can I select only all edited photos from a catalog for export from Lightroom 3?
What film should I use for black and white outdoor &#39;formal&#39; shots?
How do I determine focus points in Adobe Lightroom?
How does one take intriguing, artistic shots of older, smaller, historic buildings?
How do I avoid a dark subject when there&#39;s bright sunlight from windows?
Is it possible for a lens to produce too much contrast?
What are these lines through my images?
Does the size of the front glass mean anything?
Are lenses for my Canon Rebel XT compatible with the Canon 7D?
What is Fine Art Paper?
What features should one look for when selecting a flash?
How do you use Kodak Color Control Patches for photo color/tone restoration?
Where is this dust located on my sensor?
How did they do this effect in this Sherlock Holmes 2 movie promo photo?
What is the technical name for a zoom lens which has a fixed maximum aperture?
How does color affect auto-focus?
What kind of camera bag would I look for to allow fast lens swaps?
How to avoid double chin and glossy skin in portraits?
Does change of lens affect a camera&#39;s megapixels?
How do lens prices compare for Nikon and Canon?
What does it mean to &quot;mount&quot; slide film for processing?
Is there a camera with an open interface?
When editing white balance on a computer, should I tweak tint or temperature first?
Why does my Canon DSLR stop recording video automatically?
Is it safe to carry around a tripod with a DSLR attached to the head?
Tagging stuff: plural or singular?
How do pros manage to make the color green so bright in their nature photographs?
Why does the left windmill have too many blades?
Why do cell phones have the camera in a corner and not in the middle?
How do I eliminate lens flare in my pictures?
Why is the Canon MP-E 65mm F/2.8 Macro Lens not called a zoom?
Is it worth using Pentax&#39;s Premium JPEG quality setting?
Can I combine several low quality pics into one higher quality picture?
How do I get adequate depth of field in macro photography?
What are the technical advantages and disadvantages of mirrorless?
What are the downsides to framing without glass over the print?
Any good ways to keep a DSLR with a heavy lens parallel to your body while carrying?
How do I get myself to think about every shot using modern digital equipment?
What is the best practice for setting JPEG metadata for CC-BY-NC licensed pictures?
Are these images symptomatic of shutter failure?
How important is a camera with improved Hydrogen Alpha sensitivity to astrophotography?
Is the image processor relevant in a camera when shooting RAW?
Advantages of TTL over manual mode when using speedlites
how to make a grey warehouse exterior interesting
Given the same lens, does shooting with FX cameras yield sharper results than DX cameras?
What is the significance of the word &quot;Color&quot; in the names of some older lenses?
Can I change the lens of my film SLR even when a film is loaded?
What is the &#39;Maximum Reproduction Ratio&#39; of a lens?
how to improve body scape shots?
Why do my photos look like they&#39;re painted?
Does long exposure cause hot pixels in photos?
How does averaging images or lowering resolution reduce noise?
What caused dark areas around bright light in this cityscape shot?
Astrophotography picture with too much noise. How do I correct this in postprocessing?
How to publish super-mega/gigapixel panoramas?
Recommended start point for sharpening RAW Images
What program can automatically resize &amp; crop a folder of images to a certain resolution?
Why do most cameras only support 3 frames of auto exposure bracketing?
Small Aperture difference - A big difference?
What are these hooks for, on the Manfrotto 055XB?
Why are high-end compacts still shipping without GPS?
Using flash with Aperture Priority or Shutter Priority gives me a white image - why?
Making isometric images from one or more photos
Can stacking multiple exposure images in post-processing give the same effect as a long exposure?
How to enable Canon AF with teleconverter?
How should I light and shoot a car interior?
How to capture fog movement?
How could I make the most money from a sensationalist picture?
What is different between the Lensbaby Spark and Lensbaby Muse?
How would one remove yellow eyes instead of red eyes?
How sharp of an image should I expect at night?
Why do we have to disable stabilization when we use a tripod?
Why am I limited to 1/100th of a second or slower with 5D Mark II, 600EX-RT, and ST-E3-RT?
Does Lightroom apply edits in the order I do them, or does it intelligently reorder them?
Is there a web application that can notify you ahead of time if a certain weather forecast is predicted for a certain location?
Practicality of using a telescope as a super telephoto lens?
What is a vertorama and is it really different from a panorama?
How can I create a map with GPS data from EXIF?
What benefit does Hasselblad have vs high-end Canon / Nikon?
Optimal DSLR settings for an Indoor car show?
Why doesn&#39;t noise depend on exposure time?
Nikon segmentation strategy for D4 vs D600?
How do I compare a continuous light panel&#39;s brightness vs. flash through a softbox?
Are there written guides or rules of thumb for setting color saturation, clarity, vibrance, etc. in post-processing (or in general)?
How to shoot stars much bigger without trails?
How can photographers support non-profit charity organizations?
Compact vs Mirrorless - why pick one over another?
What&#39;s the term for wide angle lenses with no distortion?
Good workflow to review and delete photos with Darktable?
Is using live view for accurate manual focusing really better?
which brand ecosystem is more open for hacking?
What time of day provides the best Natural lighting for Macro Photography?
How can I take portraits which seem to capture the essence of a subject I&#39;ve just met?
Does the Canon M have actual, significant deficiencies vs. the competition?
What is a &quot;small&quot; aperture?
Whats the approximate aperture of a pinhole camera?
How was contrast increased back in the film days?
Will there be a need for cameras at all once we have 4k video?
Is there a reason for raw over jpeg if you have your lighting figured out?
How was the Blade Runner replicant eye reflection effect done?
What do you call the technique for removing uninteresting parts of photo by combining two images?
Software to find sharpest image in sequence?
What causes an SD card to go corrupt?
How do I improve the results of photos taken in a light-box?
Bokeh of the human eye - How does it look like &amp; vary across apertures and individuals?
Is it the same if you take a picture by setting 50mm in a 18-55mm lens and by using a 50mm prime lens?
What is a &quot;De-clicked&quot; aperture control ring?
How much does a camera move in 1/250 of a second?
How much does 1 mm get you in a wide-angle lens?
Mark I vs Mark II Canon L Lenses
What factors prevent camera sync speeds from being faster?
Is the focus plane of a fisheye lens inherently curved?
Should I postpone buying a zoom lens until I&#39;ve learned to zoom with my feet?
How to make a glass bottle glass look like glass?
Is A mode a good idea when trying to take low-light photos of people?
How to photograph flat plastic in an &quot;interesting&quot; way to show off its properties?
Viewers that output to 30-bit monitors?
How could some old film cameras without electronics set exposure?
When using an Extender, does it actually change the Aperture of the lens?
How to photograph an adult and a child together such that the adult doesn&#39;t dominate the scene?
Why are exposure settings different while using different lenses under the same lighting conditions?
Why there is more shutter lag when using live-preview as compared to viewfinder?
What&#39;s the difference between colour space and bit depth?
How to determine camera location from an existing photograph?
Automatically mask out of focus part of an image
How to photograph fireflies?
Leaving Apple Aperture for Adobe Lightroom, is there any way to avoid losing my photo adjustments?
How to photograph sparkly objects?
Why are gels used for digital photography?
How to identify whether the available light is too harsh or too soft?
What are the 5 basic lighting setups used in studio portrait photography?
What cloth patterns and colours should be preferred for clothes while shooting portraits in black and white?
Why is &quot;fine art&quot; photography predominantly in B&amp;W?
How to make a 3d model from an object in a photograph?
Why does &quot;bulb&quot; mode usually rely on holding the shutter button?
How does autofocus deal with the time to change aperture and raise mirror?
How can I find the sensor position on my camera?
Why do my photos &quot;glow&quot;?
Should film cameras be stored with a cocked shutter or not?
Which cameras were used prior to Apollo 11?
Raw vs Jpeg for non-professional use
What is the highest quality graduated neutral density filter?
What CCTV lenses can I use with Micro 4/3 and adapter?
How can I prevent light spill from an umbrella?
How do I create &quot;Rim Lighting&quot; in macro photography?
Should I shoot momma possum and her babies?
What keyboard shortcut could I use to step through presets in Lightroom?
How do you know if a workshop will be good?
How much metadata do you add to your photos?
What full-size tripods are shortest when folded?
Are there any downsides in using 2x extenders?
What is your preferred shooting mode?
What is a good softbox for small hotshoe flash?
What options are there for inexpensive 35mm film developing and digitizing?
Adding data to an EXIF file
Which filter is the more generally useful: Skylight 1A or Skylight 1B?
What equipment and resources would help an aspiring strobist?
how can I learn the collodion process
What is good equipment to buy/hire for a generalist photographer, new to event photography?
Cameras using mirrors instead of lenses?
How to fix an image sensor damaged by long sun exposures?
Equipment for shooting while on a bike?
Which intervalometer for time-lapse astrophotography will work with a Canon 450D?
Street Photography: Can you take pictures on the street and enter them in contests?
Can you service a tripod?
How do you white balance for a dance floor?
What do you do to service a lens?
Which lenses are best for macro and for birdwatching (both Canon and Nikon)?
Why do you need a remote trigger for your camera?
Tips for using the Lensbaby 3G?
Examples from the Nikkor Micro 105mm f/2.8 on a full frame camera
Can I fire my SB600 without using my D90 on-camera flash as a trigger (with CLS/TTL)?
How do I get a a soft, washed-out film effect with a digital camera?
What is lighting ratio?
Can you enable 2nd curtain when firing off-camera flashes?
What (important) controls are missing from EOS 1000D (w.r.t 5xxD)
What makes a client choose a professional photographer?
Method to photograph a wide/long wall from a near distance and create a panoramic view of it
Nikon D80 Mirror Lockup
How do you carry around your lenses?
Is it possible to change the filename prefix with the Canon 5D?
Fixed HQ lens with image crop or medium quality zoom lens?
What software to use to create a &quot;photo-presentation&quot;?
What factors should I take into account when deciding whether to buy now or wait for something better?
Should I turn off image stabilization on my lens when using flash?
Why does viewfinder spec state 3 times more dots than there are pixels?
Preview photos directly on laptop?
Is there always a way to capture all the light ranges to get good HDR images?
What are the differences between Epson v330/300 and Epson v500 scanners?
Renting Gear for a Vacation
Reputable Rental Suppliers in the UK?
Which setup should I choose for taking pictures of Trick-or-Treaters tonight?
How Do I Use Layer Masks in Photoshop CS5?
What is a good all-purpose, single-lens choice for a 7D, to take trekking in the Himalaya?
How can I make this image appear OK on an average monitor?
What DPI should I resize my image to for best printing quality?
What are your best tips, tricks or formulas for Lightroom&#39;s Smart Collections?
Is 125 or 400 ISO film better for black and white studio shots?
Alternative photosensitive materials
&quot;Factory reset&quot; for D40?
What is the CTG file in Canon SD card?
How to avoid a halo around the edges?
Is there a way to decompose a Lightroom preset?
What settings will be good for taking photos of falling leaves?
long range canon lenses
Creating silhouettes in a studio environment
What program could I use to create a map-based slideshow?
How do you avoid a dim portrait with a bright background and no external flash?
How can I edit pictures of people that have vitiligo?
How to photograph live stage shows?
How do I compare these two lighting systems?
Rescuing prints stuck to glass
Why are most portraits taken with the subject at 45 degrees to the camera?
Canon Rebel XT - do electronic shutter instead of mechanical?
How to precisely focus in self-portraiture with very wide aperture?
What are the dangers of doing photography on a &quot;Work for Hire&quot; contract?
Can spot metering be corrected in post processing?
Will point-and-shoot cameras be able to compete with camera phones?
Why the AF confirm lights won&#39;t blink when the spot is in-focus while using an all-manual lens with an adapter without any connectors?
How do different aperture and shutter settings affect a photo with the same overall exposure?
Does a Nikon DX lens on a FX camera get subjected to the 1.5X crop factor?
How to fill my time-lapse video with more frames?
Celebrity photographies copyrights
Fireworks, getting rid of the smoke
Extension tube set elements
How is the YCbCr color space represented in a JPEG image?
What kind of backdrop works best for a home studio setup?
How do you find a location to set up a photo exhibition?
Why is my Nikon 50mm f/1.8 giving me an fEE error?
Is there a way for two users to simultaneously use the same Lightroom catalog?
How should I set the Canon T2i for low-light?
How should I pack my gear for an overseas trip?
Medium Format Scanner
How to find a good marketing person?
How do I go about creating 3D photographs?
OEM Camera Sensors for a computer project
Is there any post processing required for printing images?
What is the difference between Kodak Tri-X Pan 400 and Tri-X 400?
How can I get maximum DoF with no distance markers?
Do any digital cameras have settings &quot;profiles&quot;?
Matting / framing resources?
How do I get the best results for sports with a 70-200mm f/2.8?
Why does a linear polarizer work as well as a circular one on a P&amp;S camera?
What does &#39;how much zoom&#39; mean?
How would one find out what sorts of stock photos are in demand?
What motor gets used if both lens and camera body have a focus motor?
Does spot/partial metering always assume 18%?
