Least Action Principle (Classical and Quantum Theory)
What is the physical interpretation of the Poisson bracket
Would this design of a laser phosphor display (LPD) work?
Is Kinetic Theory part of Statistical Mechanics?
Newton&#39;s Second Law And Horse Racing
Computing the probability density of wavefunctions
Statics: Cable with distributed loads. What am I doing wrong?
Is this a possible monopole setup, or will it cancel out?
Is mass essentially an absence in space-time?
What is the difference between zero background radiation and field background radiation in Nuclear Physics measurements?
Quasi 1D insulators with strong spin-orbital interaction
Packing Fraction vs. Packing Density
Definition of Entropy in thermodynamics
Finding speed of the speed of the ball at the bottom of a circle
Meaning of Time Reversal Symmetry
How calculate Heat capacity of infinitely long column in a gravitational field
How can i turn home gas from liquid to gas
How to verify/falsify the existence of localised edge states numerically?
Explanation of a proper time (an add)
Is there a magnetic force affecting point charges outside of a toroidal coil with sinusoidal current?
Minimum size of black hole
Are the authors saying that the observer effect plays no role in Bohr&#39;s thought experiment of the Heisenberg uncertainty principle?
Ratio between power of chaotic and regular airflow
Why doesn&#39;t the evening/morning sun feel much hotter on your face?
4-momentum of massless photons
Relativistic Momentum in One Frame
What is the speed of gravity?
Why is $R_2$ and $ R_3$ parallel with $R_1$ in this circuit?
Can we describe the classical laws of physics in a frame-of-reference-independent way?
Methods to Stabilize and Maintain Extremely Low Humidity in a Lab Environment
Physics of how the cochlea isolates frequencies along its length?
Maxwell&#39;s equations invariant under all linear transformations?
How can electromagnetic waves be affected by gravity if photons have no mass?
Why glass is transparent?
Killing vector for dS and AdS in 3 dimensions
Is the EmDrive, or &quot;Relativity Drive&quot; possible?
Relation between Refractive Index and Reflection
Reference Request: Classical Mechanics with Symplectic Reduction
Anderson-Higgs mechanism for the (non-relativistic) $U(1)$ gauge theory under the unitarity gauge
Are circles stronger than triangles?
How do I obtain the metric tensor of a constant electric or magnetic field?
Are matter waves (de Broglie) classified as transverse or longitudinal?
Is this solveable? Simultaneous elastic collision of 4 objects in XY plane
&#39;&#39;strange&#39;&#39; optimal control problem
Question about equation 2.27 from Pachos&#39;s Introduction to topological quantum computing
First-order EM Feynman diagram?
Lorentz contraction in continuously accelerating rod
What unit system does Fahrenheit belong to?
Commercial large scale production of graphene
Fourier series for a wave on an infinite string?
Order of Feynman diagrams for electroweak processes?
how to strengthen signals of my eVo internet connection
Why Position &amp; Momentum but NOT Position &amp; Forces involved were considered in Uncertainity Principle?
Can you use pulsar observations to determine absolute time? How long can you go without anything else?
Head on collision of a neutron and a atom at rest
What does Bell&#39;s theorem rule out?
What is the active and reactive gyroscopic couple?
How does one measure the power factor?
How do I express the interaction energy between two charged spheres?
Shouldn&#39;t the currents be time-continuous here?
Non-relativistic QFT Lagrangian for fermions
How does a sonic black hole (or dumb hole) work?
how to determine direction of gyroscopic couple on car?
What&#39;s the smallest height difference over which gravitational time dilation has been experimentally observed?
Can we theoretically balance a perfectly symmetry pencil on its one-atom tip?
How to calculate required current and specifications for a &quot;wet coil&quot; to generate x Tesla of magnetic field?
Constrained Motion involving concepts of Center of mass and Newton&#39;s Law
Why do we use capacitors when batteries can very well store charges?
How are the field operator and quantum state after a beam splitter and a polarizing beam splitter individually?
Equation derivation for skipping rocks
What is the proper time interval for simultaneous events?
Tensions in a rope
Can I take the partial derivative of the Lagrangian with respect to a constant?
Producing photons with same frequency, different amplitude wave
The probability of finding the electron in the H-atom
Jets and vertical differential
Why do we feel hot because of sunlight?
Ampere&#39;s circuital law for finite current carrying wire
Does exciting an electron across the band gap change either its position or its localization?
Combining waves?
what experiments can be used to distinguish between s-wave and d-wave superconductivity?
Does disorder reduce superconducting transition temperatures?
Are there any in depth superfluid mechanic analyses of spacetime?
Does universe calculate?
Scattering amplitude and correlation function when probing critical phenomena
Singing for physicists: How to resonate by body cavities with my voice?
MRI and precession
Relative speed and time
Superconductivity in graphene with spin orbital coupling, is it proper to let the order parameter on two sub-lattice equal?
Need help buying binoculars online for astronomy (10x50)
Double image in binoculars
How could I translate a field of view value into a magnification value?
Topological term under electron-electron interaction
Why does paper become uneven when soaked and dried?
Rayleigh scattering question
Why is ${\bf N}\otimes\bar{\bf N} \cong{\bf 1}\oplus\text{(the adjoint representation)}$?
How to solve the Dirac equation numerically?
Susceptibilities and response functions
Atomic physics - lattice energy
Why is the mole/&quot;amount of substance&quot; a dimensional quantity?
Least Action Principle (Classical and Quantum Theory)
What is the physical interpretation of the Poisson bracket
Would this design of a laser phosphor display (LPD) work?
Is Kinetic Theory part of Statistical Mechanics?
Newton&#39;s Second Law And Horse Racing
Computing the probability density of wavefunctions
Statics: Cable with distributed loads. What am I doing wrong?
Is this a possible monopole setup, or will it cancel out?
Is mass essentially an absence in space-time?
What is the difference between zero background radiation and field background radiation in Nuclear Physics measurements?
Quasi 1D insulators with strong spin-orbital interaction
Packing Fraction vs. Packing Density
Definition of Entropy in thermodynamics
Finding speed of the speed of the ball at the bottom of a circle
Meaning of Time Reversal Symmetry
How calculate Heat capacity of infinitely long column in a gravitational field
How can i turn home gas from liquid to gas
How to verify/falsify the existence of localised edge states numerically?
Explanation of a proper time (an add)
Is there a magnetic force affecting point charges outside of a toroidal coil with sinusoidal current?
Minimum size of black hole
Are the authors saying that the observer effect plays no role in Bohr&#39;s thought experiment of the Heisenberg uncertainty principle?
Ratio between power of chaotic and regular airflow
Why doesn&#39;t the evening/morning sun feel much hotter on your face?
4-momentum of massless photons
Relativistic Momentum in One Frame
What is the speed of gravity?
Why is $R_2$ and $ R_3$ parallel with $R_1$ in this circuit?
Can we describe the classical laws of physics in a frame-of-reference-independent way?
Methods to Stabilize and Maintain Extremely Low Humidity in a Lab Environment
Physics of how the cochlea isolates frequencies along its length?
Maxwell&#39;s equations invariant under all linear transformations?
How can electromagnetic waves be affected by gravity if photons have no mass?
Why glass is transparent?
Killing vector for dS and AdS in 3 dimensions
Is the EmDrive, or &quot;Relativity Drive&quot; possible?
Relation between Refractive Index and Reflection
Reference Request: Classical Mechanics with Symplectic Reduction
Anderson-Higgs mechanism for the (non-relativistic) $U(1)$ gauge theory under the unitarity gauge
Are circles stronger than triangles?
How do I obtain the metric tensor of a constant electric or magnetic field?
Are matter waves (de Broglie) classified as transverse or longitudinal?
Is this solveable? Simultaneous elastic collision of 4 objects in XY plane
&#39;&#39;strange&#39;&#39; optimal control problem
Question about equation 2.27 from Pachos&#39;s Introduction to topological quantum computing
First-order EM Feynman diagram?
Lorentz contraction in continuously accelerating rod
What unit system does Fahrenheit belong to?
Commercial large scale production of graphene
Fourier series for a wave on an infinite string?
Order of Feynman diagrams for electroweak processes?
how to strengthen signals of my eVo internet connection
Why Position &amp; Momentum but NOT Position &amp; Forces involved were considered in Uncertainity Principle?
Can you use pulsar observations to determine absolute time? How long can you go without anything else?
Head on collision of a neutron and a atom at rest
What does Bell&#39;s theorem rule out?
What is the active and reactive gyroscopic couple?
How does one measure the power factor?
How do I express the interaction energy between two charged spheres?
Shouldn&#39;t the currents be time-continuous here?
Non-relativistic QFT Lagrangian for fermions
How does a sonic black hole (or dumb hole) work?
how to determine direction of gyroscopic couple on car?
What&#39;s the smallest height difference over which gravitational time dilation has been experimentally observed?
Can we theoretically balance a perfectly symmetry pencil on its one-atom tip?
How to calculate required current and specifications for a &quot;wet coil&quot; to generate x Tesla of magnetic field?
Constrained Motion involving concepts of Center of mass and Newton&#39;s Law
Why do we use capacitors when batteries can very well store charges?
How are the field operator and quantum state after a beam splitter and a polarizing beam splitter individually?
Equation derivation for skipping rocks
What is the proper time interval for simultaneous events?
Tensions in a rope
Can I take the partial derivative of the Lagrangian with respect to a constant?
Producing photons with same frequency, different amplitude wave
The probability of finding the electron in the H-atom
Jets and vertical differential
Why do we feel hot because of sunlight?
Ampere&#39;s circuital law for finite current carrying wire
Does exciting an electron across the band gap change either its position or its localization?
Combining waves?
what experiments can be used to distinguish between s-wave and d-wave superconductivity?
Does disorder reduce superconducting transition temperatures?
Are there any in depth superfluid mechanic analyses of spacetime?
Does universe calculate?
Scattering amplitude and correlation function when probing critical phenomena
Singing for physicists: How to resonate by body cavities with my voice?
MRI and precession
Relative speed and time
Superconductivity in graphene with spin orbital coupling, is it proper to let the order parameter on two sub-lattice equal?
Need help buying binoculars online for astronomy (10x50)
Double image in binoculars
How could I translate a field of view value into a magnification value?
Topological term under electron-electron interaction
Why does paper become uneven when soaked and dried?
Rayleigh scattering question
Why is ${\bf N}\otimes\bar{\bf N} \cong{\bf 1}\oplus\text{(the adjoint representation)}$?
How to solve the Dirac equation numerically?
Susceptibilities and response functions
Atomic physics - lattice energy
Why is the mole/&quot;amount of substance&quot; a dimensional quantity?
Disconnected aileron/surface deflection in terms of speed?
Under what representation do the Christoffel symbols transform?
How to find references from publications in the physics literature?
Calculating rate of vaporization of water
why do electromagnetic waves have no charge?
To find the temperature at equilibrium
how can a particle can have a spin of 2
What makes waves propagate?
How much am I floating above the chair I am sitting on?
Any general method of determining changes in speed of sound with pressure?
Electric potential inside a conductor
BCS-BEC crossover
How geometry, and hence, a tight-binding Hamiltonian dictates the eigenvalues?
Is there any evidence for the increase of mass due to time dilation also causing a strengthening in said mass&#39; gravity?
Fluids in U-shaped Tube
Forces in equilibrium
langevin theory of diamagnetism
Bell inequality with triplet state
Thermal system of many coupled classical oscillators
Relativistic mass as seen by different observers
How is the current flow perpendicular to the wire?
Does air density influence a football player&#39;s ability to &quot;bend&quot; the ball?
What is the difference between the potential $V$ and the effective potential $V_{eff}$?
Boltzmann Distribution - why maximum number of microstates?
The Sturm-Liouville equations, the Schrodinger equation and the wave equation
Bloch representation. Why Pauli operators?
Does the second law of thermodynamics take into consideration interactions between particles?
Does ordinary refraction exert a couple on the refracting medium?
What is slinky-approximation?
How do I model this Quantum Cascade Laser (QCL) using COMSOL?
Relative kinematics and laws of Newton
Random walk with self-transitions taking continuum limit
How does the voltage across an inductor and a capacitor vary in series LCR circuit about resonance?
Why are mass flow rates found using Venturi meter and pitot tube different?
Could the Faraday&#39;s rotating wire experiment be explained without using Lorentz force?
How can static friction do work?
What justifies conservation laws in non-uniform spatial/temporal fields, if Noether&#39;s theorem doesn&#39;t?
Difference: Fermi wave length vs. phase-breaking length?
how to find the radial velocity of a galaxy
Advantages/Disadvantages of &quot;hanging off&quot; a motorcycle when leaning
Does extreme cold make **everything** extremely brittle?
Causality principle and Entropy (Second Law)
Why pouring milk from a height makes a chain shape?
questions about graphene applications
Can Dark Matter just be clumps of Neutrons
Good way to compute the force of a hammer blow?
George Brown Engineering dynamics
Can only one electron or photon produce interference pattern?
Finding the magnitude of Two Vectors
Spiral galaxies and gravity lenses
Relation between frequency, speed, and coverage range
Electromagnetic wave reflection
Is there a way to calculate the surface charge density on an infinite plate without using the method of images?
Surface waves on Dr. Miller&#39;s planet
what is the capacitance and inductance of an ideal wire?
band structure of Topological insulators
What are phase conventions in angular momentum and rotation calculations?
Anyonic braiding statistics from density matrix renormalization group (DMRG) simulations
are clocks always wrong?
Is it possible that neutrinos or some other sub-atomic particle contributes to radioactive decay?
What is the physical meaning of anti-commutator in quantum mechanics?
Has anyone published the procedure to generalize ladder operators for any potential in Schrodinger&#39;s equation?
What really allows airplanes to fly?
Problem about thermodynamic relations
Local translations in curved spacetime
Is normalization consistent with Schrodinger&#39;s Equation?
Hidden Weyl symmetry &amp; fixed metric lead to simplified correlators
What is a &quot;Reversed Effective Force&quot;?
If time standard clocks and any memories about the time standard are destroyed, can we recover the time standard again?
The nature of measurement
Experimental verification of bound state transition times
Two capacitor plates with equal positive charges $q$
Why can&#39;t a gas be liquified by pressure above its critical temperature?
Fluid approximation for inflaton?
Magnetic field question applied in real life
Determine center of mass!
Interesting question in Statistical Mechanics involving Lennard-Jones potential
Can an object experience torque when the only applied external force is at its axis of rotation (IOW, where $F \times r = 0$)?
Poincare patch of $AdS_2$
Could dark energy be powered by force particles that obey quantum mechanics?
Static electricity and door handles
Interesting: Estimate range of Coulomb interactions.
Ball flying towards me - Newton&#39;s third law is violated?
How to use an accelerometer to correctly quantify the magnitude of vibrations
What invisible flicker do different types of light bulbs have?
self inductance basic example: meaning of current flow AFTER opening circuit
Triple point temperature and freezing point
Bohr/De Broglie simplfied model - joining orbitals
how far can electricity be conducted in saltwater?
Where is the energy stored in an inductor?
First-principles derivation of cutting force
Is our locally measured time actually conformal time?
Current scope of Chaos theory and non-linear dynamics?
nuclear fusion scaling with reactor size
What are the rules for breaking a glass with your voice?
What&#39;s going on along the &quot;sides&quot; of an Alcubierre warp bubble?
Does it mean anything if the commutator of an operator with the Hamiltonian is equal to the Hamiltonian?
Do the copper connectors we used in measuring the resistance of a wire contribute to the said measurement?
Amount of entanglement in terms of grteatest eigen value for hermitian matrices?
For an isolated system, can the entropy decrease or increase?
Why do clouds not fall?
using tetrads to glue local currents into global currents
How can Drift Velocity of an electron causes change?
What is the concept of phase congruency?
Calculate the pressure required to stop a pipette (or pipe) from dripping
Find for how much time, the car with stop and how many meters has it done
Proving $\rho_{nm}=\sum_k p_ka_{nk}a^*_{mk}= $?
Calculate energy-density of known plasma in microwave?
Theoretically, is it necessary that if light passes through a glass slab, its intensity should decrease?
What is the difference between a material in which the Rashba effect occurs that is not a topological insulator, and one is a TI?
How can light travel at a speed greater than the speed of light
Why position and momenta are fluctuating quantities?
Simple Circuits
How much energy is required to compress one engine cylinder full of air?
Looking for an ODE problem involving a tower and structural vibration
By what maximum amount can we concentrate sunlight?
Perturbations and Chronology condition
Schrodinger eqn with &#39;rescaled&#39; Hamiltonian
Induced electric field due to a moving wire
Quantum Wave Mechanics
What is bias voltage and what is it&#39;s function in a Scan Tunneling Microscope?
Full ionization meaning
How do I use this &quot; Low-Density, High-Hardness, High-entropy Alloy&quot; to make a good shortsword?
Earth curvature refraction for dummies
Maximum Extension of a Spring
What determines color -- wavelength or frequency?
Simple pendulum cartesian coordinates
Why is there no induced electric field in the experiment (Faraday&#39;s Law)
Calculating temperature from molecular dynamics simulation
Wheatstone bridge intuition - and the potential divider
Optics Cornu spiral diffraction
Factors affecting pain of static electricity shock
Local translations included in covariant general coordinate transformation
Series of parallel thermal resistance connection for this enclosure?
Which values of the Riemann zeta funtion at negative arguments come up in physics?
Estimate dark matter in a 16 oz cup of water
What is the force between two points in space due to expansion of space between them?
Translational Velocity and Frequency question
How many bricks can be put without disordering the equilibrium?
Is fluorescence from a single atom/ion visible with the naked eye (e.g. in a strongly coupled trap or cavity)
Why do electrons in a superconductor lack energy to produce &quot;massive&quot; photons
A possible way to initiate a nuclear fusion reaction without a nuclear fission trigger
Criterion for resolvability and spot size for optical systems
Equation involving; elastic modulus, poisson ratio, radius and pressure of a sphere
Identity and indistinguishability in quantum and statistical mechanics
Constructing dual gravity theory from general CFT
What causes a heat generating source to stabilize at a certain temperature? (Answered by myself, I think)
Differential operators in curvilinear coordinates
Can there be Electron and/or Proton Stars?
Could all the electrons from the metal be ejected out during photoelectric effect?
Double slit experiment collimating lens?
Hamiltonian Noether&#39;s theorem in classical mechanics
Which lamp is brighter, the one through which electrons flow or current
The position vector of particle in horizontal wire
Change in radius of a charged bubble
Induced-EMF in a parallel circuit, vs a series circuit?
Foam patterns on espresso
What is a peryton?
Is there an analytic solution for this Fokker-Planck equation?
How is parity relevant to determining angular momentum?
Finding Surface Tension of water at certain Temperature and Pressure
Energy conservation $\iff \frac{dE}{dt} = 0\ $?
Potential generated by a hollow sphere with a hole
Acoustic/Gravity waves subject to constant wind
What type of Quantum Gate is this
How are weights and scales used by the public calibrated?
Functional derivatives as distributions
Derivation of four-velocity using proper time?
Reflection of Sound wave (Pressure Wave)
If you heat a closed tube, does its mass change?
Recommended books for a &quot;relativity for poets&quot; class?
Chemical Potential, Boltzmann
How do we age if we tunneled to Earth&#39;s core?
Gaussian cgs units
The potentiality of the electric field
Explain how waves have momentum?
High resistance wire as a heating element
Why does the Nusselt Number for a Constant Surface Temperature, Thermally Fully Developed Circular Pipe Converge To a Constant of 3.66?
Optical fibers: pulse spreading in an optical fiber due to material dispersion
Specific heat and latent heat of fusion
If we hit an electron will it go to an excited state?
How did Feynman prove that energy cannot be extracted from electric field?
Fraunhofer Diffraction and Lenses
Are ultracold atoms unique in nature?
Is it possible to derive the Doppler effect formulas for sound using relative velocity?
Mass, energy, and entropy.
Expectation value of Commutator of Hermitian operators
Polarization of light upon reflection
State collapse in the Heisenberg picture
At what mass and/or radius does a black hole grow?
Renormalization Group and Ising with d=1 and D=1
The applied and friction forces of a particle along a straight wire in horizontal plane
What is the most agreed upon quantum mechanical equation of motion?
How does a photon drive out the electrons in a solar cell?
Equation of motion in quantum system
Measurement problem in the orthodox interpretation
Induction and electromagnetic fields
phase-space volumes or cells for N particle system
Covariant derivative of Levi-Civita tensor
Two particle operator
How can silicon have a capacity of 8 electrons in the outer shell?
A simple question about the principle of conservation of momentum
Maximum Momentum of Neutral Pion
Eikonal approximation in QFT
Help calculating work done by stretching a wire
Determining the minimum pull force of a magnet required to hold it in place
Hamiltonian linearly proportional to momentum
Different noise when knock on a hollow wall
How to do time evolution of operators in the Heisenberg Picture while staying in the Heisenberg Picture
How can a fruit be used as a battery cell?
Is there an area of the universe observable from earth that is newer than the rest
Electric fields and magnetic fields
Dipoles lengths underwater vs on land
What is the physical interpretation of the automorphism on bounded operators induced by an S matrix?
Does a quadrupole transition mean emission of one photon with spin 2?
Ways for undergrad to understand physics research?
Derivation of adiabatic T-V realtion
Electrostatics problem concerning induction by a point charge inside a conducting shell
Inverse Gluon Propagator
Heisenberg picture of QM as a result of Hamilton formalism
What does a unit like $C^{1/5}$ or $kg^{1/2}$ physically mean?
Why is stainless steel a poor conductor of electricity?
Computing the force generated by a sail on a boat
Which derivative with respect to time is which in the Heisenberg picture of quantum mechanics?
Generalized Bekenstein-Hawking temperature for Kerr-Newmann-dS black holes
How did Planck derive his formula $E=hf$?
Does dark energy work like gravity, but the opposite way?
Physical interpretation of single layer potential in the plane
Why does the airflow in the mid-stratosphere of the northern hemisphere rotate FASTER than the earth?
A simple question about frequencies, vibrations and engineering
Crank slider Question
How to calculate the force acting on a magnet due to a solenoid
Is it possible to counter-act centrifugal force by moving at the same speed in the anti-spin direction?
Hamiltonian field equations constraints
Question regarding charge and acceleration
Why possibility for X-ray to excite inner electrons higher than outer electrons?
Determine resultant velocity of an elastic particle-particle collision in 3d space
Born&#39;s rule and Schr&#246;dinger&#39;s equation
Combining sound absorption coefficients
Does wrapping a wet paper towel around a glass bottle really speed up the cooling process?
Why does the human body feel loud music?
How do Optically Active Compounds Rotate Plane Polarized Light?
Is work done in rolling friction?
Is there a naturally occuring sound pressure level reference?
How do spiral arms form?
What is the difference between mass defect and mass deficit?
Is it possible to &quot;pull&quot; sound waves using only an object?
Is, in terms of sound, pouring water in a bottle the analogous of blowing into it?
Eqation between sound intensity and distance
When does $\mathbf n\times(\nabla V_2-\nabla V_1)=0$ imply $V_1=V_2$
How much weight would I need to put on the end of a tube to break it?
Current direction and magnetism
What is the difference between Fermi golden rule and Wigner-Weisskopf theory?
Special relativity, electromagnetic fields, charge and Q
Question about average drift velocity of electron in conductor
Two-component formalism and four-component formalism
What happens to black holes if/when the universe &quot;ends&quot;
Increasing the efficiency of solar cell systems
Does Peskin &amp; Schroeder Eq. (4.26), $U(t_1,t_2)U(t_2,t_3) = U(t_1,t_3)$ imply $[H_0,H_{int}] = 0$?
One loop correction to the propagator of a scalar coupled to a massless fermion
How much work can we extract from a black hole?
Flat universe and accelerating expansion
What does Ricci tensor do with two vectors?
Why does the pion not undergo netural particle oscillation?
Free fall for a longer time
Why Lagrangian of electromagnetism with Lorenz Gauge evolve Klein Gordon equation?
Do the arms of a spiral galaxy spin around like a candy bar in long spirals?
Do virtual photons have a frequency?
About the orthogonality of the Hamiltonian eigenstates for the the continuous energy spectrum
Phase space Lagrangian?
Tensor components change under rotation-translation
Friction force in rolling motion
Sommerfeld Parameter Confusion
CNOT gate application to separated qubits
s,p,d,f Orbital visualization or simulation?
Direction of electric field lines and electrostatic force
Identity operator in terms of the energy eigenstates in case of continuous spectrum
Integrability in classical mechanics
How to convert $V \otimes W^*$ to a matrix space?
Why do the $u$ and $d$ quark not have an associated quantum number?
Projectile motion maximum distance to origin
Does one *feel* the electrostatic force while not resisting it?
How far does a trampoline vertically deform based on the mass of the object?
Potential and kinetic energy
How to interpret that forces do not depend on acceleration?
Dispersion in a rectangular prism
Can the universe be round but still infinite?
Does a photon emitted in a potential well due to transitions undergoe a blueshift?
Confusion regarding rotational motion!
What is the difference between a parameter, a variable, and an operator in QM?
Dirac Current Spectral Representation
Difference between speed of light and of bullet after passing through a barrier
If the cord has a breaking strength of 25.0 N, explain why the cord broke when supporting a load so much lesser than its breaking strength
Speed needed to make a car jump from a ramp
Calculating the magnetic field from rectangular conductor?
What is a full cycle in damped oscillation?
Why the direction of dipole moment is from negative charge to positive charge?
Fierz identity for Weyl spinors in tensor currents
Why does the medium affect the Coulomb&#39;s constant but not the gravitational constant?
Bose-Einstein Grand Canonical partition function derivation step
Is the plane wave model always valid in reflection and transmission?
Does chirp (GDD, TOD ) affect the temporal coherence of a laser?
direct interaction theory
What is the reason behind band gap narrowing in semiconductors
Particle paths and standing waves
Can we disconnect an object from the pull of gravity using some material?
Fate of largest scale structures?
Explanation of Lorentz-Force
Dispersion of prism: Graph of angle of deviation versus wavelength
Question about universe expansion
Books that develop interest &amp; critical thinking among high school students
How to find 2nd order pertubation to wave function?
Chirality in Particle physics
Is there any such thing as a change in acceleration (ex: 3 m/s/s/s)?
Physical intuition on $\mathbf{v}\otimes \mathbf{w}$
How to write a noisy state as a separable operator
How can space be euclidean when light bends?
Understanding a modified &quot;delayed choice quantum eraser&quot; experiment?
Example of law of conservation of energy
Trouble understanding phase matching equation
What is the relationship between Faraday cage mesh size and attenuation of cell phone reception signals?
High school student interested in a career in physics
Is the focal length of a thin convex lens always less than the radius of curvature?
In special relativity, is it correct to say the speed of a body B relative to A is the same as measured by every observer?
Does the definition of the SI unit &quot;second&quot; require that possible perturbation of primary frequency standards should be measured?
Macroscopic polarization operator (Berry&#39;s phase?)
A current through a wire produces a magnetic field around it. Is the reverse possible?
Why do we see light and isn&#39;t everything dark?
How to understand the uncertainty of quoted value of cosmic black body radiation?
Third-order susceptibilities of metals?
Tunnel diode/quantum tunneling
Fabry-Perot Spectroscopy
I wonder what kind of proof we have that dark matter is really made of not-yet-discovered WIMP particles and not WISPy?
Dimensionless numbers in relativistic theory
Solving a Non-Isentropic rankine Cycle
Truck driven from a small motor that can carry a heavy load, yet can travel fast.
Current and Resistance-Effects of the Length of the Wire
What is the general theory that describes the interactions between strings?
Time relativity / paradox
Find the center of mass of a hemispherical shell
What will be the content of mercury of a can which contains 100 gm water?
Can the physical properties of the EM field be described directly from the 4-gauge potential?
What does it mean that a magnetic field&#39;s flux vanishes through any closed surface?
Why Benard cells are usually hexagonal?
Relation between coordinates and frames of reference
Origin of quark masses
Clarify excerpt from Feynman Lectures on rotations in three dimensions
Sound waves and chromism?
How to find the electric field of a charged tube?
Mechanics Question Help?
When was the first time that superconducting quasiparticles were called Majorana fermions?
Path integral in quantum mechanics
Magnet arcs assemly
Pass to globally conserved currents from locally conserved currents in curved spacetime
How can velocity be measured on a persons hand?
How to tell the order of a Feynman diagram?
What&#39;s the difference between insulators and topological insulators?
I were to travel to the other side of the world then is this logic possible? If no, why?
Are the Voyager spacecraft rotating in space or are they completely still?
Finding total electric charge on a sheet
Using Conservation of momentum and Energy to solve a problem
What gauge field can be constructed from Lorentz symmetry?
Nomenclature clarification concerning solitons
Rayleigh length determination for Laguerre-Gaussian Modes
Carnot efficiency, coefficient of performance for a refrigerator
Are measurement results only orthogonal?
Time that we have changing color
Neutral $K$ and $B$ mesons decay to 2 photons?
Apply Gauss&#39; law to find electric field around nonconducting plastic sheets
What is the physical process behind wool shrinking when dried?
Dimension of Electric Charge in Mass, Length and Time
Is (rest) mass conserved in special relativity?
Kallen–Lehmann spectral representation for an arbitrary spin
Work done by friction on car
Are only 2 bits of information transmitted in quantum teleportation?
Derivation of Kepler&#39;s laws
Particle physics: Why is J^P called spin parity if J is the total angular momentum?
Celsius to Fahrenheit confusion: why there is no 1 to x ratio?
Ferromagnetism, magnetic moment per formula unit
Does a positive or negative charge attract a neutral object?
How do I find the momentum of a car after a turn of 90&#176;?
Is fuelless aviation possible?
Force of gravity at quantum level is indetermined?
Effects of Lens Changes on Geometric Optics
Local EPR-experiments with photons in vacuum?
Why is the water diamagnetic?
Why does the refractive index not mirror the Lorentzian peak shape of the absorption index?
What is the sum of the electrons&#39; magnetic moments in a wire?
Whats the maximum number of electrons that can fit into the outer shell of boron?
Perturbation theory : quadratic external field
How do superconducting materials float in magnetic field?
Reverse Recovery Current of a diode
Why is acceleration significant to generating power in racket sports?
Magnets quantum locking/levitating
How much energy does a PV cell need to work?
Why can &quot;slow&quot; neutrons trigger fission?
Normal matrix is diagonalizable
Volume of Brillouin zone is the same as Fourier primitive cell?
Infinite series of derivatives of position when starting from rest
Determine the pressure on the low-pressure side of a gas flowing through an orifice
Explanation of relationship between pressure and poiling point of water
Is there no electric field inside a conductor?
How to find the velocity ratio of a pulley system?
What is the secondary electron cutoff in ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy?
What happens to the nucleus energy when it decays?
How does an operator transform under time reversal?
Precisely when is a matrix representation of Hermitian operator also Hermitian?
In a positively biased PN junction, where do the injection carriers come from?
Will the new LHC data falsify some theories?
Hall-Petch Equation (Units?)
What field of physics studies space and time?
Why is energy released during decay?
A small doubt in reciprocal space(aka K-space) in quantum mechanics
Is Parity really violated? (Even though neutrinos are massive)
Geometric measure of entanglement for fermions or bosons?
Can a relativistic quantum particle be completely confined into a finite hole?
Magnetic moment of an iron-core solenoid
General relation between power density of any engine and dissiapation rate and temperature
Matrix dimensions in the spacetime interval equation don&#39;t seem to agree? (Possible notation misunderstanding)
Question about the no-clone theorem
How can the contact point of rolling body have zero velocity?
Apparent Contradiction in Helmholtz Free Energy
What determines the factors of the multipole expansion?
How to calculate liquid pressure regardless of the gravity?
Superconductivity induced by magnetic flux or temperature fluctuations (+/-)
Do cosmic strings or global monopoles interact with magnetic field?
What is the effect of vibrations on an object&#39;s properties?
How to move liquid uphill against a thermal gradient, without moving parts
why do x Schwarzschild radii equal time dilation effects of speed of light going y times faster than an object^2?
Amount of unknown parameters in compressible Euler equations
Regarding the possibility of Closed Timelike Curves
How to derive electron number equation of Bogoliubov Hamiltonian using thermodynamic relations.
What are the photon/electron consequences of matter in a gravitational time dilation?
What does thermal conductivity actually measure?
Calculate the speed of projectile motion
Eddy currents are out of phase with respect to the field generated by a coil?
Basic rule for diffraction
Equations of motion of displacement field
How to imagine higher dimensions?
Why the EMF of a battery doesn&#39;t depend on distance between the two electrodes?
Combining two finite number fock spaces into one
Clarify an assertion on torques from the Feynman lectures
Alternative to Cooper pairing in superconductivity
Changing momentum of moving trolley
If the Hamiltonian is invariant under particle permutations, show that the Hilbert space increases linearly with the number of particles
Is there a depth at which a human body, with lungs full of air, will no longer float?
Why are permanent magnets permanent?
Tension and compression in bicycle wheel spokes - what holds the wheel in place?
What are pressure threshold patches called in professional terminology?
Dense plasma focus properties
Is potential energy an energy exists or potentiality of energy?
In an all-out nuclear war, how long should remain sheltered?
Three polarizers, 45&#176; apart
Entropy of loops in the PV plane
Rotating rod assembly, finding the force reactions at the bearings
Are we really sure that the whole universe is expanding?
What will be the gravitational pull of the Sun if the Sun contracts to a black hole?
Does time expand along with space?
Are there any scales other than temperature that have different zero points?
how much weight can you put on a bike tire?
Could the LHC be used for fusion experiments?
Slater-Determinant: When is this appopriate?
How to calculate the amout of time for oil to get out from a pneumatic cylinder?
What does it mean to &quot;contract&quot; a tensor identity?
Young&#39;s Modulus and Vibrating String Harmonics
Proving Kepler&#39;s 1st Law without differential equations
Distinguishing between perfect rigid mirror and symmetrical universe
Sun and planets orbit each other
Why do some bound states disappear in a discontinuous way?
Could Quantum Entanglement be related with gravitational interactions?
Is it possible to send modulated ultrasound wave from underwater to air?
Is density of a material related to penetration?
The actual space curvature
Normalize Fourier Transform For Video Game
Soliton wave transmission and experiments
The graph of Alternating current
Why are three parameters required to express rotation in 3 dimension?
Since the earth is moving through space, do we experience time dilation?
Ising model scale invariance
What is the most accurate experimental confirmation of Rutherford&#39;s $\sin^{-4}\phi/2$ law?
Variance and Intermittency in turbulence
Relativity and Current in Wire
Lagrangian of constrained point mass
Does all matter emit gravitational waves all the time?
Does a particle annihilate only with its antiparticle? If yes, why?
Pair-annihilation why does it occour?
Independent Phases in Gauge Theory
Tank draining with piston
Why do non-Newtonian fluids go hard when having a sudden force exerted on them?
Why does replacing bra and ket basis vectors by their row and column representations give the wrong matrix representation in a non-orthogonal basis?
Spin operator: tricky proof using gamma matrices
Finding equivalent resistance in complex circuit
Ladder Operator killing state
On the Bogoliubov transformation in the BCS
How does quantum mechanics explain stability of electron orbitals?
How to calculate the focal length of spherical shell (zero meniscus lens)
What is the overall rate of heat conduction through two pipes of different dimensions if the thermal conductivity is not constant?
Gravitational electromagnetic clock effect
Spring compressed between two blocks
Gravity of photons in different reference frames
Does Heisenberg&#39;s uncertainty principle work on large objects?
Computer simulation of the formation of planet
Rolling in V shaped groove
Effective masses for different direction
Heat equation with with time varying boundary condition
Is the Weyl Postulate correct?
Degeneracy of Rotational Energy Levels of a Diatomic Molecule
Why is $p_\phi$ conserved in a Schwarzschild orbit?
How active is research on non-relativistic quantum mechanics?
Dimension and Basis properties of $SU(N)$
Why is static electricity called static?
Is it possible to use induction ampermeter to measure power consumption of electric water heater and dryer?
Rotational Spectrum of a Diatomic Molecule
Singularities across the critical isotherm in Landau&#39;s phenomenological theory of phase transition
Spectral reflectance identification of types of iron rust
Phase shift of 180 degrees on reflection from optically denser medium
Realism vs. locality in EPR/Bell arena
How do solar panels generate infinite electricity?
What happens to an electron moving in an electric field?
How many times should the spoon be stirred for the sugar to dissolve (almost) completely in a coffe cup?
Practical understanding of energies in LHC collisions
The interaction between waves and particles according to their wavelength
Gradient of a normalized hysteresis loop in longitudinal geometry
Saturn V F-1 engines and beyond
Why would an object appear a different size when in water?
Calculating average energy stored in Li-Po battery
Understanding Poynting&#39;s Theorem intuitively
Why does a voltmeter give a positive reading for a path in the same direction as the electric field?
Equation for calculating spring costant
Hall conductivity from Kubo: Bulk or edge?
Proof that spacetime interval is invariant
Gravitinos the key to theory of everything?
EM field of free moving electrons?
Coupled wheel and rod (analytical mechanics)
Who can see the event/apparent horizon and Hawking effect?
Partial pressures - beyond the concept of point masses
Best books for mathematical background?
When can an autonomous system be written using a Hamiltonian?
Meaning of the symmetrisation postulate in absence of a proper model
What is the significance of the &quot;squared&quot; in $E =mc^2$?
Is it possible to heat plasma to the point where there is no electrical resistance?
When is the spectrum of the Hamiltonian (purely) continuous?
2600mAh Battery Charging Time
Calculating the beating length of the directional coupler
What is temperature?
How does liquid in a ball affect its rotational acceleration down a ramp?
image transmission through waveguides
Perturbations in arbitrary dimensions
Time crystals : fake or revolution?
Phase change on reflection only 0 and $\pi$ allowed
Precise statement of Mermin–Wagner theorem
Phase change by reflection
Physical examples of wave function that is stationary in space and varying in time. Something like $\Psi(x,t) = \psi(t)e^{-ikx}$
Why does the following contradiction arise in Lagrangian Formalism?
Prove Christoffel Symbol Identity
Argument of E. Fradkin on the mean-field theory of spin liquids
The 1st law of thermodynamics
Drift Speed and Current in Two Different Inertial Frames
Have they really photographed light behaving both as a particle and a wave?
Average acceleration versus instantaneous acceleration
Does the low-energy gauge structure depend on the choice of $SU(2)$ gauge freedom?
Are magnetic field lines level sets?
Surfaces that reflect UV rays
Angular momentum commutation relations?
Calculating work done on an ideal gas
How can a photon have energy when its mass is zero?
Relative error of equivalent resistance of resistors in parallel
Writing a Green function for Tight binding Hamiltonian?
Determining the focal length of a gradient index lens
Superconducting electromagnets?
Charge of a moving particle
Electric field from current without Maxwell&#39;s law of induction
Quaternions and 4-vectors
Metal Halid Lamp: continous arcing?
Difficulties with understanding total entropy change and unavailabillty
In a noiseless environment, how accurate do today&#39;s transmitters send EM waves?
Has this experiment really demonstrated wave-function collapse?
Heat balance: how to obtain T(t) with energy in the form u(T(t))
A spin on relativity&#39;s twin paradox?
How much drag/friction does moving a magnet past coil make?
Do Amp&#232;re&#39;s and the the Biot-Savart law give different answers for the magnetic field of a circular loop?
The free surface of the wave is a material surface
Relativistic Momentum and Energy - Lorentz Transformations
Spectral line formula
Photon propagator integral
Modifying differential equations representing a projectile system to account for an arbitrary force
How do you get the curvature tensor of the Schwarzschild Solution?
Why is the photoelectric absorption coefficient finite at the threshold frequency?
is it possible to confine an atom in a container
Closed strings = open ones attached to a D0-brane?
Diamond changing to graphite
Is the usually taught solution to forced harmonic motion just a special solution?
Point group symmetries and unit cell
Frequency response of a capstan-like mechanical amplifier
Charge distribution in a heterogenous coin
why does string theory require holography?
Physical intuition/interpretation of fractional derivatives/integrals?
Mercury&#39;s Orbital Precession in Special Relativity
Would you still be able to see if you were traveling faster than light?
Force problem related to adhesive and bonding
What guarantees that in a circular motion in a vertical loop, the resultant of the forces will always point to the center?
dagger operator in spinor representation
Joe puts one scale on top of the other and steps on the top scale. What is the reading on the scale? Full question below
projectiles involving angle of projection
In the orbiting space station, you are handed two identical boxes, one filled with sand, and the other filled with feathers. How can you determine
Simplifying a Vector Integral
Why do snorkelers not need to wear corrective glasses when snorkeling with goggles on?
How can we detect the property of matter by using mechanical waves or IR or any other way
Time-reversed twin paradox
What polytropic index should I use for spherical accretion onto a degenerate object?
Confusion about average force applied over a time interval
Rate of evaporation of water with mass loss at set temperature and pressure
Seiberg-Witten theory and Superconductivity
Static pressure in relation to CFM
If photon-photon interactions are impossible, how are higher harmonics generated?
Is it correct to say &quot;like poles attract, unlike poles repel&quot; while two magnets are placed such that one is inside another?
Internal energy according to the van der Waals equation
Problem on finding the spatial components of canonical momenta in Fierz-Pauli Lagrangian
Thermodynamics helppp
Thermodynamics Help please
Why can&#39;t I series 5 D Cell Batteries to achieve 7.4 volts?
Determining the refractive index of a foil
Electric flux of a point charge in 2D
Checking for equilibrium in a square configuration of charges
Do Shape Memory Alloys (SMA) work harden?
Diagonalising an infinite Hermitian matrix
Constant 2 in kinetic energy equation
Can one apply the Hubbard-Stratonovich transformation to the exponential of the Laplacian?
What is the force between two charged objects when the space between them is partially filled by a dielectric medium?
What is the electrostatic force between charges if they separated by a combination of dielectric media?
The force on the northern hemisphere
Why can&#39;t Compton scattering happen in leading order of perturbation theory?
What happens when both of Polarizing filter in LCD screen are Horizontal
Non-trivial scalar quantity
Hermitian Adjoint of Spinor
If the LHC-calculated mass of the Higgs is wrong, how long will it take to determine this with confidence?
How to find the voltage?
How to measure the range of a horizontal projectile?
What does the &quot;UV&quot; in &quot;UV completion&quot; stand for?
Why is the outside run of high presure line on a ductless mini-split airconditioner insulated?
Induced electric field
Exam review problem. Weird answer
Child-Langmuir Space Charge Law for Non-Zero Cathode Potential (Non-Zero Initial Electron Velocity)
Gauge invariance and Bohm-Aharonov effect
Can the Milky Way&#39;s halo be considered to be curved spacetime?
Could quantum particle have a specific velocity without position at all?
Specific Humidity in an Air Conditioning System
When a force pushes an object does the force move the object?
Curvature of Spacetime
How to find equations of motion when potential is given by inverse-square?
Binding energy of Helium and repulsion of protons
Is gravitational time dilation different from other forms of time dilation?
Charge renormalization point in massive abelian gauge theory
What types of materials can be electrically charged by rubbing?
Why can the Euler beta function be interpreted as a scattering amplitude?
How does a balloon deflate?
Does light bend while travelling a path on which refractive index doesn&#39;t change?
Collisions between an object and a wall
Power dissipated in Series versus Parallel
Symmetry in gravitational time dilation
Which position and momentum distributions arise from some wave function?
Stone vs. Atomic Bomb
Solving one dimensional Schrodinger equation with finite difference method
Would a planet in a binary star system follow Kepler&#39;s Laws?
Dependence of finite part of loop integral on regularization
Question on hadamard gate and cnot gate circuit tables
Kepler problem in time: how do two gravitationally attracted particles move?
What is the relationship between $a$ and $m$
Two Bodies Orbiting Around Each Other and Kepler’s Laws?
Comparing the orbit radius of two spherical objects
How to calculate wind force (air resistance) on a rectangular object?
Am I right in my understanding of angular motion?
Electromagnetism Boundary condition
Selection rule $\Delta S=0$: Why does a photon not interact with an electrons spin?
How can there be two Beta-stable nuclei with the same value of atomic mass?
Intuitive explanation for the existence of an energy gap in superconductors
Infrared radiation and infrared cameras
Eulerian mass conservation on a stream line to Lagrangian mass conservation
Vibrational anharmonic coupling and noise-induced spontaneous symmetry breaking in a hexagonal finite mechanical lattice
Trampoline physics - what is the right time to crouch and to jump to maximize your height?
How do logarithms show up in the one loop calculation of the vacuum polarization in QED?
Given airplane mass, velocity of air under wing, and a wing area, find velocity of air over wing
How to convert rotational energy into electricity
Strangeness of QFT
How to understand the indeterminate process in thermodynamics?
How does the gravity of a massive non-spherical object act on things around it?
Theory of relativity. Relative to what?
Why aren&#39;t orbitals symmetric?
How to estimate the time spending along the fluid flow
Could one argue that h (Planck constant) and $\hbar$/2 (Dirac constant) are in fact independant constants?
Maxwell&#39;s equation in curved spacetime - how come? And experimental evidence?
How can I relate linear and angular motion using a single formula?
Loop quantum gravity (LQG) vs. Quantum Graphity -- how are they different?
Looking back when falling into a black hole
How to find one of the vectors when we know the other, the angle between the vectors and the result?
Displacement vector in parallel plate capactor
Could the International Space Station get us to Mars?
When does the &#39;standard&#39; angular velocity formula not hold?
Does the gravitational force of one object interfere with that of another?
What is the wind speed *behind* a semi-truck moving at 100 km/hr?
Ratio between thermal conductivity heat transfer coefficient
Why is it impossible to have a perfect vacuum?
Entanglement, Bohr-Einstein Debate, Bell&#39;s Inequality
Floquet quasienergy spectrum, continuous or discrete?
Exactly which components of special relativity are contained in Minkowski spacetime?
Is our Universe a larger version of a galactic polar jet?
Why some material is waterproof while breathable?
Is carrier charge density and carrier mobility constant in a given material?
What is fundamentally happening that causes light to change its orientation when repeatedly polarized? (edited)
circular orbits in general relativity
Does graphene have a honeycomb lattice?
Origin of lepton/quark generations?
Conservation of Energy in Blue Shift
What&#39;s the interpretation of Feynman&#39;s picture proof of Noether&#39;s Theorem?
Electronic device malfunctions from condensate
Expansion of gauge potential on infinite dimensional manifold
Faster Than light!
Why do I always hear remote train horn at night?
How do electrons distribute themselves along a wire attached to one pole of a battery?
Why is elastic modulus greater than shear modulus?
How to obtain the asymptotic behavior of Green&#39;s function?
The formation of black holes and their destiny
Solve for work done during electrolysis using the Van Der Waals equation
Why is the release of energy during the He-flash in stars almost explosive?
Problem in one step of deriving Einstein&#39;s Field Equation from Caroll&#39;s book
What is an average work day like for a theoretical cosmologist?
What is Timelike Quantum Entanglement?
How does a minority carrier diffuse?
Can energy be extracted indefinitely from a mass dipole/mass negative mass pair in perpetual motion?
If I charge a battery using a much higher current, can it explode?
How can we represent the 3 space coordinates uniquely by one point that can be put on a single axis?
Metric inside a sphere of uniform density?
Why is the electric field operator normalized by a volume?
A Theorem Due to Hodge: Hawking/Ellis
Where does the $50^*$ in $SU(5): 10\otimes10= 5^*\oplus45^*\oplus 50^*$ in A. Zee QFT?
Unitary groups and infinitesimal transformations - Schwingers way of deriving Lie groups
How do I construct the Maxwell tensor $\bf{^*F}$ from Fadaray one $\bf{F}$ in a non-flat spacetime?
The Schwinger Limit and the Breit-Wheeler Process
Rigorous distinction between quasiparticles and collective excitations
How can dark matter collapse without collisions or radiation?
Photoelectric effect stopping potential
continuity equation and pressure head in a tank
Difference between steady state and equilibrium?
What is the usefulness of the Wigner-Eckart theorem?
Computational physics using mathematica
Wave-Particle Duality and Quantum Tunneling Experiment
Destroying currents in superconducting rings by vortex tunneling
Expectation of momentum in the bound state
Existance of observables trace orthogonal to Hamiltonian
Does a source emitting visible light also emit infrared, microwave and radio waves?
2 Component Spinor Formalism
What kind of rotations are described by octonions in string theory?
A yellow lemon is illuminated by green light. What color does the lemon appear?
Component of a vector perpendicular to another vector
Physics of a cold and hot top
How do astronomers measure the distance to a star or other celestial object?
Is there a list of (the solid state version of) electron affinities?
Do all &quot;normal&quot; black holes rotate?
How to write $su(3)$ Lie algebra as a sum of two subspaces?
Mapping quantum states of different (quantum) physical systems to the same Hilbert space
Change of variables to apply Melnikov method
Is this derivation of Black Hole entropy viable?
Evaluation of Fermi integral
Upper limit to electric charge confinement?
Find the electric field of light due to an LED
What is the magnitude and direction on a charge in a constant electric field?
Buoyancy problem
Calculating the (on-shell) action of a free particle
Is there a simple expression for the coherent information of a Pauli channel?
Momentum around an accelerated electron
Can universe or anything be simulated with absolute accuracy?
Does O$^{2-}$ really exist?
What will my diamond fibre shirt look like?
UV filter, does it exist?
How to expand free energy of Heisenberg spin chain?
Use of Imaginary Angles in Physics
Google interview riddle and scaling arguments
Are atomic energies increasing as the Universe expands?
What will happen when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object?
Finding the initial velocity vector of an orbiting body
What is the simplest way to perform a Cavendish experiment?
Noether&#39;s first and second theorems
Violation of Pauli exclusion principle
Finding time period of oscillations in a multiple spring system attached to a solid cylinder
Is the &quot;Doctor Who&quot; spacetime affected by Hawking&#39;s chronology protection mechanism?
Why when I put a teabag into microwaved water does the water fizz?
Sum of forces with liquid in rotation
Lorentz Algebra Representation and QFT
Tension in a Cable Between Two Masses on a Triangle? (Diagram)
Why does an ice cube not twirl along when twirling a drink glass?
Higher order principle of isotropy
Doubts about fabric of the cosmos;What is space!
Calculating energy density in the early Universe
Doubts about fabric of the cosmos. Illusion of time?
Two block connected with spring on a rough surface
Why are neutron stars mostly composed of neutrons?
Electromagnetic field question help
Magnetic field/ electrostatics
Is a &quot;Perfect&quot; Vacuum theoretically possible
Doesn&#39;t the Big Bang negate the law of conservation of matter?
Natural frequencies of a torsion system
Why are solar panels blue, rather than black, when black absorbs more light?
how to represent denisty operators in different basis?
Weight of solid partially immersed in water
Physicists who were criticised for their works but later celebrated by the people
What should be the intuitive explanation of wave equation?
How can humidity change in a closed room?
Variation in spring constant with respect to the length and no. of coils
Stacking batteries and electron flow
Is equivalent resistance always lower if we add a resistor to a passive electronic circuit?
Why are non-Abelian gauge theories Lorentz invariant quantum mechanically?
How is derived the relation between capacitances when a $Y-\Delta$ transformation is applied in a capacitors network?
Dark matter: Will Special Relativity hold?
Why liquids in hydrostatic equilibrium stay at the same height? (open tubes)
Is there any chance that quantum mechanics could be incorrect?
What is Switch Contact Rating?
The Einstein-Cartan equation as the &quot;living heart of gravity&quot;?
What does Weinberg–Witten theorem want to express?
Pole Mass vs. Running Mass vs. Other Running Parameters
potential barrier scattering when particle energy equals to the barrier height
Continuity behaviour of a wavefunction when the potential exhibits a discontinuity
Poisson brackets for constrained system
Why do we think there are only three generations of fundamental particles?
Carbon 14 disintegration
What is the difference between the photoelectric effect and secondary emission?
Proton scattering off electrons
Ideally black plates
geometric ray tracing
Rolling a ball into a cone; what should the forces overall be?
Can gyroscope work in zero gravity?
Relation between surface carrier density and Fermi level?
Is plant photosynthesis more efficient than solar panels?
mirror nuclei: accounting for the difference in mass between nuclei
Delta-V of ion thrusters
Path of a proton in a magnetic field
Effective mass in Spring-with-mass/mass system
Where is the atmospheric pressure equal to zero?
Seeking a coordinate-free expression of the orbital period for uniform circular motion around a non-rotating point-like mass
Fermi-Dirac Statistics
Thermodynamics Work Done At constant pressure and charles law
Is there any difference between fusing and smashing particles?
Magnetic cooling and adiabatic process
Looking for a simple example of generating unequal probabilities in QM
Estimating the number of atom/nuclei in a single quantum dot
Beginners Textbooks in physics
Dumbed-down explanation how scientists know the number of atoms in the universe?
How many electrons are there in the universe?
Rotating platform with pulleys and stacked blocks
Secondary constraints leads to the value of lagrange multiplier
Electromagnetic field tensor via tensor products?
When to use Hamiltonian vs Lagrangian?
Does the superposition principle affect the space of quantum states?
In a supergiant star, is the energy transport inside the star mostly convective or radiative?
Why does the Walecka model not include pions?
Why is there a contradiction in this Newton&#39;s equations of motion related question?
What physical conditions would allow for this kind of perpetual seesaw
Why is there a negative sign in front of the optical wave?
Why does Ohm&#39;s law ignore the Lorentz force?
Coadjoint orbits in physics
Backwards airflow in a Venturi tube
Pauli exclusion principle and relativity
How can I easily measure the distance between well head and water surface continuously
Pipe in a flowing river problem
Do we actually measure distances in light years?
Fluid in a rotating cylinder
Hadamard Gate application help
Proof of the conservation of the energy functional for the Gross-Pitaevskii equation?
How does energy get transfered from destructive interference point to constructive one?
Force between two current carrying wires: the general case
Lagrangian, Kinetic &amp; Potential energy with two masses connected to three springs
What experimental proof has been found of Einstein&#39;s theory?
How is the number of electrons in an atom found?
Grain boundary sliding in creep
How to combine contributions of individual type of cone cell sensitivity to get the human luminosity function?
Is speed of propeller-driven airplane limited by the speed of sound?
Potential of a uniformly charged hollow sphere
How to find the time evolution for two-component spinor?
Why dark matter and general relativity?
Do we see color with higher frequency first?
Charged particle under a uniform electric field
Invariance of Maxwell equations
Cluster decomposition in string theory
How does Dirac define the representative of $\{\langle\phi\frac{d}{dq}\}\psi\rangle = \langle\phi\{\frac{d}{dq}\psi\rangle\}$
The Interior of A Nucleon
Noether&#39;s theorem in field theory: Jacobian factor
What are the units of color matching functions?
How can you visualize hard axis of magnetization?
If we have a current $I$ flowing down a wire, why must the net bound current be zero?
Why is pale coloured skin said to absorb more UV?
Largest size of a low gravity, Earth-like planet with Volcanoes and Earthquakes?
Relation between 1D and 3D partition function
From where should I start in physics?
magnetic field of a rotating ring magnet
Why does the light instantly disappear when we switch off the source?
How do we know that the Law of Cooling is true?
Maximal work from cooling a portion of water
Calculate the approximate number of conduction electrons
Charge present at the centroid of equilateral triangle
Path length requirement for diffraction problem
What is the actual meaning of &quot;a transistor moves to saturation region&quot; and what is the operation of it in NOT gate?
E-field between inclined plates
Only differences in chemical potential have physical meaning?
How fast does the force of pulling a straight rope propagate along the rope?
What is the &quot;Obscuration Factor (OBF)&quot;?
Does the readoption of the cosmological constant apply across all models of GR?
2s orbital wavefunction has non-zero probability at $r=0$?
Hydrogen radial wave function infinity at $r=0$
Dimensional Regularization of the Higgs Mass Correction
How can the Schwarzschild radius of the universe be 13.7 billion light years?
Understanding mechanical equilibrium
Why is $\theta \over 2$ used for a Bloch sphere instead of $\theta$?
Why metals fused in vacuum?
How can a rotating cylinder produce lift?
Can the fluid volume in a control volume change over time?
Lagrangian for small oscillations
Composition of Lorentz Transformations
Question about buoyancy
Electrical conductivity of pool water
The velocity of air on an airfoil
Is Dyson Sphere a stable construction?
Would Special Relativity Predict Time Dilation of a Geostationary Satellite Compared to an Observer on Earth?
Obtaining electric field of an uniformly charged sphere surface without using gauss law
Blackbody radiation and emissive power
Do photons emitted from a LED show bunching?
What is the fringe separation in Young&#39;s double slit experiment?
Probability of photon emission
What exactly is regularization in QFT?
Could dark matter be gravity leaking in time
Conservation of angular momentum in a planetary system
what&#39;s is secret of the football ball pattern
Solution to the Schroodinger Equation,Morse Potential
About generator of $SU(2)$ flavor symmetry group
When is matrix representation of a Hermitian operator invertible?
Particle in a one dimensional box conditions
Why is microwave better than visible light for point to point data communication?
Design process of directional coupler
Vacuum Systems, Vapor Pressure, and Machine Damage
Gravity vs. Electromagnetism Scenario
What is displacement time series?
Drifting Maxwellian distribution for energy
Drying clothes with the sun&#39;s heat, without any air
Motion in a Paul trap: $2n^{\text{th}}$ harmonic with larger amplitude than $n$th harmonic
Do anti-photons exist?
How do I prove that the del squared operator commutes with the angular momentum operator?
How to calculate the force between line of charges?
Are the electrons spin and his magnetic dipole moment unambiguously connected?
A reliable aluminium battery that charges in a minute. What&#39;s the catch?
Hamiltonian acting on sum operator
Otto cycle efficiency described in pressure ratio (instead of compression ratio)
How to repeat the Biot-Savart experiment for the direct current in a straight wire and the corresponding magnetic field without side effects?
Index notation for a Lagrangian with second derivatives
Is it possible to calculate the radius of star?
Superposition and simultaneous observation
Expanding the H and D field in orthogonal modes
Conservation of Angular Momentum and linear velocity
Analogies between Fraunhofer diffraction and Josephson junctions
EM Field tensor of a point charge
When a thermal source emits electrons how are the spins of this electrons are aligned?
Statistical Mechanics deals with the same systems that Thermodynamics does?
Very simply I&#39;ll probe this, how can the new evidence for quantum entanglement even be true
when an object is lifted (at a constant velocity) shouldn&#39;t the work done on the object be zero?
Difference between kilogram-force and kilogram
Tracking down the locality assumption in a CHSH inequality derivation
How did the concept of energy evolve with the years?
Kirchoff&#39;s voltage law doesn&#39;t seem to hold in an experiment conducted with series resistor, diode and signal generator
How is Infinitesimal coordinate transformation related to Lie derivatives?
Why does red light travel faster than blue light?
Why does the moment of force (aka. torque) depend on the perpendicular distance?
Finding finite square well width and depth from transmission resonance
Special Relativity - Distance Not Increased?
Why does the non-linearity of the string action prohibit stretching due to strong excitations?
Noether&#39;s theorem in classical field theory
Distributions (generalized functions) over manifolds
What does $\bar{x}_{\textrm{el}}$ represent?
Does it take more effort to move against earth&#39;s rotation?
Paper &quot;Gravitational Collapse and Space-Time Singularities&quot;, by R. Penrose
How to treat an exercise about the rotational acceleration during a throw?
Why magnetic field lines and force are not orthogonal with magnets?
Landau poles in dimension &lt;4?
Homopolar motor and Lorentz force
What observables are indicative of BCS Cooper pair condensation?
Is it possible to harness energy from the exothermic reaction of changes of state of matter?
In what form does energy depart the atom?
No Eve, we instead eat the snake and resolve the EPR dilemma
Measurement of the energy of an atom using a cold substance
In continuum mechanics, why is the stress vector $T=\sigma\cdot n$ not a covector?
Electron Beam Welding equation
Continuity Equation for Momentum
Will the electrostatic force between two charges change if we place a metal plate between them?
Does air speed vary in a jet engine axial flow compressor?
Solving Poisson equation - zero padding and duplicating Green function
How do I describe and calculate the effect of an impacting object?
Is the strength of a muscle proportional to its cross-sectional area?
Uncertainty relation for non-simultaneous observation
How does vasoconstriction/vasodilation of arterioles change blood pressure?
Interference and windows
Coriolis force: why is pole-to-equator air flow eastly?
Relation between pressure, velocity and area
Understanding percentage dose-depth curves
In what applications are lasers necessary vs. just convenient?
Why diffraction is related to wavelength not amplitude
Where does the energy of a light bulb come from?
How does exciting an electron&#39;s surrounding electromagnetic field cause &#39;electron excitation&#39;?
Reference frame of high speed rocket
How can we test relationship between frequency and peak current of an alternating current?
Atoms in a piece of paper?
How do we know dark matter isn&#39;t curved spacetime?
Electromagnetism Books and Lectures
Accurateness of measurement of 1Amp&#232;re for the last years, especially depending from the method how to switch on the current?
Problem about a spring which oscillates due to a external force
Entanglement ladder algebra and quantization of entanglement
Is it possible for a planet to be &quot;axially locked&quot;?
Why does the minus sign in the Minkowski metric mean that nothing can move backwards in time?
Is $0\,\mathrm{m}$ dimensionless?
Feynman Parametrization in muon magnetic moment
Spacetime in Loop quantum gravity
How to construct an isomorphism between the Complexified Special Linear Lie Group and the Special Unitary Group?
How to find angle of projection, if equation of motion of projectile is given?
How can I create particle-in-a-box diagrams in LaTeX?
discrepancy in theoretical and natural frequency?
What is exactly the density of a black hole and how can it be calculated?
How do we force a turbulent fluid to keep the input energy rate equal to energy dissipation rate?
Why does the density matrix $\rho$ obey a wrong-signed Heisenberg equation of motion?
Eternal black holes and Hawking radiation
Question on a mass attached to springs(spring balances)
Real data on pulleys
Power dissipation across resistors in series
What have we built? A resonant loop antenna? Rhombic?
Can the logarithmic decrement be found from extension of spring?
Why do nuclear weapons create a blast wave?
Calculating charge density
Can rocks glow in the dark?
Does a pivot exert an additional force, normal to the centripetal force, on an object rotating about it?
How can the &#39;choice&#39; of a photon said to be delayed?
Derivation of Newton-Euler equations of motion
Is liquid helium expensive because of its rarity or because of its low liquidification temperature?
Is negative energy a consequence of gravitational energy?
Taking photos without photons?
Numerical solution to Schr&#246;dinger equation - eigenvalues
Quantum theory of light
How does a wormhole form?
What actually is a continuous charge distribution?
What is the energy threshhold to produce Cherenkov radiation?
Ballentine&#39;s proof of (one half of) Stone&#39;s theorem
Combinations of angular momentum
Why does the bathroom become hot after a bath?
5 sigma result proof for particle discovery
the spring is initially at rest, calculate the maximum compression of the spring
How to calculate angular momentum (J) in the Kerr parameter equation?
Does light bend in a vacuum?
Conservation of energy in rotational mechanics
Why is the circumferential component of the magnetic field around a solenoid zero?
Torque on puck moving on plane without friction
Inhomogenous Schr&#246;dinger equation
How is capacitance of a cylindrical capacitor calculated?
Animating an Acceleration Vector - Acceleration of object on a crested path in gravitational field
Questions on the elementary excitations in the resonating-valence-bond(RVB) states?
How to understand the entanglement in a lattice fermion system?
A thought experiment involving relativity
How does a non-diffracting beam form from a converging ring of illumination?
Is a single photon also a Maxwellian wave?
Calculating new temperature of an object when air temperature changes
What&#39;s the difference between on-axis and peak intensity for a Gaussian beam?
What is the return probability for Brownian motion in three dimensions?
At what point does force stop translating an object and start purely rotating it?
Heisenberg XXX time evolution operator for three qubits
Ray optics of light
How do I determine the temperature of a fluid that was x degrees mixed with another fluid of y degrees?
Why would the curvature in space-time attract photons which have zero mass?
AC Electromagnets
Connection between two Petrov classification schemes
Why does it seem as if big vehicles &quot;attract&quot; mine when I drive close to them?
Limits of Integration Trig, Mag Field Infinite Length Wire
How does the Hutchinson Effect work?
Why dimensionality of the Electric Charge varies with the spacetime dimensions?
Atlas 2 For Mathematica. Need to calculate Riemann tensor, etc
Throwing a basketball. What do I need to consider to hit a target?
How to prove R value for insulation?
Electrical breakdown due to a charge
Fourier Transforms Related to Green&#39;s Functions
Electromagnetic braking hypothetical situation?
Flux Quanta in the Arahanov-Bohm effect
What will be the temperature of a 20 by 40 cm piece off gold plated copper when sun shines on it for 5 hours?
Free Electromagnetic field in Lorenz gauge
Optimal &quot;Blow up&quot; Configuration
Precisely speaking, does photon become massive or the phonon become massive, due to Higgs mechanism in superconductor?
wave function qestions
Electron propagation
Why is the magnetic field stronger at the edges of a bar magnet?
Is the Boltzmann brain problem really clearly established as a problem?
Electric field from conductive to dielectric media
Lagrangian formalism (demonstration)
Using the continuity equation against gravity
Does my green laser pointer emit three distinct frequencies, or is my measurement flawed?
Why do thuds occur?
About time flow
Is shape of a black body much of a concern in physics?
Deceleration rate of objects of different mass but the same otherwise
Why particles don&#39;t lose mass when they radiate
Gravitational Wave Interference
Virtual particles and the scaling effect on valence quarks
Does travelling light help us see past versions of an object?
Why I hear sound from downstairs clearer than sound from upstairs?
Does gravity affect magnetism, vice-versa, or do they &quot;ignore&quot; each other?
What&#39;s the significance of the difference between the quantum numbers, $\ell$ and $m_{\ell}$?
Charge loop corrections
How can I find the potential created by spherical capacitor with dielectric material?
details for the double slit experiment
Are there tables or data that determine the daylight Moon&#39;s rises?
How does the magnetic field generated from a rectangular cross-sectional current-carrying conductor differ from a circular cross-sectional conductor?
What is the &quot;penetrability factor&quot;?
Dielectric tensor vs. conductivity tensor in (cold) plasmas
According to the Kirchhoff&#39;s law, what&#39;s the ratio between currents in output branches of a node?
Is &quot;Elementary Modern Physics&quot; by Richard Weidner and Robert Sells still up to date?
When do we see particles to be in a superposition of energy states?
Speed of light yes or no?
Water and steam ratio
Adding a total time derivative term to the Lagrangian
What is a point transformation?
Friends I need some suggestion
Software to calculate and visualize reciprocal lattice
Visualizing GR spacetime distortion in 1+1D spacetime instead of 2D space
Lagrangian formalism application on a particle falling system with air resistance
writing wave function of a spinor having a spin component
Is it possible to formulate a Hamiltonian for a damped system?
Why should we want to quantize Gravity?
Why can&#39;t a high intensity beam be injected into the LHC when the machine is empty
Effect of Eath&#39;s rotation on a ball thrown upwards
Orbital elevators and the Coriolis effect
Why can&#39;t electric potential be negative?
Calculating moment of inertia of a disk - does this reasoning work?
Conserved quantities in the cart and pendulum problem
Reference for the Definition of Magnetic Properties
Intrinsic CPT phase
Singleton representations of $SO(2, d)$?
What is an average human&#39;s acceleration?
Expected value, Fluid Mechanics and Momentum balance
Tension in string and gravitational force on bob relative strength
Clearing up confusion about orbital mechanics
What is the physical cause that circulation on a closed surface is zero?
How to find the force due to fluid pressure over a surface?
Introductory quantum mechanics problem
Explanation for: A monopole antenna must contain a resistor (or equivalent) and therefore must have 2 terminals?
Viscosity for steam in the Reynolds number
How does &quot;contamination&quot; through (radioactive) radiation work?
Could satellites achieve orbit using current laser technology
What does the behavior of the pair correlation function look like in the vicinity of the critical point?
Frequency of gravitational waves
Is Gravitational Lensing Wrong?
Does this identity that applies to the metric tensor also apply to the stress-energy tensor?
Vector representations of Lorentz transformation in terms of $E$ and $p$
What is the difference between a magnon and a spinon?
Kraus operator rank
mechanics problem: rope on a fictionless table through a hole
From String Frame to Einstein Frame for 10D supergravity
How can electron move and yet have zero total energy?
Speed of light in a medium as superposition of dipole radiation
Fujikawa&#39;s method for 2+1-dimensional parity anomaly?
If velocity is constant, how can $p = F\cdot v$ be non zero?
2 Questions about Neutrino-Astrophysics - Majorana Masses, Freeze Out/Sterile Neutrinos
Proof the directivity antenna formula in degrees
Tachyonic field
Is it possible for an inductor to have a voltage across it without any current passing through it?
Physical Interpretation for Schwinger and Hadamard functions
$p^4$ in radial coordinates not Hermitian
Induced emf in stationary conductor lying in varying magnetic field
How to derive the form of the invariant spinor inner product?
What is the *quantum* of a field?
Integral over a product of two Green&#39;s functions
The unreasonable effectiveness of the partition function
Electric force between charges in two different media
Is entanglement a classical phenomena?
Why viscosity is diffusive?
Visibility of a super-massive star
Does a capacitor ever get fully charged?
How does the time evolution of a hydrogen atom work?
Capillary action and its limitations
Why are Transparent Conductors Needed so much?
Shining light (of a particular frequency) on an insulator to make it into a conductor
Einstein&#39;s mass-energy equivalence
Two clocks along different worldlines
How big is the power loss of a downwind wind turbine due to turbulence created by an upwind turbine?
Color of objects in Yellow sun
Why is the canonical partition function the Laplace transform of the microcanonical partition function?
If we connect a block of p-type semiconductor only to a positive terminal, will it become positively charged?
How to generate a Hysteresis curve using MOKE?
Is there a force responsible for quantum entanglement?
My python trajectory calculator for a small mass in a gravitational field - why is energy conservation violated?
Do particles experience time relatively according to relativity?
complex gamma function integral
Why is the sky of the moon always dark?
Torque direction meaning
Unmixing of gases: What is the relevant temperature for my Entropy?
What are some good online texts for electromagnetism?
Relativistic Kinematics - 2-Body Particle Decay
Can the gravitational constant be directly measured?
Vector Problem - Resultant
Imposing symmetries on asymmetrical dynamic systems
Is there a horizontal event horizon on a spinning black hole?
Electric field on a point P near a finite wire
Was there a period of doubt in the history of the Higgs mechanism?
Static Friction - Only thing that can accelerate a train?
Damped oscilator - logarithmic decrement of damping
Questions about MTW&#39;s &quot;thousand&quot; tests of the Einstein principle
Finding displacement given time with changing acceleration
Why the lifetime of acoustic phonons is larger than that of optical phonons?
Finding electric power generated using heat transfer
How to visualize the holonormic constraint $(\vec r_i - \vec r_j)^2 - c_{ij}^2$ = 0
How deep in the ocean can a ping-pong ball go before it collapses due to pressure?
Consideration of centrifugal force during descent
Does a lightning strike have a physical weight?
What (electrical) property does $\alpha$ represent with units of $\textrm{K}^{-1}$?
Would a three wheeled vehicle be faster than a four wheeled vehicle of the same weight?
Feynman-like diagrams for photon/electron interaction and electron recollision
Integration over angles (volume element change)
Right hand solenoid example
Translation Operators
What exactly is a kilogram-meter?
Minimum possible Kinetic Energy of a confined electron
What happens to gas molecules after ionization?
Looking for $\frac{dH}{dT}$ in terms of total latent heat and the change in magnetic moment
Covariant formulation of physical equations?
Quantizing highly nonlinear field-theories?
How can anti-matter annihilate matter?
Doppler shift for a uniformly accelerating observer
Scalar and vector defined by transformation properties
Equation of motion for the center of mass of a rigid body
System of point masses orbiting a center of mass
Calculating an integral containing a commutator for the hamiltonian and spin for a one electron atom
What is the covariant basis around a Schwarzschild black hole?
Recoil from a photon gun
Confusion regarding area from graph
Subgroup of Lorentz Group Generated by Boosts
Derivation of Archimedes&#39; principle
Aether atmospheres
Magnetic field and electric field induce one another forever
How to find the amplitude of magnetic field of this plane wave
Special Relativistic Time Dilation -- A computer in a very fast centrifuge
Proper way to quantize the string in the light-cone gauge
Branch cuts in two-point function
What happens when an object is dropped from a very tall tower?
Is it possible to order individual academic journals?
Steady State For An Air Conditioner
How did Lord Rayleigh find the volume fraction of argon to air?
Change in entropy of the Universe for charging/discharging a capacitor
Canonical ensemble, energy, heat bath
$U(1)$ 5-dimensional Kaluza-Klein topological defects
Cosmic string &amp; grandfather&#39;s paradox
Florescents and radio waves
Why do reversible processes not increase the entropy of the universe infinitesimally?
electroweak field contribution to the space curvature in GR
Hydrogen atom: potential well and orbit radii
Derive vector gradient in spherical coordinates from first principles
Quantum Entanglement
Is my conceptual understanding pertaining to heat &amp; temperature correct?
Given a slanted pipe
Could any object have zero mass?
Calculating Angular Acceleration of a Rolling Object
Intrinsic Impedance Clarification
Anomaly and Weyl spinors
Which way do black hole jets spin?
How can I carry out this force summation? Control volume involved
Considering spin angular momentum, what is the magnetic moment of a hydrogen 1s electron, and its energy levels?
ϕ-component of equation of moition: proving a relationship
Do batteries provide electrons
Induced magnetic field produces electric field and vice versa forever!
Mode groups in an optical fiber
Physics simulator based on conservation laws?
Spring system - 3 DoF system and its properties while changing stiffness
What keeps electrons in an atom from flying away or falling into the nucleus?
Negative pressure
Coercivity of a ferromagnetic material?
Carnot cycle efficiency increases by which method either increase sink temp. or decrease source temp
Oscillatory Casimir effect with a spring and repuslive forces
Torque on a rotational cylinder in viscous fluid
Velocity of a spacecraft in a circular orbit
Why is the total energy of current universe conserved?
Is there a way to calculate if a domed cylinder will balance on its dome or is top-heavy?
Imaginary time?
A question about the energy of turning on and off interaction adiabatically in QFT
In the Leidenfrost effect why droplets flow upwards
What is the conserved quantity?
Unitary base transformation applied to continous bases
How are the Lorentz force, Maxwell&#39;s third law and Faraday&#39;s law of induction clasically related?
Is the difference between an event horizon and a singularity merely perspective?
Is thinner glass more heat resistant?
Can light travel faster?
Viability of a Fayet Iliopoulos term in the MSSM
When was Electromagnetically Induced Transparency first introduced?
Angular acceleration of two rods joined in the center - did I do this right?
Rutherford Experiment - practical and theoretical questions
Perturbations of planetary Orbits
Commuting with time evolution operator implies commuting with Hamiltonian
Name for the transformation into an accelerated frame?
Signal-to-noise ratio of the difference between two signals
Massless boson in 2D and its (retarded) propagator
Relationship between slit size and wavelength in diffraction
We Don&#39;t NEED Quantum Gravity because Gravity isn&#39;t Even A Force!
Coulombian force when the 2 charges are in different mediums
Effect of temperature on optical rotation of sugar solution
Photoelectric effect and work function relation
Show that a photon cannot transmit its total energy to a free electron. Contradiction with Photoelectric effect?
Translation Operator
What materials are used in non thermal plasma?
Evolution operator for time-dependent Hamiltonian
Can we rigorously define force?
What is an intuitive explantion for the fact that the Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution of energies is independent of mass?
What is the correct form of heat diffusion equation taking into account temperature dependence of specific heat
Simultaneous Decision/Motion
What are the boundary conditions for EM waves normally incident on the interface between two dielectric media?
Finding the distance without using time as a variable
Force needed to push a syringe plunger: does one add force associated with downstream back-pressure to frictional plunger force?
Is it possible that every single isotope is radioactive, and isotopes which we call stable are actually unstable but have an extremely long half-life?
Explain an experiment: airstream between two hinged curved surfaces
Equivalency of conditions involving angular momentum of a rolling ball hitting a wall
Torque per unit length on infinite rotating charged cylinder
Difference between a &quot;source dipole&quot; and a &quot;force dipole&quot;
Calculate the mass of a Schwarzchild black hole with Komar integral
Speed of sound of a gas mixture
Question on open organ pipe
Minimal vs. Non-minimal coupling in General Relativity
How was it proven that a quantum entanglement measurement of particle A, affects properties of particle B
Oscillation of a vertical rod supported by horizontal spring
Two circles in uniaxial anisotropy and remanence plot?
Which phenomenon makes the electrons revolve around the nucleus instead of crashing into it?
What is the force on a moving charge in combined magnetic and electric fields, in general, when the magnetic field defines the z-axis?
How does Landauer&#39;s Principle apply in quantum (and generally reversible) computing
If I were to keep increasing the mass of particles I throw at a double slit, at what point would it stop creating an interference pattern?
How can I find the angular and linear velocity of a 2D body that breaks into two bodies?
Real and virtual photons in the standard model
Mass dimensions and weak interaction
Would a spinning, evenly charged sphere generate a magnetic field?
Gauge invariance of Rarita-Schwinger action in curved spacetime
Ignoring spin, what is its orbital magnetic moment of an electron in a hydrogen atom in the 2p orbital?
Do magnetic fields cause ionisation of gases?
What to do when finite counterterms are undetermined?
Why is quantum entanglement considered to be an active link between particles?
Why is orbital angular momentum quantized according to $I=\frac h{2 \pi} \sqrt{l(l+1)}$?
Close or open circuit?
Aren&#39;t $\phi^4$ composite operators?
Does mass curve space?
Circular motion and momentum
Negative wavelength in the double-split experiment
Would light from the Sun necessarily reach Earth after 8 minutes if the Sun was switched off?
Why is specific impulse measured in seconds?
What was Feynman&#39;s famous formula?
How to specify boundary conditions as function of curvature in dynamic elastic beam pde?
Hookes Law and Objective Stress Rates
Gauge symmetry is not a symmetry?
Find max height
How is Matter Modelled in Loop Quantum Gravity?
Is there an electric field due to current?
Calculating the mass of a wormhole
Meaning of &quot;vacuum state&quot;?
Specific heat ratio range
Kramers-Kronig relations for the electron Self-Energy Σ
Why are we allowed to spontaneously break the Higgs field symmetry?
Why is gravity viewed as a curvature of spacetime and not the electromagnetic force?
Polarization vector identity in Minkowski space?
Determinant for a coupled fluctuation Lagrangian
Jiles Atherton Model
Question about a car on a banked turn with no friction
Type of spring used in recoil system
What is a &#39;turning point&#39; in WKB and why does it fail at that point?
How do these factors affect the free fall of objects?
Notation - d.o.f.&#39;s for Grassmann delta functions in a SUSY field theory amplitude
How to understand singularities in physics?
Potential in uniform fields
Two dimensional elastic collisions with varying angle of incident
What is the phase of a gauge coupling?
How is extremely low frequency (ELF) radiation collected by a submarine antenna?
A rod on an inclined plane
I need some help trying to convert the specific fuel consumption from imperial to metric units
Do two photons traveling in opposite directions emit gravitational waves?
Charge conjugation of gauge field
Spinors and asymmetry of wave function
2 + 1 dimensional gravity as an exactly soluble system
Do quasiparticles have antiparticles?
second variation of the action for 1-d lagrangian
Does tin foil keep heat out?
What exactly is the mass of a body? What determines it?
Why does the gas get cold when I spray it?
Space-time translations and Propagator
Self-made air pump - What does it take to pump up a balloon?
Explain the notion of light/electromagnetic waves/photons to a non-physicist
Limitations of Redlich-Kwong equation of state
Fire: Why is Carbon combustible and Why is Oxygen needed?
Effect on Q factor and resonant frequency when scaling down a damped oscillator to micro / nano scales
Pressure change in throttling &amp; flow rate reduction in a water circulation
Linear Perturbation theory in General Relativity, what to do with products of derivatives?
A free axis of rotation
Conservation of energy when focusing black body radiation on another black body
Spin in magnetic field and eigenvalues
Radian Zeno-version paradox: Can a particle moving in the circular path reach the angular position of non-terminating decimal form radian value?
Low-energy &quot;effective measure&quot; from superstrings?
Help understanding the solution to a problem regarding kinetic energy of a group of point charges
SR: constant acceleration wordline simultaneity
Light wave crossing media and the relationship between speed, wavelength, and frequency
Principle behind Atom Interferometry?
Interaction rates from cross sections in a thermalized gas
What are non-local charges?
Is de Broglie matter wave a mass or a particle hypothesis?
How can I measure the speed of a figure skater&#39;s spin?
Acceleration of Simple pendulum
Will a liquid boil quicker if it is stirred versus if it is not stirred
Why am I getting that work it&#39;s always the same in both directions?
Why is capacitance taught instead of elastance?
Momentum change in collisions (Drude model)
Could you give boundary conditions to the gravitational potential given the density distribution?
Why is the electric field inside a solenoid tangential?
Does spatial coupling prohibit resonances due to an external source field?
Lower limits for steady-state black holes
How is CNOT operation realized physically?
How does Huygens Principle explain interference?
Electric field inside a conductor placed in uniform electric field
Do solar panels work forever?
Does a heavy body move with the slightest force on a frictionless surface?
Capacitor discharging
Mechanical Equivalent of Heat
Determining the neutral axis of an I-shaped cross section with dissimilar materials
Relativity of Work
Can Impossible Vacuum balloon be possible with this idea?
Is teleportation possible?
How does the Integraph work?
Is an oscillation the same as a period?
Anticommutator difference
Does a normal torch emit entangled photons?
Calculating power in fluid systems with $pQ.$
Need derivation of a formula related to determination of moments of a object about $x$-axis and $y$-axis
Shape of the state space under different tensor products
Noether Current when the Lagrangian depends on second derivative of the fields
How does surface tension enable insects to walk on water?
Is it possible to shoot bullets in space or would the recoil of the gun be too strong?
What is the physics in a balero toy?
Reaction coordinate as a function of atomic positions
Can TEM waves have constant offsets - that is, mean of non-zero in context of Poynting&#39;s theorem?
Schrodinger field and klein gordon field
Compact Disc Optics - Why use a linear polariser and a quarter wave plate?
What causes these rainbow effects using a polarizing filter on an airplane?
Photoelectric effect and variation of current?
Prove that $e^{\frac{i\lambda}{\hbar} S_x}S_ze^{-\frac{i\lambda}{\hbar}S_x}=S_z\cos(\lambda)+S_y\sin(\lambda)$
Is gravitation really a conservative force?
Meaning of the Coulomb and Higgs branch for non-Lagrangian theories?
Moment of inertia of rotating particles in center of mass frame?
What physical effects cause materialization of a system of particles for a short time?
commutation relations for operators in projected subspaces
Finding Magnetic Field in loop of wire in semicircle
Question about basic formalism of GR and the metric tensor
Direction of friction force between two boxes
Is there any possibility that space fabric was always there, only matter and time got created through the big bang?
What do we mean with magnetic monopole and dipole?
Tensor Operators
The Solar System explosion in the Nice model
A few questions on wave packets and uncertainty relations
How one can write $\bar{\psi}$ in odd dimension?
Equivalent Capacitance
Potential Difference between 2 points in a curcuit
Diffusion vs Gravity in water: does a dissolved ion tend to &quot;sink&quot;?
Group representations as vectors and isomorphism between weights and matrix generators
A lens with a variable refractive index
Determining the force of a spring
Energy-level choice for electron at photon emission
Why do Lorentz invariance and Ward identities imply the structure $\Pi(k^2)(k^2\eta^{\mu\nu}-k^{\mu}k^{\nu})$ for the photon self energy?
SR: vector field and change of reference
What exactly is fire?
Induced emf problem
What would it take to cause lightning to jump between the Moon and the Earth?
Pressure loss in a syringe
Induced potential difference paradox
How the Vortex containing majorana bound state is non-abelian statistics
When are infinities okay?
IF I touch anything at 0 volt with my hands and touch earth, will I get shock? Will charges from earth pass through me to 0 volt?
Are there any Meson colliders?
Moving objects using light
Microscopic fields inside a conductor
Osmotic Pressure vs Hydrostatics
Path integrals and Weyl ordering in Peskin and Schroeder
Degrees of freedom in a diatomic gas in 2-dimensions
Significance of Reversible and Irreversible Process
Torque on a disc?
Newton&#39;s Principia: Astronomical prerequisites?
Drift velocity in Silicon wafer
How does one determine whether an object will make an EM wave refract in a qualitative way? 
Do interaction free experiments violate Quantum Physics?
Special relativity mirror clock experiment inconsistency
Proof of Liouville&#39;s theorem: Relation between phase space volume and probability distribution function
Topology of Fermi surface
Does space between objects contract?
Gravitational waves as information carriers
Why are magnetic field lines perpendicular to the surface of a ferromagnetic material?
How are shock waves related to sound, and are there equations describing its density, size, and pressure?
Difference between Vernier constant and least count
Why are log scales so common?
Measurement of blueshift from Andromeda galaxy
Is ice denser at 0K than say 253K?
Is there any way to differentiate between a redshift caused by recessional motion vs. gravity?
Space: a vacuous void or an entity?
Center of mass error - calculating systematic error in change in PE
Are the particle-wave duality and the quantum uncertainty principle united?
Describing a single photon with creation and annihilation operators
Non-complex proof that the electric and magnetic fields are perpendicular in a plane wave
Resolution of force vectors
What distance does one travels in his lifetime?
Stern Gerlach with spin in opposite directions
Does the rate of heat dissipation slow as the temperature differential between the heated object and the surrounding environment decreases?
How does the Super-Kamiokande experiment falsify SU(5)?
Why is it possible to define a potential difference in a wire that carries a steady current?
Why does the &quot;counting rule&quot; of band theory fail to predict the conduction properties of some materials?
Maximum Penetration Depth for Ultrasound
Proton creation
How to find a metric of a general observer?
Can anything other than recessional motion cause a redshift?
Induced EMF question. Not sure what I&#39;m doing wrong.
Teach me Wick&#39;s theorem the honest way
Quantum harmonic ocillator and the mean energy U(T)
How can I learn about elastic bodies?
Measured voltage on coil
Why does the molar conductivity decrease with increasing charge density?
Winding number for SSH model
Prove that $(e^{i\lambda A})^\dagger=e^{-i\lambda A^\dagger}$
How does the Lorentz force work?
Can All 4-D column matrices be given as tensor product of 2-D column matrices?
Would you be able to see yourself in a mirror in front of you as you two are in a room traveling at the speed of light?
Group theoretic way to find charges after SSB
Why are some surfaces slippery?
Is there experimental evidence supporting the equivalence principle between different particles?
$N&gt;2$ gravitating masses can never reach equilibrium
Does a static electric field act continuously?
Water clock in ancient time
Space and time variant? But together invariant?
Does the sun have a black hole inside of it?
Why is it hard to detect a black hole
Is there a map which shows all the black holes in our galaxy?
Why do I different values compared to my theoretical time?
What is the correct quantization of Hamiltonians of the form $H=x&#183;p$ whose naive quantization is not Hermitian?
Is the speed of light affected by all mediums it travels in?
Who foots the (magnetic) energy bill?
Would time dilation cause a planet to rotate?
Stair well descent
Discovery of spin-3 particle at LHCb
Does a photon travel in all directions?
Metric and the Lagrangian
How does flux tubes between quarks bind them together?
 Why will clay, when heated to high temperatures,  harden and become waterproof?
How can we justify dropping the absolute time hypothesis?
Dirac quantization condition for magnetic monopoles how is obtained?
Does big bang have really any justification while we are living within a huge chaos?
Self Stirring Boiling Liquid
Before Einstein came up with General Relativity, were there serious reasons to doubt Newton&#39;s theory?
What is the next step in math education after taking the last undergrad math course?
Formation of the event horizon seems impossible with singularity inside seems impossible
What properties does the vacuum have?
Is dark matter moving faster than light?
Modelling the diffusion of gas in a container with non uniform temperature
$U(1)$ connection and spacetime basis $e^{\mu}$
Simplest way to analytically determine whether a claimed heat transfer process obeys the second law of thermodynamics?
Uniform Electric Field
What is the exact physics behind sonic levitation
Simple estimation of the critical temperature of water
A question on intermediate step in deriving gravitational anomaly by Fujikawa&#39;s method
Product of deltas in kinetic second quantization hamiltonian
Gauge transformation of Lagrangian
A question about causality and Quantum Field Theory from improper Lorentz transformation
What is wrong with the Bohr model?
$\mathrm{SU}(2)$ axis and angle representation
Does a force being applied in an ideal case to an object of infinite mass where there is no friction always result in an acceleration?
Why do the high curvature bends in CFLs have their phosphor coating erode?
Topological theta term as a topological quantum field theory?
How to calculate the photoelectric effect with photon efficiency?
Why do we use microwaves in microwave oven?
Particles interacting with distance invariant force
3D device simulation of diode (static)
Strain effects on conduction band edge in k.p theory
Why does Air Pressure not Matter in Phase Equilibrium?
Roughness of the Surface and the time that a toy hovercraft hovers?
Is coherent light required for interference in Young&#39;s double slit experiment?
Why the center of our galaxy doesn&#39;t absorb us?
why a charge never converted to energy as it work on other charges by displacing them various times?
How much does barometric pressure change over minutes?
Compute distance between planes in a crystal
Is there a mistake in a QFT textbook?
Why CAN we see the new moon at night?
Trying to modify the Tsiolkovsky rocket equation for the real world
Electrostatics and tv screens
Relational Interpretation of Quantum Mechanics and Universal Wave Function
Fock representation of a electromagnetic wave
Rocket Altitude Calculation
Does (it make sense to say that ) the universe has a center?
Why does a field-effect transistor with wrap-around gate work at all?
Definition of &quot;nonlinear&quot; in the context of perturbation of gravity
Magnetic Susceptibility
What is the temperature dependence of the critical current in weak links?
How to calculate the expectation value of position/momentum using path integrals?
How to get rotational speed after disk-disk collision with friction?
The equivalence between Heisenberg and Schroedinger pictures
Magnetic force between two point charges
Electric potential energy and signs
Big knot in my head, please help. (Nuclear fission and binding energy)
Why subwavelength objects can not be seen with optical microscope?
Unitarity and measurement
Does the microgravity environment in highly elliptical orbits differ from circular orbits?
How is potential energy actually stored in a steel spring at the atomic level?
Why does the coefficient of performance need to be calculated with $W + Q$?
Twin paradox...what happens to the ship?
Electricity in a Lightbulb
Is there a maximum frames per second (FPS)?
Bragg diffraction and lattice planes
Does radar distance depend on the future of the observer in special relativity?
How does Zeno of Elea&#39;s argument on &quot;motion&quot; make sense?
What is the Correlation Between Solar Wind Velocity/Density and Sunspot Count?
Relationship between temperature and wavelength?
Speed of light and virtual particles
Difference between quantum numbers j and m and the four others
Why potential energy of external force on particle attached to spring is equal to full force multiplied by full displacement?
Charge density of an atomic orbital
Liquids that change refractive index with magnetic fields
Good introductory papers and books on laser physics and pulsed lasers
Static electricty and fields inside of the conductor?
LArTPC muon sign determination
Why should Conservative forces have their curl equal to zero?(intuition)
Every Galilean transformation can be written as the composition of rotation, translation, and uniform motion
Infinite Resistive lattice problem
Deriving the Lorentz factor
How does electrostatic force affect electronic devices?
Are black holes an infinite source of energy?
What is the direction of the magnetic vector potential in an electromagnetic plane wave?
Why is there a voltage drop across a superconducting inductor?
Why doesn&#39;t light affect a compass?
Momentum of stationary electron in a curl free vector potential
Magnetic flux of a loop due to another loop
Condition on $U_{eff}$ for a mass to get trapped in orbit around a heavier mass
Covariance of the Dirac Equation
Faraday induction for seawater flow system
In a Stern-Gerlach measurement, does passing particles through the B field influence their spin state?
Formulating a symplectic integrator for a non-local Hamiltonian
How can we prove this system is in a stationary state?
Special relativity - twin paradox explored
Legendre transform for non-local Lagrangians, or Hamiltonian of non-local Lagrangian and their properties
Geodesic equation from Euler - Lagrange
Ricci tensor of Metric black holes with nils and solv geometries of Horizon
An inconsistency in Hamiltonian formulation for non-local Lagrangian: what am I doing wrong?
Perpendicular Current Carrying Wires Forces?
Determine the coefficient of static friction of a box
About recent experimental evidence of Majorana edge states in topological superconductors
What is the relationship and difference between BHP and Torque?
Visualise the sound intensity
Charge operator for Dirac spinor
Why is tree-level interaction between neutral scalar and photons non-renormalizable?
If a vehicle (bus, train) rapidly stops (or accelerates, or turns), why don&#39;t our hair or clothes move from the inertial force?
What are the mathematical models for force, acceleration and velocity?
How can one reasonably theoretically model polycrystalline materials?
Is there a friction or retarding force in creating spacetime?
Electric Field At Centre Of Non Uniform Ring
Is density functional theory a mean-field theory?
Question about Hartle and Hawking&#39;s universal wavefunction?
When the Cosmic Microwave Background radiation cools, where does the energy go?
In circular motion, with a constant distance, why does the mass of the orbitting object have no effect on its revolution at all?
Why do my ice cubes stick together?
Metal Refractive index
Does the universe follow a general physical and computational principle of evolution?
Circular motion - is average velocity enough to tell?
Propagation speed of photons when taking higher-order QFT corrections into account
Why don&#39;t quantum effects invalidate the speed of light barrier?
Is the universe a quantum computer - is light speed barrier a computational constraint
Why can we ignore self energy?
Laser diode spectrum vs LED spectrum, why so much difference in broadness?
Why can&#39;t light escape a blackhole?
Magnetic field of cylinder equal to two current loops?
Detailed balance condition for coupled Langevin equation
How to calculate the expectation value of position vector?
Dielectric slab counter-intuitive formula?
Mass-to-light ratio and rotation curve from brightness profile
What does inflationary theory explain which quantum entanglement cannot?
If the Earth is a good conductor of electricity, why don&#39;t people get electrocuted every time they touch the Earth?
Do Sidebands mean the frequency of an AM radio wave is not constant?
One dimensional scattering cross section
How to obtain band dispersion from a band structure diagram?
Analytic continuation of imaginary time Greens function in the time domain
Is it really possible to &quot;discover&quot; the speed of light with a microwave oven?
Electromagnetic boundary conditions for modelling symmetrical geometry
Reference frequency
Force and initial height of thrown object
Is an atom charged after undergoing beta emission?
Does the W boson in beta decay affect the gravity generated by the system?
Curvature of Weyl-rescaled metric from curvature of original metric
What&#39;s up with my whipped cream?
Cancelling internal forces/moments term when deriving inertial matrix
Travelling through a worm hole
Why does this proof show the gluon propagator comes from the first two terms?
Does a momentum-independent interaction not renormalize mass?
Why does a thermoelectric generator need both p and n elements?
What is the Kerr factor for Sagittarius A*?
Problem in understanding the assumption made to find the vector-field in an arbitrary-shaped metal
Frequency of rotating coil
Why do we have to choose a gauge to quantize a gauge theory?
Quantum anharmonic ocscillator $E_0(\lambda)$ curve or table
The g-force of common objects hitting the floor
Isn&#39;t the Coulomb interaction a photon interaction between two charges?
Equivalence of delta functions when calculating decay rate
What is the difference in the behaviour of the commutator in a motor between DC and AC?
plane wave state used for scattering calculation
Violently shaking object
what is difference between homogeneous vs isotropic material?
Relationship between plasmon resonance frequency and radius for small nanoparticles
Form of the S matrix for interacting scalar field
Waves on a guitar string
Black Hole singularity in Loop Quantum Gravity
How much of the universes mass is bound up in photons traveling between stars?
EMF in circuits help?
Unit consistency
What&#39;s the maximum pressure from an airborne ultrasound transducer?
Force and lions
Understanding wave packets, in particular matter waves, dispersion and point particles
Is this the correct way to I combine multiple interdependant pressure readings?
What happens to a body, initially at 300K, kept in isolated space? Will it&#39;s temperature drop to 0k?
Why is the pressure inside a soap bubble higher than outside?
Beat frequency for 3 waves
Fiber optics with broadband, incoherent light
Cumulative Aberrations of Two or More Lenses
Angular velocity formula for a particle?
Quantum Gravity Singularity Question?
Why does the $\Lambda\mathrm{CDM}$ model end up a cold de Sitter space?
How to accurately mark with arrows an electric circuit
Why collide a moving particle with a particle at rest, rather than two moving particles?
Vacuum has zero spin in Dirac theory
How does light oscillate?
What criterion did Abbe use?
What algebraic structure does the collection of all physical quantities form?
Quantum simple harmonic oscillator interpretation
What happens if a wind mill rotates in opposite direction?
Does a negative and a positive charged body repel vs. attract a suspended negative charged ball with the same strength?
Difference between a light wave in space and a wave in a pond
Chi Square Minimization
$\nabla^{\mu}\nabla_{\mu}$ in general relativity
Is the electron&#39;s magnetic dipole moment influenced by the measurement method?
Uniqueness or multiplicity of ADM masses for spacetime manifolds with more than one &quot;end&quot;?
Size of hydrogenic atoms
What are the reactions that take place inside battery at the quantum level?
What will be the final temperature of water when heating at a a rate 10J/s?
Is it possible to make an electromagnetic shield?
Is this the reason why acceleration is said absolute?
Luminance from multiple light sources
Do physicists theorize an origin to the big bang?
Is there a black hole in the centre of the Milky Way?
Is a big bang capable of producing infinite outcomes?
Once I calculate the Riemann curvature tensor, what do I do with it?
How to connect these two formulations regarding the need for a density matrix in quantum mechanics?
How do I derive the Lorentz contraction from the invariant interval?
Intrinsic structure of electron
Galilean Relativity is already included in Newton&#39;s Laws?
First principle band structure calculation
Thermodynamics thought experiment
Can the Unruh effect be confirmed by the LHC?
Converting $F^2$ to $C^2$
nuclear physics- Energetics and Mechanics of Nuclear Reaction Homework
In circular motion, what&#39;s preventing me from calculating the circumference of the circle, dividing it by time to find the speed of the object?
What exactly is heat?
spinning a water bottle quickly
Using Maxwell&#39;s demon alongside quantum mechanics to contradict 2nd law of thermodynamics
I want to know why light even moves at all.
Are nuclear processes the only processes that release more energy than is input?
Tidal tails of galaxies after collision
Translation of the Mechanique analytique
Electric field in a hollow object
Ideal chain / entropic spring - what is the *microscopic* force?
Physics involved in the DNA-structure discovery
Is gravitational time dilation the same for an object at $x$ radii from a black hole no matter what size the black hole is?
Why are the proper time and the proper length not defined in the same frame of reference?
Potential Difference of a wire?
COP of Stirling engine
Is it possible to directly pump a laser using sunlight?
Is $E=mc^2$ false?
Could this model have soliton solutions?
Topological invariant for interacting systems using single particle green functions?
What are these wavish patterns around atoms on microscopic images?
How to solve infinite square well with exponential solution (of oscillatory type)?
Why is voltage added when batteries are connected in series but not in parallel?
Value of Planck scale
Does anyone take the Wightman axioms seriously?
Figuring out the time period of an Atwood system
Final charges on Capacitors connected in a curcuit
Why does band gap form for Silicon?
Power spectrum calculation for simple inflaton potential
Poles for a particle scattered in a delta potential
What happens if the big bang occurs once again?
Locally flat coordinate and Locally inertial frame
Rindler and Minkowski space future/past infinity
Derivation of Faraday&#39;s law using Lorentz force?
Water as heat source in a heat pump
Vertex of gauge boson interaction in an arbitrary gauge
In $1$-dimensional space, how would the gravity generated by an electron affect a photon moving away from the electron if the photon can’t slow down?
Is purple in visible light?
Does a negative line tension in a 3-fluid immiscible interface make sense?
Accuracy of quantum mechanical algorithms
Can an Atom be negatively as well as positively charged simultaneously?
The demise of the Tacoma Narrows bridge was casused by aeroelastic flutter. But isn&#39;t that just a special case of resonance?
What is actually a conservation law?
Combination of current sources
A reference frame is any coordinate system or just a set of Cartesian axes?
Chern Simons theory
Is the interference quantum mechanical superposition the same as entanglement?
Heat flow in a hollow cylinder
Moment Of Inertia About Centre of Mass
What is $E$ in the Planck-Einstein relation?
Is water considered a substance with low friction or high friction?
problem on electromagnetic induction and newtonian physics
Could I break the sound barrier using circular motion? (And potentially create a sonic boom?)
Ernst potential from Kaluza-Klein reduction of axisymmetric space-time
Energy for burning things!
Altarelli-Parisi Splitting Function $P_{qq}(z)$ vanishing integral if and only if quark flavour sum rules and equivalence
Error calculation in parallel resistances
Orthogonality preservation vs. preparing a state
Experimental determination of $\Lambda_{QCD}$
Comparison between isobaric, isothermal and adiabatic expansion
How come a current sheet of $J_s = J_0 \hat{x}$ produces plane wave solution?
Recursion relations and stability analysis
Can sound frequency create more ideal conditions for fire?
Currents induced by rotation of a coil about magnetic field lines
Tension on a string
Optics - Photodiodes - minimum photon energy that a photodiode will be sensitive to
What is the Hermitian adjoint of operator $\hat{K}\psi = \psi^*$?
Wave on a guitar string, differential equation
Quantum to classical mapping: quantum criticality and path integral Monte Carlo
How to derive this equation?
Connection between the cosmological constant $\Lambda$ and the cutoff scale $\Lambda$
Adjoint of momentum operator
Difference between Speed and Velocity
Why does a magnetic field raise the ground state energy of an electrical particle?
Valence bond wavefunction of nitrogen
The potential profile of two batteries in series
The semi-empirical formula and $E=mc^2$
What does 400kW(e) mean?
Origin of the quark condensate VEV
Energy transfer using quantum entanglement
How many are the points which are $n$th nearest to a certain point in a hexagonal lattice
$n^\text{th}$ operation of creation and annihilation operators on vacuum
Flux from cube: Relation between the vector field to that of the opposite side
Find out gradient of electric potential at ${\bf r}$ created by eletric dipole of moment ${\bf p}$
Has this retrocausality experiment been done?
Stress testing Quantum Uncertainty, a multi Phase Question
Right hand rule confusion
How to pull out the momentum operator?
How to relate speed of sound with relative humidity?
Why doesn&#39;t an airplane simply go up in the air and stay there?
How to derive (the dimensionless coefficient in front of) the moment of inertia for common shapes?
How to calculate flux density in a toroidal CT that has an electrical line pass through the center?
Does the Fermi level change under change of temperature, voltage or other conditions?
In an electron-positron annihilation, in what direction are the photons released?
Reaction Energy
Mass of NGC 1097 Galaxy
Moving electric charges
Diffraction in Circle of light?
Elastic collision of point particle and rod
How high could i jump if I weighed only half as much?
Do free electrons really not interact with photons?
Why does this resource say that the Schrodinger Equation can be derived?
Diffraction and $k$-space
Ball Rolling Down An Inclined Plane - Where does the torque come from?
Pulling on a weakened rope - where will it tear?
How does temperature affect a semiconductor band gap?
Understanding basic quantum mechanics notation
Do photons lose energy due to gravitational redshift? If so, where does the lost energy go?
Why do lines in atomic spectra have thickness? (Bohr&#39;s Model)
Two-state Hamiltonian matrix in basis
Antimatter universe and Noether&#39;s theorem
Considerations and questions for a DIY heat pipe; how to choose a working fluid?
Symmetries of the action of the free classical Klein-Gordon field
Workdone in an equipotential surface is zero?
Can Black Holes Maintain Data Entropy When Formed By a Data Storage System?
Reference frames are frame fields on spacetime?
Since Earth spins, would an aircraft travelling opposite to direction of Earth spin take less time?
Why does Stephen Hawking say black holes don&#39;t exist?
Is there an implicit assumption that each quantum well contains a single electron only?
Uniformity in a solenoid
Are The Quantum Assumptions of MBT Theory Correct?
How to calculate the resultant movement of a superposition of harmonic oscillators?
What is the &quot;life time&quot; of a trapped electron?
Description of charged sphere with Heaviside function in cylindrical coordinates
Moment of inertia of cylinder
Orifice Jet Flow experiment
Why is the lyman alpha line asymmetric at high redshift?
Why do two connected 1.5-volt batteries become a 3- volt battery?
Starter&#39;s book on Quantum Mechanics (more general and simple books than full QM textbooks)
Laser tattoo removal
Force between two finite parallel current carrying wires
Back EMF &amp; Current, how can we make the current $I$ stable?
Metric in Lagrangian and the minimum total potential energy principle
What does the &quot;T&quot; stand for in T-duality?
Help with a couple of materials science questions
Does an aircraft hover at a constant acceleration or varied acceleration?
Gravity - What happens when two objects of unequal masses fall freely towards the ground? (Revisited)
Is the change in kinetic energy of a particle frame independent?
Model of scattering in wet things
Can someone explain diamagnetism in plasma?
Using the optical theorem to calculate the imaginary part of a loop diagram
Distinguishable, Indistinguishable Paramagnetic Ideal Gas
The Electric Quadrupole
Calculating imaginary part of a loop diagram using cutting rules for phi^4 theory
Experimental evidence for Z boson coupling to right handed fermions
Calculating the torque at a point when a motor is stopped?
Expression for Atmospheric Pressure with Altitude, including Tidal Forces
squared position dependent electric field
Do any, all, or no adjustments to standard model change the Weinberg angle or it’s relation to masses or coupling constants?
Torque wrench units
Why does a laser beam diverge?
How does Ohm&#39;s law relate to transferring energy?
Entanglement entropy in (1+1)d field theory with dynamical critical exponent $z&gt;1$
How is Magnetic force on a current carrying conductor $Blb$
Using nuclear bombs to detect near earth orbit objects
Home experiments to measure the RPM of a pedestal fan without special equipment?
Position space wave function of an electron
Opacity/Transparency of Conductive Meshes to Charged Particles (Electrons/Ions)
Big Bang...or...Everywhere Stretch?
Newtons 3rd law, on two opposing discs?
How does the photon differentiate between events?
Why is a substrate needed in growing GaN?
Is acceleration due to gravity constant?
why is the magnetic field circular
Interpretation of Mass Continuity Equation in MHD
What is the fastest way to heat my car?
Does radiating heat to outer space through the atmospheric transparency window have any impact on heat loss?
How do probabilities emerge in the many-worlds interpretation?
Why does this capillary action generator not work?
Normal force, work and conservativity
How does humidity affect the path of a bullet?
Bending of space vs. bending of a body - which is larger, and by what factor?
Relativity asymmetry?
Conceptualising the switch from discrete molecules to the continuum (fluid dynamics)
How can a magnet have a greater magnetic field strength than a bigger, heavier and more powerful magnet made of the exact same material?
What is the limit for the size of a galaxy?
is there any molecular transition which emits a photon in certain direction
What is the mechanism behind the wave - particle duality
Thermodynamics phase change question
Expanding universe and speed of light
Electric Dipole force exerted by a charged wire on a dipole
Using a circuit to make a magnetic balance to weigh objects
What&#39;s the degree of freedom of this kind of matrix?
Thermodynamics and Axioms and the like
How can 99% empty matter have solidity?
Finding the acceleration of a mass/pulley system without knowing the direction of the displacement
Gears in contact?
Decay Feynman diagram
Magnetic scalar potential far above a magnetic film
Why is $\int_{s} \mathbf{h}\cdot \mathbf{n} da = - \dfrac{dQ}{dt}$ &amp; not $\int_{s} \mathbf{h} \cdot\mathbf{n} da = - \dfrac{dQ}{dt} .{dt}$?
Could a long carbon nanotube be broken by hand?
Physical interpretation of applying a unitary operator to a state
Books on cosmology
How quickly should a fluid come to hydrostatic equilibrium?
How is a particle observed in the double slit experiment?
Is the Wikipedia version of the Heisenberg equation of motion correct?
Conservation of Sea water Vs Conservation of Matter
Why is the inner product between divergence-free current$\vec{J}$, (satisfied $\nabla\cdot\vec{J}=0$) and a gradient field$\nabla \varphi$ zero?
Why are planets in unstable equilibrium in a stable orbit
Can we explain Newton&#39;s first law mathematically?
How to reconstruct the dependence of the potential from a coordinate?
How to apply the Relation between net acceleration and time in this case?
A level 9702/11/o/n/14 question 26 (about interference of sound wave)
Why does $F=ma$? Is there a straightforward reason?
Does energy conservation not hold in fission and fusion processes?
Why do we form cosmological theories based on old data?
Mass flux across a volume
Why do things slow down when you move faster, rather than speed up?
magnetic field due to current in a wire using Biot-Savart&#39;s law
Why is black the best emitter?
Why is the prospective new kilogram standard a sphere?
Air leaking out of a tire
Does doping silicon affect its coefficient of thermal expansion (CTE)?
Finding final velocity in inelastic collision
Thought experiment: Tethered galaxies - to the extreme
Time evolution of generalized angular momentum operator
What is the source of energy in this system? (resonance realated)
What should we do If we wanted to increase the angular velocity of a planet?
X-ray background radiation
What is the Philosophy Behind Relational Quantum Mechanics?
Singlet state and it&#39;s expectation value
Deriving an Euler Equation
Wannier functions on a ring
Variable Gear System
Conservation of Angular Momentum, as related to a flywheel
Mass-Spring system on an accelerating jet
What are the unitary operators for various transformation?
Calculating $\mathrm{Tr}[\log \Delta_F]$
Where do sound waves go after being heard?
How does the divergence theorem justify the integral form of the continuity equation?
How can I physically interpret voltage and current?
Does photon polarization take place without scattering processes?
How do I figure out the momentum of a water balloon when it reaches the person I am throwing it at?
How much magnetic field will be required to levitate a human?
What does the continuum hypothesis of fluid mechanics mean?
How come that an Infinite universe will collapse under gravity?
Pressure as the magnitude of the reaction force
Do the laws of physics evolve?
Applicability of perturbation theory
Focusing and collimating laser light on a table top scale
If gravitational waves exist are they technically just another form of light/electromagnetic wave?
Could laser speckle patterns be used in diagnosing vision defects?
Free parameters in the Standard Model
Force due to combination of free space and dielectric
How is the field of a non-moving charge static if field changes propagate only at the speed of light?
The Coefficient of Restitution of a bouncing ball
In general, can a Lagrangian density depend on space-time explicitly?
What is the function type of the generalized momentum?
What is the particle distribution in Saturn&#39;s Ring System?
Is it possible to eliminate Van der Waals interactions?
Does a nonzero Poynting vector mean that there is propagation of energy?
The concept of displacement in definition of work
How do I calculate a Feynman diagram with one loop?
Is a vector and a unit vector dimensionless
Continuity equation in fluid mechanics
What does it mean &quot;Hawking radiation is in a pure state&quot;?
Can an electron borrow momentum from its field?
Structure factor of crystals (X-ray crystallography)
Could gravitational waves and electromagnetic waves/light be the same thing?
When (or what is the meaning of) $I \propto E^2$?
Potential Energy in modified Atwood Machine
spooky nonlocal communication, or bad abstract?
What causes the specific pattern of sparkly light from a laser pointer
Is the lay explanation of the equivalence principle wrong?
$D$-brane and 5th dimensions
Acceleration due to Gravity: Free Fall
How can I decrease the volume of a sound wave?
Integration measure
Is the Mass flow rate (Mass flux) a scalar quantity?
Does Bell&#39;s theorem sort out local field theories?
What is the difference between stress and pressure?
Does the velocity vector always point in the same direction as the momentum vector?
Rate of Dripping of tube
Which of the following has higher resistance - milliammeter or ammeter?
How can matter reach the singularity of a black hole if time stops at the event horizon?
conducting hollow sphere in magnetic monopole
Does the electric force on a charged particle in a uniform electric field increase?
Symmetries of a Uniform Magnetic Field
Viscosity calculation of a rarefied gas
Reciprocal Lattice of a non-bravais lattice
Why is the bottom part of a candle flame blue?
How to compute speed without knowing mass or charge values?
Super-luminal separation
Ball rolling on half-pipe
Field in a toroid
Could the same symmetry be finetuning both the Higgs mass and the inflaton&#39;s interactions?
What is the definition of parity conservation?
Does tea stay hotter with the milk in it?
Cooper instability assuming triplet pairing
How does the Luminosity Function relate to the tristimulus sensitivity function?
Wave equations for reflected waves in standing wave calculations, when the end is fixed and when it is free?
Given that matter cannot escape a black hole, how did the big bang produce the universe we see today?
How does many-worlds interpretation make measurement unitary?
Can you put a magnetic ball into a hollow magnetic sphere?
Sufficient conditions for the energy to be not conserved?
How do bathroom scales measure body fat percent?
Detecting absolute motion inside a box
Magnetic field by a solenoid?
Is a nuclear bomb in some sense a bullet travelling at the speed of light, but along time rather than along space?
How is it possible the universe expanded faster than the speed of light during inflation?
Firewall solution for black hole paradox and creation of black event horizon
Difference between directional and omnidirectional transmission or reception?
Altitude altimeter application
Can we say an atom is ferromagnetic?
Quantum circuit equivalent of quantum pseudo-telepathy game
Why isn&#39;t jumping against a wall an elastic collision?
Entropy $S$ for canonical (NVT) and isobaric (NPT) ensemble
Centripetal force on a charged particle in a uniform electric field?
Understanding the Quantum Vacuum State
Does car tire pressure change with weight of car load?
Is there a normal downward force here?
If two observers pass each other in opposite directions at $.5c$ what would effect on each others clocks be?
Minimum Uncertainty Wavepackets
The square in the Newton&#39;s law of universal gravitation is really a square?
Vector decomposition validity
Centre of Mass and tangential velocity star and planet
Anomaly for Majorana fermion?
How can be effect of electric and magnetic fields on the motion of a particle be distinguished?
beta minus decay: expression for maximum electron energy
Thermodynamic Internal Energy Reference States
Can Tension between two blocks on a horizontal plane be discovered in these conditions?
Fluctuations of an interface with hammock potential
Cosmological constant theories
Table of matrix elements of powers of r for radial functions in H atom
A question on the functional dependence of the Lagrangian density
Is it possible to block light pollution?
How can I add a sound wave on top of an existing one, without harming the original&#39;s loudness?
How can I add two sound waves without reaching distortion - always keep them under a certain value?
Where can I learn about Motors and Generators?
Using the Fourier transform to find the natural frequencies of coupled oscillators
Why do i get a shock if i touch a live wire and my feets are on ground?
movement of particles in electric field
Engravings in &quot;Wandering the Immeasurable&quot; sculpture outside the CERN globe?
Calculate orbit height from tangential velocity
Why does measuring the spin of an entangled particle cause it to become unentangle?
The effect of multiple Alcubierre rings
Basic question about Magnetism and Right hand rule?
How small does sand have to be to get wet?
How to use the first law of thermodynamics for simple mechanical systems?
Searl effect generator simulation
Repelling a weak permanent magnet with an electromagnet
Magnetic susceptibility in ising model as magnetization change
How to build a MOKE (magneto-optic Kerr effect) magnetometer at home?
Significance of colours in photoelasticity
Magnification in compound microscope
Electric field in space created by intersection of spheres of charge
Why do we use Fourier transforms in QFT?
Measuring electrical conductance (resistance) of ice and water
Correct tetrad index notation
Rayleigh-Taylor Instability dependence on acceleration direction
Is it theoretically possible to reach 0 kelvin?
Neutrino cc interaction potential calculation field theoretically
On the definition of the compressibility`
Calculating jerk vs Fitts law for smoothness
Eigenvalues of the radial Schr&#246;dinger equation on a finite integration interval
Tangent and Normal accelerations position estimation
Biot-Savart Law Clarification
Momentum (apparently) not conserved in one of my class&#39; experiments
Pressure and density using a general Lagrangian
Do off axis sources produces the same diffraction pattern as on axis sources?
Identify for $f(\infty)+f(-\infty)$ in quantum field theory
Electrical eddy current visualization or simulation
Wait... why exactly does farady&#39;s ice pail experiment prove Gauss&#39;s law?
Is it correct to use $P=\large\frac{V^2}{R}$ for AC circuits?
Probability of spontaneous Boltzmann brain formation
How does the specific resistance / conductivity changes, when melting metals?
White Holes and Eternal Black Holes
How can a cable pass signal
Acceleration of Rain drop
reactions in molecular dynamics simulations
Galerkin-type weak formulation for electrokinetics
What is the physical basis behind burnt calories estimates?
In the stern-Gerlach experiement how do we know that the magnets don&#39;t change orientation of the electrons to up or down?
Why does weak equivalence principle say gravity is equivalent to acceleration?
Time reversal operator in tight-binding model with second quantization form
Dependence of streamlined flow on viscosity
How to prove the Bose enhancement factor $(1+f)$ and the Pauli blocking factor $(1-f)$ in Boltzmann equation?
Can single maximal fraction be increased by one-party local operation?
Why does the Karnaugh map use gray code and not binary?
Neumann Green&#39;s function inside semi-infinite conductor
Gradient and curl of a field in polar coordinates
Is the center of the universe in another dimension?
Feynman Diagram in QED non relativistic limit
Does a magnetic field sustain a current in a loop?
Why temperature of liquid drops after spraying thru a nozzle?
Could gravity be repulsive at short distances?
Why does a bottle shrink when you pour hot water in it?
Geometry of Hamilton-Jacobi Equation
What is the area in Faraday&#39;s law if we have only a piece of metal moving in a magnetic field?
Determining the velocity function for a particle on a rough inclined plane
Does a time-varying intensity contribute to the photoelectric effect?
Avoid dependent equations when applying Kirchoff&#39;s Laws
Reunion condition in the Twin Paradox
What to measure for cylinder stiffness/compressibility?
Does a conductor need to touch the battery terminal for electric field to be set up inside it?
What is the difference between these two equation dealing with time dilation?
Why is the potential energy for a body raised up by a height negative?
Need help with physics derivation regarding RF accelerating cavities
Two bodies of equal mass thrown from a height-Practical physics question
Lattice geometry and dispersion relation
Noether Theorem and Energy conservation in classical mechanics
Physics without time
Background gamma radiation
Tired light red shift hypothesis
Redshift of supernova light curve
What kind of free energy do we use for a superconductor in a magnetic field?
Error in radius squared
A draft makes people feel cold. How can that be measured?
Correct way to do a Thomas-Fermi approximation for cold gases
How to solve Kinematics: two objects meeting in the air
How does independence of two systems follow from the fact that they are both completely described?
Trying to understand electron diffraction
what is the kinematics of a particle with complex mass?
In which direction along a GaN (wurtzite) crystal are only Ga atoms being observed?
Binomial expansion of non-commutative operators
Why does current density have a direction and not current?
How is a ballistic pendulum affected by two objects with different mass?
Image formed by Refracting light
Model for temperature and pressure inside a heated vessel with liquid being pumped into it
How do particles in a wave make the next particles move?
can a really loud sound travel in space?
How 2nd-order nonlinear optic response is used in the telecom market?
Can Theta be greater than 360 degrees in this equation?
Gravitational force of a ring
Photon propagator inverse
Translational versus dilatational zero modes?
Temperature Frequency relationship for gas?
General question about the potential barrier problem: Why does $\exp( kx)$ diverge when $x&gt;0$ in the case when $E &lt; V(x)$?
Calculus of variations and string theory
Solitons and its infinite extension
Hamiltonian reduction having constant of the motion
How is ink&#39;s color produced?
Potential energy from opposing magnets repelling each other with a gap of 1 mm
Why does magnetic flux linkage become negative when a coil is turned through 180degrees?
Force vs. impulse: what is the math description of their interaction?
Time for water wave to reflect
Has anyone yet been able to prove relativity wrong?
What is a spinor?
A circuit with a solenoid and no resistors
CMB anisotropy, temperature and doppler effect
Electromagnetic reaction force?
1D Ising model and degenerate states
What happens to the emf generated due to a change in magnetic flux in a coil?
Help with high school physics
Timescales for isothermal processes
Block Sliding Down a Plane (Perpendicular Velocity)
Photons under pressure
Which technique is used to measure huge astronomical distances which are in terms of billions of light years?
Air nozzle outlet profile efficiency, concave/convex
Where does mass go when energy is converted in to photons?
Why must the deviations from equilibrium be small for zero difference in energy in this solenoid?
Calculating the moment of inertia in bifilar pendulums
How to count the number of modes/polarizations of a Gaussian field theory?
Is getting the ground state of Edwards-Anderson model NP hard?
Correct terminology for combined kinematic and dynamic state
Berry&#39;s phase: in which space does the degeneracy appear?
Magnetism: why is a steel ball-bearing repelled from a magnet towards a piece of unmagnetised steel?
Two balls travelling at different speeds collide in two referentials
charged dieletric/conductor in capacitor
Where can I find a table for NIST standards on temperature and pressure?
How does anything move?
Blowing your own sail?
Small oscillations of heavy string
What is a re-entrant energy contour in a band structure?
Alpha particle in vacuum
Propagation of uncertainty - which formula?
When a pn junction is formed, why is a positive region of charge formed on the n side of the junction?
Why doesn&#39;t the light get out?
Why is the total energy of an orbiting system negative?
Resolution in a Fourier transform spectroscopy setup
Distinguishing between solid spheres and hollow spheres (equal mass)
1 + 2 + 3 ... = -1/12 appears in bosonic string theory. Is this regularization method also used in superstring theories?
How to find out how far a ball will travel after it&#39;s 3rd bounce?
What exactly is quantum spin?
What is spin as it relates to subatomic particles?
How much is the gain of this Op Amp?
Relativistic doppler effect in three dimensions
Earth&#39;s direction in space
How to calculate the Hamiltonian from the Lagrangian for a non-relativistic charged point particle in an EM field?
Frequency difference of absorbed and emitted photons?
Water Waves in the Wake of a Boat
What are the implications for the AdS/Cft program if AdS is unstable?
On Thermodynamics of Spontaneity of the Reduction-Oxidation Chemical Reactions
Special relativity paradox and gravitation/acceleration equivalence
What is many-body bound state?
Magnetic field in a wire with constant current
Work done in raising a rope at constant kinetic energy?
Statistical significance in Z boson excess paper
Need definition of symmetric and antisymmetric tensor representations of a Lie algebra
Calculating electrodynamic momentum of a dumbbell (consisting of two point charges) in longitudinal motion
When I change the rpm of a turntable, how long does the turntable to get to the new rpm?
Apparent depth and virtual image position
Landau theory of phase transation
low energy mono pole applications
Smallest Black hole nessesary to devour Earth?
Chemical potentials for multicomponent solids
How does potential energy work out for floating things?
What&#39;s the next big goal of the Large Hadron Collider?
Do all the emitted electron in photoelectric effect have same K.E
Measurement of quantum state
Coriolis deflection:- is it 4 times if the object is thrown up, compared to a drop?
How does non-constant conductivity change surface charge on a wire?
Does entanglement not immediately contradict the theory of special relativity?
effective field theory of the projective semion model
Why is moment of inertia dependent on $r^2$ and not on $r$ ? (physical reason)
Won&#39;t the test charge disturb the electric field to be measured?
Eddington-Finkelstein coordinates: Why $\ln(r-2m)$ instead of $\ln|r-2m|$?
Can we have negative Electrostatic potential
How to motivate this approach on Special Relativity?
Lagrange equation and a force derivable from a generalized potential
I would like to know what variables to consider when I experiment with pouring from bottles and the &quot;glug&quot; effect?
Need help understanding a simple circuit in-depth
Explaining induced emf: directions of lorentz force and electrostatic field in two reference frames
Do non-Gaussian states always show negativity in phase space?
What sort of operations can be applied on a Hilbert spaces?
Sign convention for the Minkowski metric $\eta_{\mu\nu}$
Refraction of light marching band analogy
How to compute the normal ordered angular momentum of a Klein-Gordon real scalar in terms of ladder operators?
Power radiated by a rotating annulus
transformations between 1st and 2nd order formalism in pure gravity
How to check the ohmic contact to the film?
Movie airplanes and suction
Options to correct rectangular laser beam profile?
Full time derivative of the Frank-Oseen energy. Mathematical problem
Hawking Radiation and Dark Energy
What makes a collision superelastic?
Is the quantum NOT operation similar to the classical NOT operation?
QM: Why is there a minus sign on the Energy operator when using complex conjugate?
Finding the total energy in centre of mass frame
Using the boltzmann equation to find neutrino decoupling temperature
Constant part of a photo taken
How we can calculate the elements of the Mueller matrix?
Kinematics of a differential drive robot
Equilibrium between two water tanks
Does GR reflect Aristotelian time?
Why does lambertian surface reflection result in uniform radiance measured from every direction?
Would the presence of B-modes in the CMB provide evidence for quantum gravity?
Contact between two rigid bodies. How does contact force is distributed in the contact surface?
Would this box on the floor rotate based on friction?
Brachistochrone parametric equations
Kirchoffs voltage law
Interference of waves
Resistor and voltage
Inclined plane, circular motion and the friction
Why do some materials follow Lambert&#39;s cosine law?
Location of singularity in moving black hole
Does the Abbe limit hold for a single lens?
Cooling a cup of coffee with help of a spoon
Can I compute the mass of a coin based on the sound of its fall?
How does light bend around my finger tip?
A mirror flips left and right, but not up and down
Why don&#39;t metals bond when touched together?
How does gravity escape a black hole?
Book recommendations
Surviving under water in air bubble
What experiment would disprove string theory?
What really allows airplanes to fly?
How do I explain to a six year old why people on the other side of the Earth don&#39;t fall off?
Why does NASA use gold foil on equipment and gold-coated visors?
Could Legolas actually see that far?
How does a knife cut things at the atomic level?
Stupid yet tricky question: Why do we actually see the sun?
Why do sunbeams diverge even though the sun is much more than a few kilometers away?
Don&#39;t heavier objects actually fall faster because they exert their own gravity?
If you view the Earth from far enough away can you observe its past?
Very strange shadow phenomenon
Why does Stephen Hawking say black holes don&#39;t exist?
Does Earth really have two high-tide bulges on opposite sides?
What software programs are used to draw physics diagrams, and what are their relative merits?
Why doesn&#39;t matter pass through other matter if atoms are 99.999% empty space?
How can you weigh your own head in an accurate way?
List of freely available physics books
How come some people are claiming that the Big Bang never happened?
Why does the Sun&#39;s (or other stars&#39;) nuclear reaction not use up all its &quot;fuel&quot; immediately?
Why does a helium filled ballon move forward in a car when the car is accelerating?
Why am I not burned by a strong wind?
Why do tuning forks have two prongs?
Is it necessary to consume energy to perform computation?
What is the actual significance of the amplituhedron?
Why does kinetic energy increase quadratically, not linearly, with speed?
How Does Mass Leave the Body When you Lose Weight?
Superfields and the Inconsistency of regularization by dimensional reduction
What are the justifying foundations of statistical mechanics without appealing to the ergodic hypothesis?
Superluminal neutrinos
What was the major discovery on gravitational waves made March 17th, 2014, in the BICEP2 experiment?
Why does my wooden door disperse light into a rainbow color spectrum?
Could we send a man safely to the Moon in a rocket without knowledge of general relativity?
How can a black hole produce sound?
Why do we not have spin greater than 2?
Why is a laserpointer able to &quot;erase&quot; a glow-in-the-dark sticker?
Why do people categorically dismiss some simple quantum models?
Why is filling a balloon from your mouth much harder initially?
Gauge symmetry is not a symmetry?
What does it mean for two objects to &quot;touch&quot;?
Why are radiators always placed under windows?
Why would spacetime curvature cause gravity?
Why do most formulas in physics have integer and rational exponents?
Why is there a scarcity of lithium?
Where does the extra kinetic energy come from in a gravitational slingshot?
Does juggling balls reduce the total weight of the juggler and balls?
Why does hot water clean better than cold water?
The speed of gravity?
How literally should you take &quot;The Higgs boson gives other particles mass&quot;?
How can I stand on the ground? EM or/and Pauli?
What makes running so much less energy-efficient than bicycling?
Does the 4/3 problem of classical electromagnetism remain in quantum mechanics?
What&#39;s inside a proton?
Which way does the scale tip?
What challenges needed to be overcome to create (blue) LEDs?
Is Angular Momentum truly fundamental?
What is a field, really?
The Role of Rigor
Why do chimneys have these spiral &quot;wings&quot;?
In the earth&#39;s crust, why is there far more uranium than gold?
Does someone falling into a black hole see the end of the universe?
If photons have no mass, how can they have momentum?
Did the Big Bang happen at a point?
Reading the Feynman lectures in 2012
Why can we see the dust particles in a narrow beam of light (and not in an all lighted area)?
Is it possible to start fire using moonlight?
How can ants carry items much heavier than themselves?
Why don&#39;t fluorescent lights produce shadows?
Number theory in Physics
What is known about the topological structure of spacetime?
Is it possible for information to be transmitted faster than light by using a rigid pole? 
What causes insects to cast large shadows from where their feet are?
Will a blanket warm you if you are underwater?
Best books for mathematical background?
Common false beliefs in Physics
Why does the atmosphere rotate along with the earth?
Is it possible that there is a color our human eye can&#39;t see?
Why does dry spaghetti break into three pieces as opposed to only two?
Why does a remote car key work when held to your head/body?
On this infinite grid of resistors, what&#39;s the equivalent resistance?
Why does space expansion not expand matter?
Is time continuous or discrete?
Why can Hiroshima be inhabited when Chernobyl cannot?
Moon&#39;s pull causes tides on far side of Earth: why?
What is the speed of sound in space?
Is there a symmetry associated to the conservation of information?
Is there a small enough planet or asteroid you can orbit by jumping?
Quantum Entanglement - What&#39;s the big deal?
Is temperature a Lorentz invariant in relativity?
Does centrifugal force exist?
A list of inconveniences between quantum mechanics and (general) relativity?
Why wet is dark?
Proof that the Earth rotates?
Cooling a cup of coffee with help of a spoon
Can I compute the mass of a coin based on the sound of its fall?
How does light bend around my finger tip?
A mirror flips left and right, but not up and down
Why don&#39;t metals bond when touched together?
How does gravity escape a black hole?
Book recommendations
Surviving under water in air bubble
What experiment would disprove string theory?
What really allows airplanes to fly?
How do I explain to a six year old why people on the other side of the Earth don&#39;t fall off?
Why does NASA use gold foil on equipment and gold-coated visors?
Could Legolas actually see that far?
How does a knife cut things at the atomic level?
Stupid yet tricky question: Why do we actually see the sun?
Why do sunbeams diverge even though the sun is much more than a few kilometers away?
Don&#39;t heavier objects actually fall faster because they exert their own gravity?
If you view the Earth from far enough away can you observe its past?
Very strange shadow phenomenon
Why does Stephen Hawking say black holes don&#39;t exist?
Does Earth really have two high-tide bulges on opposite sides?
What software programs are used to draw physics diagrams, and what are their relative merits?
Why doesn&#39;t matter pass through other matter if atoms are 99.999% empty space?
How can you weigh your own head in an accurate way?
List of freely available physics books
How come some people are claiming that the Big Bang never happened?
Why does the Sun&#39;s (or other stars&#39;) nuclear reaction not use up all its &quot;fuel&quot; immediately?
Why does a helium filled ballon move forward in a car when the car is accelerating?
Why am I not burned by a strong wind?
Why do tuning forks have two prongs?
Is it necessary to consume energy to perform computation?
What is the actual significance of the amplituhedron?
Why does kinetic energy increase quadratically, not linearly, with speed?
How Does Mass Leave the Body When you Lose Weight?
Superfields and the Inconsistency of regularization by dimensional reduction
What are the justifying foundations of statistical mechanics without appealing to the ergodic hypothesis?
Superluminal neutrinos
What was the major discovery on gravitational waves made March 17th, 2014, in the BICEP2 experiment?
Why does my wooden door disperse light into a rainbow color spectrum?
Could we send a man safely to the Moon in a rocket without knowledge of general relativity?
How can a black hole produce sound?
Why do we not have spin greater than 2?
Why is a laserpointer able to &quot;erase&quot; a glow-in-the-dark sticker?
Why do people categorically dismiss some simple quantum models?
Why is filling a balloon from your mouth much harder initially?
Gauge symmetry is not a symmetry?
What does it mean for two objects to &quot;touch&quot;?
Why are radiators always placed under windows?
Why would spacetime curvature cause gravity?
Why do most formulas in physics have integer and rational exponents?
Why is there a scarcity of lithium?
Where does the extra kinetic energy come from in a gravitational slingshot?
Does juggling balls reduce the total weight of the juggler and balls?
Why does hot water clean better than cold water?
The speed of gravity?
How literally should you take &quot;The Higgs boson gives other particles mass&quot;?
How can I stand on the ground? EM or/and Pauli?
What makes running so much less energy-efficient than bicycling?
Does the 4/3 problem of classical electromagnetism remain in quantum mechanics?
What&#39;s inside a proton?
Which way does the scale tip?
What challenges needed to be overcome to create (blue) LEDs?
Is Angular Momentum truly fundamental?
What is a field, really?
The Role of Rigor
Why do chimneys have these spiral &quot;wings&quot;?
In the earth&#39;s crust, why is there far more uranium than gold?
Does someone falling into a black hole see the end of the universe?
If photons have no mass, how can they have momentum?
Did the Big Bang happen at a point?
Reading the Feynman lectures in 2012
Why can we see the dust particles in a narrow beam of light (and not in an all lighted area)?
Is it possible to start fire using moonlight?
How can ants carry items much heavier than themselves?
Why don&#39;t fluorescent lights produce shadows?
Number theory in Physics
What is known about the topological structure of spacetime?
Is it possible for information to be transmitted faster than light by using a rigid pole? 
What causes insects to cast large shadows from where their feet are?
Will a blanket warm you if you are underwater?
Best books for mathematical background?
Common false beliefs in Physics
Why does the atmosphere rotate along with the earth?
Is it possible that there is a color our human eye can&#39;t see?
Why does dry spaghetti break into three pieces as opposed to only two?
Why does a remote car key work when held to your head/body?
On this infinite grid of resistors, what&#39;s the equivalent resistance?
Why does space expansion not expand matter?
Is time continuous or discrete?
Why can Hiroshima be inhabited when Chernobyl cannot?
Moon&#39;s pull causes tides on far side of Earth: why?
What is the speed of sound in space?
Is there a symmetry associated to the conservation of information?
Is there a small enough planet or asteroid you can orbit by jumping?
Quantum Entanglement - What&#39;s the big deal?
Is temperature a Lorentz invariant in relativity?
Does centrifugal force exist?
A list of inconveniences between quantum mechanics and (general) relativity?
Why wet is dark?
Proof that the Earth rotates?
Is there a way for an astronaut to rotate?
Why does holding something up cost energy while no work is being done?
Why don&#39;t electrons crash into the nuclei they &quot;orbit&quot;?
Quantum Field Theory from a mathematical point of view
Why did Feynman&#39;s thesis almost work?
How long can you survive 1 million degrees?
Is the universe fundamentally deterministic?
Why are most metals gray/silver?
How small does sand have to be to get wet?
How long a straw could Superman use?
What is information?
What is the upper-limit on intrinsic heating due to dark matter?
Why does a cup with 100 g water float when placed on another cup with 50 g of water?
What Is Energy? Where did it come from?
What is spin as it relates to subatomic particles?
Can Maxwell&#39;s equations be derived from Coulomb&#39;s Law and Special Relativity?
Why does a window become a mirror at night?
What happens to the energy when waves perfectly cancel each other?
Do all black holes have a singularity?
What justifies dimensional analysis?
Why does a candle blow out when we blow on it? Our breath is 16% oxygen and only 4% CO2
Why isn&#39;t length contraction permanent even though time dilation is?
Is it possible to &quot;see&quot; atoms?
Why do we think there are only three generations of fundamental particles?
Analog Hawking radiation
Experimental test of the non-statisticality theorem?
Why do grapes in a microwave oven produce plasma?
With Newton&#39;s third law, why are things capable of moving?
Was the 2013 meteor over Russia stronger than an atomic bomb?
Being in a solid state, why is ice slippery?
Why does our voice sound different on inhaling helium?
Can kicking a falling phone save it from shattering?
What enables protons to give new properties to an atom every time one is added?
Why don&#39;t electric fish shock themselves?
Why does dust stick to rotating fan propeller?
Why is quantum entanglement considered to be an active link between particles?
How can Magnets be used to pick up pieces of metal when the force from a magnetic field does no work?
Why is water clear?
Does Coulomb&#39;s Law, with Gauss&#39;s Law, imply the existence of only three spatial dimensions?
Dimensionless Constants in Physics
Is 3+1 spacetime as privileged as is claimed?
Cyclist&#39;s electrical tingling under power lines
What happened to David John Candlin?
Neutrinos vs. Photons: Who wins the race across the galaxy?
Explaining to a five year old - why don&#39;t bubbles run like water
Explaining UV radiation to a 6 year old
Photons from stars--how do they fill in such large angular distances?
What&#39;s the point of Hamiltonian mechanics?
Why Do Sausages Always Split Lengthwise?
What technology can result from such expensive experiment as undertaken in CERN?
Why is the prospective new kilogram standard a sphere?
Why doesn&#39;t light affect a compass?
Why do earphone wires always get tangled up in pocket?
Why is the Earth so fat?
What practical issues remain for the adoption of Thorium reactors?
If I&#39;m floating in space and I turn on a flashlight, will I accelerate?
How exactly does gravity work?
How effective is speeding?
When a star becomes a black hole, does its gravitational field strength become stronger?
Home experiments to derive the speed of light?
Why do we have an elementary charge but no elementary mass?
Why do power lines buzz?
Why quantum mechanics?
What is the meaning of the third derivative printed on this T-shirt?
Do gravitational lenses have a focus point?
How do bicycle spokes work?
Is the uncertainty principle a property of elementary particles or a result of our measurement tools?
Why do the big nuts always remain at top? The Brazil-nut Effect
In theory, could gravitational waves be used to make a &quot;gravity laser&quot;?
Scattering of light by light: experimental status
What can the D-Wave quantum computer do?
Intuitively, why are bundles so important in Physics?
What keeps mass from turning into energy?
How to treat differentials and infinitesimals?
Is it fair to judge this speedskating race by only 3 thousands of a second?
Pouring water in an aircraft while upside down?
Why don&#39;t two musical instruments sometimes generate destructive interference?
Are we slightly lighter during the day and slightly heavier at night, owing to the force of the Sun&#39;s gravity?
Is there a physical reason for colors to be located in a very narrow band of the EM spectrum?
Why is the Moon considered the major cause of tides, even though it is weaker than the Sun?
How does this &quot;simple&quot; electric train work?
Is there something similar to Noether&#39;s theorem for discrete symmetries?
Do Maxwell&#39;s Equations overdetermine the electric and magnetic fields?
How can anything ever fall into a black hole as seen from an outside observer?
Is fire plasma?
Why are our planets in the solar system all on the same disc/plane/layer?
How can two seas not mix?
Rubber band stretched produces heat and when released absorbs heat.. Why?
Quantum mechanics and everyday nature
Why has Earth&#39;s core not become solid?
Symmetries of the Standard Model: exact, anomalous, spontaneously broken
Without seeing the lightning, can you tell how far away it struck by how the thunder sounds?
Does electricity flow on the surface of a wire or in the interior?
Why does cold metal seem colder than cold air?
How far ahead can we predict solar and lunar eclipses?
How does water help extinguish fire?
How much air needs to be displaced to generate an audible sound?
Is anti-matter matter going backwards in time?
Why doesn&#39;t a bike/bicycle fall if going with a high speed?
How did Newton discover his second law?
Why is cold fusion considered bogus?
Massless charged particles
Why does everything spin?
If I am travelling on a car at around 60 km/h, and I shine a light, does that mean that the light is travelling faster than the speed of light?
Why do lasers cut? Is this a case of light acting as matter?
How would night sky look like if the speed of light was infinite?
Why do we need to know the shape of the slide to find the time to slide down it?
Can we theoretically balance a perfectly symmetrical pencil on its one-atom tip?
Path integral vs. measure on infinite dimensional space
Trace of a commutator is zero - but what about the commutator of $x$ and $p$?
Will a hole cut into a metal disk expand or shrink when the disc is heated?
Why is information indestructible?
Could someone jump from the international space station and live?
Is there a Lagrangian formulation of statistical mechanics?
If photon energies are continuous and atomic energy levels are discrete, how can atoms absorb photons?
How trustworthy are numerically-obtained periodic solutions to the three body problem?
How can the Earth keep spinning with a liquid core?
Classic home experiments for an 8-year-old child
Why do stickers curl?
Why aren&#39;t there spherical galaxies?
Shine a beam of light horizontally, drop a stone from same height - would both hit the ground at the same time?
Freefall into snow
Can water falling from a tap follow a spiral path?
What is the difference between &quot;kinematics&quot; and &quot;dynamics&quot;?
Lev Landau&#39;s &quot;Theoretical Minimum&quot;
Does G&#246;del preclude a workable ToE?
Why are differential equations for fields in physics of order two?
Physical interpretation of different selfadjoint extensions
On the Coulomb branch of N=2 supersymmetric gauge theory
What is spontaneous symmetry breaking in QUANTUM systems?
Is a hard drive heavier when it is full?
Is it possible to have a geostationary satellite over the poles?
How exact is the analogy between statistical mechanics and quantum field theory?
Why does the speed of light in vacuum have no uncertainty?
Why does ice melting not change the water level in a container?
Why is it said that without quantum mechanics we would not have modern computers?
What is the minimum pressure of a medium for which a sound wave can exist?
What is going on in front of and behind a fan?
&quot;Falling upward&quot; - how far you have to be from Earth to start falling to the Moon?
Why are dishwasher washed glasses &quot;squeaky clean&quot;?
Why is the harmonic oscillator so important?
Is there a thermodynamic limit on how efficiently you can solve a Rubik&#39;s cube?
Will we ever be able to view the past?
Is it possible that every single isotope is radioactive, and isotopes which we call stable are actually unstable but have an extremely long half-life?
What is needed to claim the discovery of the  Higgs boson?
Getting started self-studying general relativity
Why does calculus of variations work?
Are these two quantum systems distinguishable?
Wind generators - why so few blades?
A No-Nonsense Introduction to Quantum Field Theory
What is the use of a Universal-NOT gate?
Models of neutrinos consistent with OPERA&#39;s results
Why is the sky not purple?
What causes ballpoint pens to write intermittently?
Can the solar system really fit in a thimble?
Does the sun rotate?
Why doesn&#39;t light kill me?
If we suddenly lost track of time, how would we know what time is now?
Does time move slower at the equator?
What is the difference between a measurement and any other interaction in quantum mechanics?
Is a &quot;third quantization&quot; possible?
Can Jupiter be ignited?
Why is there no absolute maximum temperature?
How can a photon have no mass and still travel at the speed of light?
Why doesn&#39;t the Moon fall upon Earth?
Why is it hard to solve the Ising-model in 3D?
Why is gravity such a unique force?
How do moving charges produce magnetic fields?
Does quantum mechanics violate the equivalence principle?
Why do rocket engines have a throat?
How close can you get to lava before burning?
Why is the sky never green? It can be blue or orange, and green is in between!
Why is Earth&#39;s climate so stable?
What are galactic speeds measured against?
Where do photons go when they are absorbed?
What is the fallacy in this infinite motion machine?
The Impossibility ( or Possibility) of Solving $N$-Body Problem
Mechanics around a rail tank wagon
Do two beams of light attract each other in general theory of relativity?
Rigor in quantum field theory
About the complex nature of the wave function?
Examples of number theory showing up in physics
$(\mu,P,T)$ pseudo-ensemble: why is it not a proper thermodynamic ensemble?
Before a once-warm lake starts to freeze, must its temperature be 4&#176;C throughout at some point?
Why does a supernova explode
Where does the extra force generated by a lever come from?
Why are the laws of thermodynamics &quot;supreme among the laws of Nature&quot;?
Are atoms unique?
Why can&#39;t you hear music well over a telephone line?
Was Titanic&#39;s captain&#39;s decision correct?
Why can&#39;t we see gases?
Homemade salad dressing separates into layers after it sits for a while. Why doesn&#39;t this violate the 2nd law of thermodynamics?
If there were fundamental forces weaker than gravity, would we know about it?
What are washers for?
Cooling a satellite
Why is the equation for friction so simple?
Intuition as to why the orientation (of a 3D object) is not a conserved quantity?
When water climbs up a piece of paper, where is the energy coming from?
Your favorite Physics/Astrophysics blogs?
Is Stephen Wolfram&#39;s NKS, an attempt to explain the universe with cellular automata, in conflict with Bell&#39;s Theorem?
How can earthquakes shift the earth&#39;s axis?
Does the Planck scale imply that spacetime is discrete?
Why can&#39;t we feel the Earth turning?
What conservation law corresponds to Lorentz boosts?
Why does this object periodically turn itself?
Readable books on advanced topics
Would it matter if the Earth rotated clockwise?
Lagrangians not of the form $T-U$
Why are rockets so big?
Do electrons have shape?
How is it possible to accelerate a neutron?
Why did &quot;tickling the dragons tail&quot; by Louis Slotin not cause an explosion?
Why is it so easy to create audible sound?
How wrong are the classical Maxwell&#39;s equations (as compared to QED)?
Why does one experience a short pull in the wrong direction when a vehicle stops?
Why CAN we see the new moon at night?
How exactly does curved space-time describe the force of gravity?
What if the LHC doesn&#39;t see SUSY?
Are modified theories of gravity credible?
If both radio waves and gamma rays can travel through walls
What is the simplest way to prove the Earth is round?
How to write a paper in physics?
Can I survive a free fall using a ramp and a rope?
What forces are at work causing sand to migrate to the centre of a spinning bucket of water?
Where does the light go when I turn off the light switch?
Why do same/opposite electric charges repel/attract each other, respectively?
Is it possible to &quot;cook&quot; pasta at room temperature with low enough pressure?
Speed of sound at temperatures below 0 &#176;C
Why is jumping into water from high altitude fatal?
How long would it take me to travel to a distant star?
Why does a flat universe imply an infinite universe?
Which ball touches the ground first?
What is the physical meaning of commutators in quantum mechanics?
Motion described by $m \frac{\mathrm{d}^2 x}{\mathrm{d}t^2}=-k\frac{\mathrm{d}^{\frac12 }x}{\mathrm{d}t^{\frac12}}$
Is ice a type of glass?
What is the most efficient information storage?
Why does water rise through a hole in ice
I touched a tree that was touching an electric fence and got an electric shock. How is this possible if wood is an insulator?
Is there an infinite amount of wavelengths of light? Is the EM spectrum continuous?
Are there any scales other than temperature that have different zero points?
Books that every physicist should read
Maximum theoretical data density
Can I use an antenna as a light source?
What really cause light/photons to appear slower in media?
Why does only one side of a neon lamp glow?
Are matrices and second rank tensors the same thing?
From where (in space-time) does Hawking radiation originate?
Telescopes to avoid as a beginner?
Why is a new moon not the same as a solar eclipse?
Systematic approach to deriving equations of collective field theory to any order
How much information about the scale of a waterfall can be obtained from its sound?
What&#39;s the real fundamental definition of energy?
Floating a ping pong ball in the air just using a pen!
Linear sigma models and integrable systems
Why the galaxies forms 2D plane (or spiral-like) instead of 3D ball (or spherical-like)?
Why is the sun brighter in Australia compared to parts of Asia?
Has gravity ever been experimentally measured between two atoms?
How to determine your position underground?
Why do computers generate heat?
What are Stephen Hawking&#39;s main contributions to research-level physics?
What is the speed of the fastest moving body in our solar system?
What do we see while watching light? Waves or particles?
In reverse time, do objects at rest fall upwards?
Why does a Pewter mug keep a beverage hot better than a foam cup?
If the Earth is a good conductor of electricity, why don&#39;t people get electrocuted every time they touch the Earth?
Fourier transformation in nature/natural physics?
What if the universe is rotating as a whole?
Why does GPS depend on relativity?
Why correlation functions?
Why are there only derivatives to the first order in the Lagrangian?
Does a photon interfere only with itself?
Does Heisenberg&#39;s uncertainty under time evolution always grow?
Travelling faster than the speed of light
The Pioneer anomaly finally explained?
Why the Principle of Least Action?
Why can&#39;t energy be created or destroyed?
Does the universe have a center?
Can lightning be used to solve NP-complete problems?
What are the precise statements by Shouryya Ray of particle dynamics problems posed by Newton which this news article claims have been solved?
What is the Earth truly rotating about/revolving around?
Why is the Ampere a base unit and not the Coulomb?
What exactly is regularization in QFT?
What does a wing do that an engine can&#39;t?
What do you really see on a line of clocks as you pass by them at high speed?
Can you run away from your shadow?
How can interstellar space have a temperature of 2-3K?
Stretch length of horizontal and vertical springs
What physical evidence is there that subatomic particles pop in and out of existence?
Why is the nucleus so small and why is the atom 99.999% empty space?
Suggested reading for renormalization (not only in QFT)
Classical mechanics without coordinates book
Formalizing Quantum Field Theory
Comprehensive book on group theory for physicists?
Why do we say that the earth moves around the sun?
How do we know Dark Matter isn&#39;t simply Neutrinos?
Why $\displaystyle i\hbar\frac{\partial}{\partial t}$ can not be considered as the Hamiltonian operator?
Why do the planets&#39; orbital distances fall on an exponential curve?
Why is the observable universe so big?
What are some critiques of Jaynes&#39; approach to statistical mechanics?
Why is light called an &#39;electromagnetic wave&#39; if it&#39;s neither electric nor magnetic?
Is the wave-particle duality a real duality?
Is a proton collision (collisions like in the LHC) visible to the human eye?
Does a constantly accelerating charged particle emit em radiation or not?
Why are there no asteroids or meteoroids with relativistic speeds?
Why is acceleration expressed as m/s/s?
Why is absolute zero considered to be asymptotical? Wouldn&#39;t regions such as massive gaps between galaxy clusters have temperatures of absolute zero?
Which is more fundamental, Fields or Particles?
Are all machines linearly scalable?
When a planet is heated through gravitational pull, where is the energy taken from?
How do control rods work?
Are there any theoretical limits on the energy of a photon?
Can the Sun capture dark matter gravitationally?
Hamilton&#39;s Principle
Why isn&#39;t Higgs coupling considered a fifth fundamental force?
Could gravity be an emergent property of nature?
What is the difference between a white object and a mirror?
Would you be weightless at the center of the Earth?
Total energy of the Universe
Why glass is transparent?
Is there an equation for the strong nuclear force?
How come neutrons in a nucleus don&#39;t decay?
How does gravitational lensing account for Einstein&#39;s Cross?
Differentiating Propagator, Greens function, Correlation function, etc
Negative probabilities in quantum physics
Orbits of maximally entangled mixed states
experimental bounds on spacetime torsion
Is there an intuitive explanation for why Lorentz force is perpendicular to a particle&#39;s velocity and the magnetic field?
Why does a tire need to be filled with air?
Canonical everyday-life example of a technology that could not work without humans mastering QM in analogy to the application of GR in GPS?
Are quantum effects significant in lens design?
Why does wet skin sunburn faster?
Why doesn&#39;t a typical beam splitter cause a photon to decohere?
Can the sun cast a shadow?
Why does a large train cause the ground to shake?
Is this kids experiment a legitimate way to show that air has mass?
What would happen if an accelerated particle collided with a person?
How does light speed up after coming out of a glass slab?
Is there a limit as to how fast a black hole can grow?
Why are stars white?
What is the mechanism behind the slowdown of light/photons in a transparent medium?
Lightning strikes the Ocean I&#39;m swimming in - what happens?
What is the physical meaning of the connection and the curvature tensor?
Why is the bell, well, bell shaped?
Why is high temperature superconductivity so hard to solve?
What are the reasons to expect that gravity should be quantized?
Does a magnetic field do work on an intrinsic magnetic dipole?
What nonlinear deformations will a fast rotating planet exhibit?
Einstein&#39;s postulates $\leftrightarrow$ Minkowski space for a Layman
Is gecko-like friction Coulombic? What is the highest known Coulombic $\mu_s$ for any combination of surfaces?
In quantum mechanics, given certain energy spectrum can one generate the corresponding potential?
&quot;Slightly off-shell&quot;?
What&#39;s the interpretation of Feynman&#39;s picture proof of Noether&#39;s Theorem?
Why do electron and proton have the same but opposite electric charge?
Can the apparent equal size of sun and moon be explained or is this a coincidence?
How do the “hot Jupiter” planets get so close to their host star?
State of Matrix Product States
Renormalization Group for non-equilibrium
Continuum theory from lattice theory
An entropy of the Wigner function
Why is boiling water loud, then quiet?
Why does paper become translucent when smeared with oil but not (so much) with water?
Why is the (free) neutron lifetime so long?
Discreteness and Determinism in Superstrings?
Classical and quantum anomalies
What is a good introductory book on quantum mechanics?
Sigma Models on Riemann Surfaces
How do whisky stones keep your drink cold?
Best current bounds on nonconservation of momentum?
Can the photoelectric effect be explained without photons?
Are bubbles in ice at a lower or higher pressure than atmospheric pressure?
Why do we expect our theories to be independent of cutoffs?
A &quot;Hermitian&quot; operator with imaginary eigenvalues
Identification of particles and anti-particles
How does a half-life work?
Why is an electron still an elementary particle after absorbing / emitting a photon?
Why fermions have a first order (Dirac) equation and bosons a second order one?
Why is spacetime curved by mass but not charge?
Why doesn&#39;t rain fall down in streams (as opposed to drops)
Is the graviton hypothetical?
The physical definition of work seems paradoxical
Blowing your own sail?
Is a suit that hides a soldier&#39;s heat signature fundamentally possible?
Emptying a bottle faster by swirl
Are internal combustion engines more efficient on cold days?
Could I break the sound barrier using circular motion? (And potentially create a sonic boom?)
Lie theory, Representations and particle physics
Why does the sky change color?
Will a ball slide down a lumpy hill over the same path it rolls down the hill?
How does classical GR concept of space-time emerge from string theory?
Applications of Algebraic Topology to physics
How fast a (relatively) small black hole will consume the Earth?
Are W &amp; Z bosons virtual or not?
Why do tsunami waves begin with the water flowing away from shore?
Fundamental question about dimensional analysis
Graduate Physics Problems Books
How does water evaporate if it doesn&#39;t boil?
Have we figured out how to analyze turbulent fluids?
What symmetry causes the Runge-Lenz vector to be conserved?
Is mass an observable in Quantum Mechanics?
What is the mass density distribution of an electron?
Why don&#39;t modern spacecraft use nuclear power?
Why does it take so long to get to the ISS?
Could there be a star orbiting around a planet?
Physical and Geometrical interpretation of Differential Forms
Why do we care about black hole interiors&#39; physics?
Overcharging a black hole
Status of experimental searches for tachyons?
How do we know photons have spin 1?
Idea of Covering Group
How do we know that heat is a differential form?
Artificial gravity on rotating spaceship?
Is this really a golden ratio spiral?
Since cables carry electricity moving at the speed of light, why aren&#39;t computer networks much faster?
Doesn&#39;t a box holding a vacuum weigh the same as a box full of air?
How do we stabilise satellites so precisely?
Why would a black hole explode?
How can the contact point of rolling body have zero velocity?
Why is the mole/&quot;amount of substance&quot; a dimensional quantity?
Static electricity and door handles
Why can you &quot;suck in&quot; cooked spaghetti?
Learning physics online?
Experimental observation of matter/antimatter in the universe
Ice skating, how does it really work?
Haag&#39;s theorem and practical QFT computations
Can Noether&#39;s theorem be understood intuitively?
What&#39;s the difference between the five masses: inertial mass, gravitational mass, rest mass, invariant mass and relativistic mass?
Why do electrons occupy the space around nuclei, and not collide with them?
What is the logarithm of a kilometer? Is it a dimensionless number?
How can it be that the beginning universe had a high temperature and a low entropy at the same time?
Why do or don&#39;t neutrinos have antiparticles?
How would we tell antimatter galaxies apart?
Why does laser light not affect glowing materials?
How is $\frac{dQ}{T}$ measure of randomness of system?
Would a spin-2 particle necessarily have to be a graviton?
Are gravitational waves longitudinal or transverse?
What are the strings in string theory made of?
What happens to the magnetic field in this case?
What is the current status of string theory (2013)?
Hilbert space of harmonic oscillator: Countable vs uncountable?
Why do prisms work (why is refraction frequency dependent)?
Rigorous underpinnings of infinitesimals in physics
If aerographite is lighter than air, why doesn&#39;t it float?
How can water evaporate at room temperature?
Birds sitting on electric wires: potential difference between the legs
Why did high quality mirrors use aluminum coatings instead of silver?
Why do heavier objects fall faster in air?
Why do we deal only with large scale magnetic fields in astrophysics, and not electric fields?
Why does wavelength affect diffraction?
Is topology of universe observable?
Should I abandon my thought experiment about time?
The sound of rotating helicopter blades
Quantum random numbers from a laser -- simplest setup?
What do units like joule * seconds imply?
If air cannot conduct electricity, how can lightning happen?
Why doesn&#39;t Earth&#39;s atmosphere form bands due to different rotational speeds?
Is there a maximum frames per second (FPS)?
How should a physics student study mathematics?
Do photons gain mass when they travel through glass?
How are classical optics phenomena explained in QED (Snell&#39;s law)?
Why are von Neumann Algebras important in quantum physics?
Rotation angle of a giant lily when a child crawls on its rim
Is it theoretically possible to shield gravitational fields or waves?
Why does the Moon face Earth with the same side?
What is the usefulness of the Wigner-Eckart theorem?
Why do people still talk about bohmian mechanics/hidden variables
What is the difference between implicit and explicit time dependence e.g. $\frac{\partial \rho}{\partial t}$ and $\frac{d \rho} {dt}$?
Why do &#39;dead&#39; batteries work again after exchanging the places of the batteries in an electronic device?
What are the prerequisites to studying general relativity?
Mathematically-oriented Treatment of General Relativity
How can airplanes fly upside down?
How does a mobile phone vibrate without any external force?
Why does the water rise?
Does a charged particle accelerating in a gravitational field radiate?
Why not using Lagrangian, instead of Hamiltonian, in non relativistic QM?
Does a photon exert a gravitational pull?
Is the converse of Noether&#39;s first theorem true: Every conservation law has a symmetry?
How can a black hole emit X-rays?
How to determine what size telescope to buy
Does entropy measure extractable work?
Mermin-Wagner theorem in the presence of hard-core interactions
Could the Periodic Table have been done using group theory?
Why are L4 and L5 lagrangian points stable?
Energy in bolognese reduction - lid on or off?
Why is technetium unstable?
Why is the $S_{z} =0$ state forbidden for photons?
Does a charged or rotating black hole change the genus of spacetime?
Why do we still need to think of gravity as a force?
Is space &quot;real&quot;, or is it some sort of accepted postulate?
Are there old aged particles?
How does the Super-Kamiokande experiment falsify SU(5)?
Are neutrino stars theoretically possible?
Why treat complex scalar field and its complex conjugate as two different fields?
The age of the universe
Is the existence of electromagnetic standing waves dependent on the observers reference frame?
Why is superdeterminism generally regarded as a joke?
The path integral and Feynman diagrams
Will the black hole size increase?
What does it mean that there is no mathematical proof for confinement?
Why isn&#39;t the sunset/sunrise rainbow-colored
Why is the pressure inside a soap bubble higher than outside?
Are there two theories that are mathematically identical but ontologically different?
If a photon goes up, does it come down?
Is it possible to focus the radiation from a black body to make something hotter than that black body?
Build a ring around Earth, then remove the supports
Is it possible to create a parachute large enough to stop all velocity?
Why do we need infinite-dimensional Hilbert spaces in physics?
Is it possible to shoot bullets in space or would the recoil of the gun be too strong?
What is your simplest explanation of the string theory?
Is (rest) mass quantized?
How are forces &quot;mediated&quot;?
Why don&#39;t spinning tops fall over?
What equation describes the wavefunction of a single photon?
Why is tape so hard to rip when it is not broken, but so easy once there is the tiniest cut in it?
Why isn&#39;t dark matter just matter?
How is the classical twin paradox resolved?
Is there a T-dual of Witten&#39;s twistor topological string theory?
Covariant Description of Light Scattering at a fastly rotating Cylinder
What is the difference between Newtonian and Lagrangian mechanics in a nutshell?
Why is the angle of the wake of a duck constant?
Equations for bent paper
Can one do the maths of physics without using $\sqrt{-1}$?
Good reading on the Keldysh formalism
How does the Higgs mechanism work?
Why do quantum physical properties come in pairs?
Why do we need 12 atoms to store 1 bit of data?
Are we inside a black hole?
What non-metal is attracted by a magnet?
A dictionary of string - standard physics correspondences
Minimum viscosity of liquids
Vasiliev Higher Spin Theory and Supersymmetry
Post-doc advice for a low publication grad student
Which symmetric pure qudit states can be reached within local operations?
Why do people rule out local hidden variables?
In &#39;t Hooft beable models, do measurements keep states classical?
Why did Einstein get credit for formulating the theory of special relativity?
Is the density operator a mathematical convenience or a &#39;fundamental&#39; aspect of quantum mechanics?
Amplitude of an electromagnetic wave containing a single photon
Why is lightning more rare during snow storms than rain storms?
How can the Moon have such a strong effect on the ocean?
Is the quantization of gravity necessary for a quantum theory of gravity?
How does faster than light travel violate causality?
Anomalous target space diffeomorphisms for one-loop world-line integrals
Why is gravity so hard to unify with the other 3 fundamental forces?
What are the various physical mechanisms for energy transfer to the photon during blackbody emission?
Why isn&#39;t temperature measured in Joules?
Why Won&#39;t a Tight Cable Ever Be Fully Straight?
Is every quantum measurement reducible to measurements of position and time?
How many points are required to make a black box
How do we know that these radio bursts are from billions of light-years away?
Why is there a size limitation on animals?
What is a phonon?
Intuitive understanding of the entropy equation
Why is the moment of inertia for a hollow sphere higher than a uniform sphere?
Can one obtain free energy from the vacuum?
Why does a nuclear explosion have directionality?
Do photons occupy space?
Where does deleted information go?
Why is the application of probability in QM fundamentally different from application of probability in other areas?
Can there be Electron and/or Proton Stars?
Is it possible to overload a lightning rod?
Physics of weird &quot;boing&quot; sound in racquetball courts?
How did they take photos of Jupiter?
Are there Higgs bosons in the Sun?
How do you add temperatures?
Does car tire pressure change with weight of car load?
Why can we cycle faster than we can run?
How can one derive Schr&#246;dinger equation?
Why do the storms of Jupiter have long life unlike that of Earth?
When a drop of water falls into water, where do the splashes come from?
How come &quot;smaller, weaker&quot; particles are more massive (have higher energies)?
Could someone intuitively explain to me Ohm&#39;s law?
If the LHC-calculated mass of the Higgs is wrong, how long will it take to determine this with confidence?
How does one measure the mass of a galaxy? And other such large quantities
Is it possible to blur an image in such way that a person with sight problems could see it sharp?
How do you calculate the anomalous precession of Mercury?
Books that develop interest &amp; critical thinking among high school students
Paradox?: What is the form of radiation experienced by a harmonically accelerated observer?
Virtual vs Real image
Simple models that exhibit topological phase transitions
What is tension in string theory?
Newton&#39;s cradle
Starting a physics Ph.D. at 60?
Why can you see virtual images?
Why does the air we blow/exhale out from our mouths change from hot to cold depending on the size of the opening we make with our mouth?
What do ants see?
History of interpretation of Newton&#39;s first law
Do anti-photons exist?
Why can&#39;t quantum teleportation be used to transport information?
How do you prove $S=-\sum p\ln p$?
Why does the fundamental mode of a recorder disappear when you blow harder?
Why do ships lean to the outside, but boats lean to the inside of a turn?
Why you need a graviton when you have the higgs boson?
Why is the charge naming convention wrong?
What is the magnetic field inside hollow ball of magnets?
Laplace operator&#39;s interpretation
Prove that negative absolute temperatures are actually hotter than positive absolute temperatures
How does string theory reduce to the standard model?
Why don&#39;t stars in globular clusters all orbit in the same plane?
Is Jupiter a failed star?
Connections and applications of SLE in physics
Regularization of the Casimir effect
Bell polytopes with nontrivial symmetries
Twistors in Curved Spacetime
Rigorous justification for rotating wave approximation
Any use for $F_4$ in hep-th?
Kerr Geometry, Separability and Twistors
Theoretical penetration limit for evanescent waves
What is the answer to Feynman&#39;s Disc Paradox?
What exactly is a kilogram-meter?
What is the possibility of a railgun assisted orbital launch?
Why doesn&#39;t a fly fall off the wall?
Why is torque not measured in Joules?
Why aren&#39;t gas planets and stars fuzzy?
Emergent symmetries
What is the status of Witten&#39;s and Vafa&#39;s argument that the QCD vacuum energy is a minimum for zero $\theta$ angle?
What observables are indicative of BCS Cooper pair condensation?
Is there a compound denser than the densest element?
What determines the angle of the cushion on a pool table?
Stability of rotation of a rectangular prism
How to combine these equations of constraint?
Does a car consume more fuel when it&#39;s raining?
How do people calculate proportions of dark matter, dark energy and baryonic matter of the universe?
How do spiral arms form?
A rope attaches the Moon to the Earth. What happens?
Tensor Operators
Does alternating current (AC) require a complete circuit?
Is general relativity holonomic?
Why does boiling water in the microwave make a cup of tea go weird?
Double Slit Experiment: How do scientists ensure that there&#39;s only one photon?
Are the air particles in today&#39;s wind on earth (more or less) the same as the air 2/3 billion years ago?
Does antimatter curve spacetime in the opposite direction as matter?
Causes of hexagonal shape of Saturn&#39;s jet stream
Why does dark energy produce positive space-time curvature?
How close does light have to be, to orbit a perfect sphere the size and mass of Earth?
Can rain evaporate?
What determines the speed of waves in water?
Is there a physical system whose phase space is the torus?
How much red, blue and green does white light have?
How many molecules rub off when I press a key?
Is this scene from the A Team explainable by Physics?
If I squeeze something really hard, will it ever become two-dimensional?
Why does a dish cloth absorb liquid better when it is damp?
Why are a motorcycle&#39;s front brakes more effective than back?
Physical meaning of the angular momentum
Where on Earth does the mass of 1 kg actually produce a 1 kg reading on a digital scale?
What does this depiction of a black hole in the movie Interstellar mean?
Why does rotation simulate gravity if motion is relative?
Conservation of momentum when rain pours into a wagon
Why does non-commutativity in quantum mechanics require us to use Hilbert spaces?
If the gravity at the center of the Earth is zero, why are heavy elements like iron there?
Why is energy not an SI base unit?
Is it possible to sail &quot;close hauled&quot; with a solar sailship?
Why do neutrons repel each other?
Why can&#39;t the outcome of a QM measurement be calculated a-priori?
Why can you have shiny black objects?
Why do earphone pieces repel each other when music is on?
Give a description of Loop Quantum Gravity your grandmother could understand
Why are the orbits of planets in the Solar System nearly circular?
A pedestrian explanation of Renormalization Groups - from QED to classical field theories
Why can&#39;t a piece of paper (of non-zero thickness) be folded more than $N$ times?
Should a neutron fall faster than a proton?
Why should the Standard Model be renormalizable?
Newton&#39;s rings: What causes the other rings?
What does it mean for a Hamiltonian or system to be gapped or gapless?
Quantum mechanics on a manifold
If the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?
What exactly is heat?
Online QFT video lectures
Why is gravitation force always attractive?
a priori validity of $W=\int Fdx$ in relativity?
How do Optically Active Compounds Rotate Plane Polarized Light?
How did R&#248;mer measure the speed of light by observing Jupiter&#39;s moons, centuries ago?
Does the Pauli exclusion principle instantaneously affect distant electrons?
Why singularity in a black hole, and not just &quot;very dense&quot;?
Why does the sound pitch increase on every consecutive tick at the bottom of a filled cup of coffee?
Isn&#39;t the uncertainty principle just non-fundamental limitations in our current technology that could be removed in a more advanced civilization?
How do astronomers measure the distance to a star or other celestial object?
Why are orbits elliptical?
Why does the moon sometimes appear giant and a orange red color near the horizon?
How long does it take to travel 36 light years with tolerable acceleration and deceleration?
How Fundamental is Spin-Orbit Coupling to Topological Insulators?
Is there a theorem that says that QFT reduces to QM in a suitable limit? A theorem similar to Ehrenfest&#39;s theorem?
Why does charge conservation due to gauge symmetry only hold on-shell?
Significance of the hyperfinite $III_1$ factor for axiomatic quantum field theory
What do theoretical physicists need from computer scientists?
Which exact solutions of the classical Yang-Mills equations are known?
Asymptoticity of Pertubative Expansion of QFT
What is known about the classification of N=4 SCFTs with central charge 6?
Phase space volume and relativity
Why does the note played by a flute not change in this case when  the air column is interrupted?
Is the principle of least action a boundary value or initial condition problem?
Norton&#39;s dome and its equation
Is two cars colliding at 50mph the same as one car colliding into a wall at 100 mph?
Flames with no gravity?
Why are expressions such as $\operatorname{ln}T$ used in thermodynamics where $T$ is not dimensionless?
What grounds the difference between space and time?
Are there still &#39;everyday&#39; phenomena unexplained by Physics?
Local explanation of the Aharonov-Bohm effect in terms of force fields
Is there a symbol for &quot;unitless&quot;?
When can a global symmetry be gauged?
Optimal telescope size?
Before inflation, what sets the initial value of the inflaton field?
What is the theoretical limit for farthest we can see back in time and distance?
Why do whips hurt so much?
Why does a cork float to the side of a glass?
How fast is the Earth-Sun distance changing
Mass of empty AdS$_5$
Gravitational slingshot of light using a black hole/massive object
What happens, if a rocket is filled with a vacuum instead of high pressured air?
Why can&#39;t batteries be charged quickly?
Does black hole formation contradict the Pauli exclusion principle?
Are the recently observed Dirac monopoles separable?
Does a mirror help a near-sighted persion see at a distance clearer?
Is it foolish to distinguish between covariant and contravariant vectors?
Finding the vacuum which breaks a symmetry
When photons reach us, what exactly is happening to us and to that photon?
Why do solar panels not have focusing mirrors?
How do crocodiles jump?
When is it useful to distinguish between vectors and pseudovectors in experimental &amp; theoretical physics?
Can a human size object move so fast that it ceases to be observable?
The best way in which a man can pull a train
What exactly do we see on the famous neutrino image of the sun?
Has the gravitational interaction of antimatter ever been examined experimentally?
Why don&#39;t free electrons fall from metals if shaken?
What are the proposed realizations in the New SI for the kilogram, ampere, kelvin and mole?
What do physicists mean by &quot;information&quot;?
Melting diamond and cool down as diamond
Can a car steer on a frictionless surface?
Symbols of derivatives
Why don&#39;t we have a theory of everything?
Why doesn&#39;t a cigarette lighter generate thrust?
How does Positronium exist?
Is it possible to observe interference from 2 independent optical lasers?
Relativistic Cellular Automata
If I fall into an evaporating black hole, where do I end up?
Home experiment to estimate Avogadro&#39;s number?
Is there a difference between observing a particle and hitting it with another particle?
What&#39;s the difference between running up a hill and running up an inclined treadmill?
How precisely does a star collapse into a black hole?
Why the distribution of elements on Earth?
Why and how is the speed of light in vacuum constant, i.e., independent of reference frame?
Does red shift evidence necessarily imply that the universe started from a singularity?
Can anybody provide a simple example of a quantum computer algorithm?
If a 1kg mass was accelerated close to the speed of light would it turn into a black hole?
How general is the Lagrangian quantization approach to field theory?
What does it mean to say &quot;Gravity is the weakest of the forces&quot;?
Why is there a deep mysterious relation between string theory and number theory, elliptic curves, $E_8$ and the Monster group?
Is Mach&#39;s Principle Wrong?
The &quot;Nerd Sniping&quot; problem. Generalizations?
Why can we treat quantum scattering problems as time-independent?
Roughly how many atoms thick is the layer of graphite left by a pencil writing on paper?
How are photons &quot;consumed&quot;?
Can you split a photon?
What would be the effects on theoretical physics if neutrinos go faster than light?
What happened to the idea of tachyonic or other superluminal neutrinos?
Irreducible tensors concept
Has the concept of non-integer $(n+m)$-dimensional spacetime ever been investigated by theoretical physicists?
How can a human eye focus on a screen directly in front of it?
Is there a physics Puzzles site like Project Euler?
What determines color -- wavelength or frequency?
Are elementary particles actually more elementary than quasiparticles?
Is the universe a quantum computer - is light speed barrier a computational constraint
How would the night sky appear at the edge of the galaxy?
How can a spiral galaxy exist?
How many stars are in the Milky Way galaxy, and how can we determine this?
Why is the universe map shaped like an oval?
How exactly does time slow down near a black hole?
Is the CMB rest frame special? Where does it come from?
Given a photo of the Moon, taken from Earth, is it possible to calculate the position of the photographer&#39;s site?
Why don&#39;t we have a better telescope than the Hubble Space Telescope?
How do we know Dark Matter is non baryonic?
Values of SM parameters at one certain scale
Sympletic structure of General Relativity
Does 4D N = 3 supersymmetry exist?
Fluctuations of an interface with hammock potential
direct sum of anyons?
Geometric Langlands as a partially defined topological field theory
Why is there no theta-angle (topological term) for the weak interactions?
Geometric picture behind quantum expanders
Edge theory of FQHE - Unable to produce Green&#39;s function from anticommutation relations and equation of motion?
Particles for all forces: how do they know where to go, and what to avoid?
Direct observations of a black hole?
Can a planet have a larger diameter than Jupiter?
Is the Schr&#246;dinger equation derived or postulated?
Black holes and positive/negative-energy particles
Can light exists in $2+1$ or $1+1$ spacetime dimensions?
Definitions: &#39;locality&#39; vs &#39;causality&#39;
Why is the partition function called &#39;&#39;partition function&#39;&#39;?
Why does the spotlight reflected off of a rectangular mirror tend to become circular?
Can bosons that are composed of several fermions occupy the same state?
How accurate are Mayan astronomical &quot;ephemerides&quot;?
How deep is the Great Red Spot?
Why do Maxwell&#39;s equations contain each of a scalar, vector, pseudovector and pseudoscalar equation?
Elegant approaches to quantum field theory
Does light reflect if incident at exactly the critical angle?
Staying in orbit - but doesn&#39;t any perturbation start a positive feedback?
Does local physics depend on global topology?
Topological Charge. What is it Physically?
Does gravity slow the speed that light travels?
Can space expand with unlimited speed?
What stabilizes neutrons against beta decay in a neutron star?
What happens to the electron companions of cosmic ray protons?
How can I determine whether the mass of an object is evenly distributed?
How hot does the tip of a pencil get while writing?
Why myopic people see this picture differently?
Is play-dough liquid or solid?
Where did Schr&#246;dinger solve the radiating problem of Bohr&#39;s model?
Is the electromagnetic spectrum discrete?
How long until we fall into the Sun?
Why does blowing on a candle put it out but sucking doesn&#39;t?
What are the equations of motion of a hole in a soap bubble?
What is the difference between the Balmer series of hydrogen and deuterium?
Why do quasicrystals have well-defined Fourier transforms?
Does the weight of an hourglass change when sands are falling inside?
How can a proton be converted to a neutron via positron emission and yet gain mass?
Is there a field equation which can reduce into all three flavors of spin (zero, one, one half)?
What was Feynman&#39;s &quot;much better way of presenting the electrodynamics&quot; -- which did **not** appear in the Feynman lectures?
How is gravity consistent when you split an object into multiple pieces?
Why doesn&#39;t dark matter affect planetary motion?
What exactly is an anti-neutrino?
How quickly was the Earth rotating 250 million years ago?
Photobombing without app used by Harley Davidson
Is there experimental evidence that massless particles such as photons attract massive objects?
How does &quot;warp drive&quot; not violate Special Relativity causality constraints?
Density matrix formalism
Would computers accelerated to high speeds compute &quot;faster&quot; from our point of view?
How would an X-ray scanner identify a mirror?
What interesting physics problems can&#39;t be solved because mathematics is not developed enough?
How was the formula for kinetic energy found, and who found it?
Can gravitational waves be red-shifted?
Why would the lack of air in a mine in an asteroid prevent you from flooding it?
Why doesn&#39;t the speed of Earth (moving through space) kill us?
Does screwdriver length matter?
Simple example showing why measurement &amp; interaction are different
Why does the tongue stick to a metal pole in the winter?
What happens if you remove the polarization filter from a computer monitor?
Why is the light reflected at the same angle from mirror?
Why does the speed of light totally prevent instantaneous information exchange?
Why are grams usually only expressed as milligrams, grams or kilograms?
Why are neutrinos ruled out as a major (or even sole) component of dark matter?
Detectability of interstellar messages
Distinguishing between solid spheres and hollow spheres (equal mass)
The unreasonable effectiveness of the partition function
If the LHC doesn&#39;t find the Higgs Boson, what would be the implications for the Standard Model?
Boiling water and salt
What are some scenarios where FTL information transfer would violate causality?
How can I measure the mass of the Earth at home?
Symmetrical twin paradox
Nature of gravity: gravitons, curvature of space-time or both?
In general what will holding an anti-hydrogen atom for more than a 1/10th of second allow scientists to discover?
Ising model for dummies
Home experiments using wireless LAN or mobile phones about electromagnetism?
What experiments, other than Hubble Expansion, support the Dark Energy theory?
Flux through a Mobius strip
Do all massive bodies emit Hawking radiation?
Wormholes &amp; Time Machines - for *experts* in GR/maths
Can black holes form in a finite amount of time?
Are neutrinos Majorana particles?
How to learn physics effectively and efficiently
Why do space crafts take off with rockets instead of just ascending like an aircraft until they reach space?
Where should a physicist go to learn chemistry?
Why does dilation invariance often imply proper conformal invariance?
Are tidal power plants slowing down Earth&#39;s rotation?
How does uranium from supernovae explosions end up in mineral veins in a planet?
Does the curvature of spacetime theory assume gravity?
How do horseshoe orbits work?
Are human eyes the best possible camera?
Correlation between outstanding hints in experimental particle physics
Why can&#39;t my eye see itself in the mirror through polarizing 3D-glasses?
How does non-commutativity lead to uncertainty?
Detection of the Electric Charge of a Black Hole
Why are higher order Lagrangians called &#39;non-local&#39;?
What&#39;s wrong with this derivation that $i\hbar = 0$?
Is there an intuitive reason the brachistochrone and the tautochrone are the same curve?
Is one way glass possible?
What is the connection between Poisson brackets and commutators?
What does the equivalence principle mean in quantum cases?
Does the Moon&#39;s core still contain significant heat?
Why don&#39;t more rocky planets/moons have appreciable atmospheres?
Why can&#39;t you escape a black hole?
How does space affect the human body (no space suit, no space craft)
What did general relativity clarify about Mercury?
Could there be a body of water the size of a planet?
What is the current state of research into $v$-representability?
Models of higher Chern-Simons type
Modern avatar of Englert&#39;s solution?
K&#228;hler potential vs full effective potential
Can symmetry generators be used for quantization?
BPS states : Mathematical definition
What proof techniques have failed for solving the SIC-POVM problem and what new insights have been gleaned from them?
What Shannon channel capacity bound is associated to two coupled spins?
Classic Literature in Quantum Gravity?
Are gravitomagnetic monopoles hypothesized?
What is a tensor?
QM without complex numbers
Can general relativity be completely described as a field in a flat space?
What is the status of Mpemba effect investigations?
Is spacetime discrete or continuous?
Reason for the discreteness arising in quantum mechanics?
Why does light of high frequency appear violet?
What is the length of 1 second in meters
Is it really a particle?
is there a way to split a black hole?
The meaning of imaginary time
What does a sphere moving close to the speed of light look like?
Is the &quot;How to break the speed of light&quot; minute physics video wrong?
How is Matter Modelled in Loop Quantum Gravity?
Why can&#39;t we store light in the form of light?
Stripeless cleaning of windows
Basic questions in Majorana fermions
Validity of naively computing the de Broglie wavelength of a macroscopic object
Quantum mechanics - how can the energy be complex?
Where do high-energy neutrinos come from?
What is the difference between scale invariance and self-similarity?
Is Newton&#39;s universal gravitational constant the inverse of permittivity of mass in vacuum?
String Theory and Standard Model in CERN
Any physical example of an &quot;explosive&quot; differential equation $ y&#39; = ky^2$?
State collapse in the Heisenberg picture
Zero modes ~ zero eigenvalue modes ~ zero energy modes?
Why are pear-shaped nuclei possible?
Does topology have any role in classical physics?
Is there an official name for &quot;Lorentz Pairs&quot; like energy and momentum?
Conservation of Mathematical Constraints when deriving Energy and Momentum from $F=ma$
S-Matrix in $\mathcal{N}=4$ Super-Yang Mills
How to optically rotate images in small increments (for eyeglasses)?
Why does ice form on bridges even if the temperature is above freezing?
Branching lemon drop &quot;smoke rings&quot;
Comparing predictions and reality for the gravitational attraction due to light beams
Is it possible to avoid the radiation that caused the American flag turned into white on the Moon?
How can we move an object with zero velocity?
When I stretch a rubber band, it breaks. When I hold the broken ends together, why doesn&#39;t it join again?
What does periodicity of $e^{-iHt/\hbar}$ mean in physical terms?
How would a black hole behave in a double slit experiment?
Why are sine/cosine always used to describe oscillations?
Building a wormhole
Could a hard drive actually have been erased as described in Cryptonomicon?
Why doesn&#39;t the LHC accelerate electrons?
Which experiment gave scientists reason to believe nuclear fission/fusion produced energy?
Why does a system try to minimize potential energy?
Is the Uncertainty Principle valid for information about the past?
Why does sand stick to my shoes?
Trying to combine red, green and blue to produce white
Are voltages discrete when we zoom in enough?
Origin of phases in amplitudes in QFT
Why is there a controversy on whether mass increases with speed?
Can two electrons get ever so close as to touch each other?
Why is the sky dark at night?
How can Quasars emit anything if they&#39;re black holes?
If I shout at the sky, will some molecules reach escape velocity?
How did Kelvin make this fascinating calculation?
How does lowering your thermostat save energy?
How large can an atom get? What&#39;s the farthest an electron can be from its nucleus?
How is potential energy actually stored in a steel spring at the atomic level?
If your hair was on fire and you entered a vacuum, could you outlast the fire?
Hourglass on the Moon
Does the mass of an electron change with its &quot;energy state&quot;?
How do microwaves heat moisture-free items?
What&#39;s the difference between centre of mass &amp; centre of gravity for massive bodies?
How can we take pictures of something billion of light years away?
I was told that if the Moon had a retrograde orbit, tides would have a faster rhythm. Why is that?
Why isn&#39;t the center of the galaxy &quot;younger&quot; than the outer parts?
Why doesn&#39;t matter clump together such that it can&#39;t be taken apart again?
Is speed of propeller-driven airplane limited by the speed of sound?
How to show that the Coriolis effect is irrelevant for the whirl/vortex in the sink/bathtub?
Is it possible that all neutron stars are actually pulsars?
What ways are there to measure the local polarization of a laser beam?
What determines the pitch of an explosion?
Why is the nucleus of an Iron atom so stable?
Linearity of quantum mechanics and nonlinearity of macroscopic physics
What&#39;s the difference between inclusive and exclusive decays?
Is the world $C^\infty$?
Accelerating particles to speeds infinitesimally close to the speed of light?
A pedestrian explanation of conformal blocks
The Concepts of Path Integral in Quantitative Finance
Kubo Formula for Quantum Hall Effect
Is there such a thing as &quot;Action at a distance&quot;?
Crash course on algebraic geometry with view to applications in physics
What Do We Get From Having Higher Generations of Particles?
What is a good mathematical description of the Non-renormalizability of gravity?
Is Gravity an entropic force after all?
Diff(M) as a gauge group and local observables in theories with gravity
Physical meaning of Legendre transformation
Time as a Hermitian operator in QM?
Redshifting of Light and the expansion of the universe
Disproof of Bell’s Theorem
If energy is only defined up to a constant, can we really claim that ground state energy has an absolute value?
Bell polytopes with nontrivial symmetries
Does Quantum Mechanics assume space and time are continuous?
Decay of massless particles
Mechanics + Thermodynamics: Bouncing Ball
What the heck is the sigma (f0) 600?
How was Avogadro&#39;s number first determined?
What is a brief formulation of string theory?
Is this Landau&#39;s other critical phenomena mistake?
How can area be a vector?
What are the mechanics by which Time Dilation and Length Contraction occur?
Is quantum mechanics intrinsically dualistic?
Is decoherence even possible in anti de Sitter space?
Quantum Field Theory Variants
What is anti-matter?
What errors would one learn from Eliezer Yudkowsky&#39;s introduction to quantum physics?
Why do objects follow geodesics in spacetime?
Recommend good book(s) about the &quot;scientific method&quot; as it relates to astronomy/astrophysics?
What is a &quot;Trojan Moon&quot;?
In astronomy what phenomena have theory predicted before observations?
Why is oxygen the third most abundant element?
Quantum computing and quantum control
Is string theory local?
Applications of delay differential equations
Multiqubit state tomography by performing measurement in the same basis
Relevance of SIC-POVMs to quantum information
Paper listing known Seiberg-dual pairs of N=1 gauge theories
Distorted colors of Google StreetView photographs near electric power lines
Might a planet perform figure-8 orbits around two stars?
What happens to matter in a standard model with zero Higgs VEV?
The transit of Venus and solar neutrino rates
Why is the second order perturbative correction to the ground state energy always down?
Is there an intuitive description of vacuum entanglement?
Phase shift of 180 degrees on reflection from optically denser medium
Is there a sound theoretical argument against inner-shell induced nuclear chain reactions?
How does a car turn without any skidding?
Is there a thought experiment which brings to light the contradiction between General Relativity and Quantum Mechanics?
Why don&#39;t rockets tip over when they launch?
Introduction to AdS/CFT
When is Lebesgue integration useful over Riemann integration in physics?
What is the difference between weight and mass?
Positivity of Total Gravitational Energy in GR
Does the exact string theory $S$-matrix describe all physics there is?
Is String Theory formulated in flat or curved spacetime?
Homotopy $\pi_4(SU(2))=\mathbb{Z}_2$
Why is boiling water the second time more quiet than boiling it the first time?
Why are so many forces explainable using inverse squares when space is three dimensional?
Why does the nature always prefer low energy and maximum entropy?
Intuitive meaning of Hilbert Space formalism
Why don&#39;t tuning forks have three prongs?
Coulomb gauge fixing and &quot;normalizability&quot;
How can the speed of light be a dimensionless constant?
Comments on entropy and the direction of time in Landau and Lifshitz&#39;s Statistical Mechanics
Can&#39;t seem to reconcile geometric optics and wave optics
Representing forces as one-forms
The interpretation of mass in quantum field theories
Regulator-scheme-independence in QFT
Does quantum computing rely on particular interpretations of quantum mechanics?
Does the mass point move?
Does an empty refrigerator require more power to stay cold than a full one?
Why can&#39;t Humans run any faster?
Is there a momentum for charge?
Google interview riddle and scaling arguments
Is my boss wrong about our mechanical advantage from our pulley system?
Are Newton&#39;s &quot;laws&quot; of motion laws or definitions of force and mass?
Why do nearsighted people see better with their glasses *rotated*?
How would we see a near-lightspeed object emitting light?
What does it mean for a QFT to not be well-defined?
How to argue that time travel to past would not be possible even in future?
In relativity, can/should every measurement be reduced to measuring a scalar?
What is precisely a Yangian symmetry?
Can Helium Disappear from Earth?
Hilbert Space of (quantum) Gauge theory
Can Lee-Yang zeros theorem account for triple point phase transition?
If time isn&#39;t continuous, what is the best-known upper bound on the length of time intervals?
Separability axiom really necessary?
Do neutrinos travel faster than light in air?
Hilbert, G&#246;del, and &quot;God equations&quot; - a 19th century lesson for 21st century physicists?
In there such a thing as the Black Hole Information Paradox?
Can space be torn?
Why can&#39;t single LEDs produce white light directly?
Does electron in wave form have mass?
Why does sound travel faster in iron than mercury even though mercury has a higher density?
Why not drop $\hbar\omega/2$ from the quantum harmonic oscillator energy?
Why isn&#39;t general relativity the obvious thing to try after special relativity?
Inflation and the Meaning of Time
Why does a water drop on a hot plate at $150^o C$ evaporate faster than on a plate at $200^o C$?
Why are only linear representations of the Lorentz group considered as fundamental quantum fields?
Why are these periods the same: a low earth orbit and oscillations through the center of the earth?
Evidence of why the Standard Model is a successful theory of particle physics
Why is there no Gravitational Magnetic Field?
Does extreme cold make **everything** extremely brittle?
Explanation for this type of (magic-trick) suspension?
Why should any physicist know, to some degree, experimental physics?
A force opposing Gravity
Is it a postulate or a well proven fact that speed of light remains constant w.r.t any observer?
Does the heat equation violate causality?
What would happen to matter if it was squeezed indefinitely?
Can light emit light?
What is an intuitive explanation of Gouy phase?
How do physicists use solutions to the Yang-Baxter Equation?
Is Newton&#39;s Law of Gravity consistent with General Relativity?
Gravity on a doughnut-shaped/M&#246;bius planet
Reciprocal Lattices
Why does my watch act like a mirror under water?
Which experiments prove atomic theory?
Turned to steel in the great magnetic field
Why does the (relativistic) mass of an object increase when its speed approaches that of light?
Anti-gravity in an infinite lattice of point masses
What evidence exists for string theory viability?
What is the relation between renormalization in physics and divergent series in mathematics?
What determines which frames are inertial frames?
The transactional interpretation of quantum mechanics
How many times has the &quot;stuff&quot; in our solar system been recycled from previous stars?
Why are snowflakes symmetrical?
Why is there more steam after a pot of water *stops* boiling?
Redshifted Photon Energy
Quantum Hall effect for dummies
Good introductory text for matrix string theory
History of Electromagnetic Field Tensor
What combinations of realism, non-locality, and contextuality are ruled out in quantum theory?
No hair theorem for black holes and the baryon number
What&#39;s so special about AdS?
Did the researchers at Fermilab find a fifth force?
What are the best open-access journals in physics?
Does renormalization make quantum fields into (slightly) nonlinear functionals of test functions?
Applications of the Spectral Theorem to Quantum Mechanics
How to define angular momentum in other than three dimensions?
Mathematically, what is color charge?
Is there any proof for the 2nd law of thermodynamics?
How does one experimentally determine chirality, helicity, spin and angular momentum of a fundamental particle?
How Does a Quantum Computer Work?
Proving that interval preserving transformations are linear
A reading list to build up to the spin statistics theorem
Please explain the physics of a Cloud Chamber
Is there some explanation for $y_t=1$
Does a photon in vacuum have a rest frame?
Simple (but wrong) argument for the generality of positive beta-functions
How fast do electrons travel in an atomic orbital?
Is a world with constant/decreasing entropy theoretically impossible?
What does Peter Parkers formula represent?
Ignorance in statistical mechanics
Is the EmDrive, or &quot;Relativity Drive&quot; possible?
What is Dark Energy, and how was it discovered?
What do the colors in false color images represent?
Observing lunar lander and footprints on the moon?
Why is Uranus&#39;s axis of rotation tilted?
When will the Moon reach escape velocity?
Impact location that created the moon
What to show a beginner
Can the &quot;Milky Way&quot; galaxy be seen by the naked eye in a clear sky?
Why are stars, planets and larger moons (approximately) spherical in shape (like, the Sun, the Moon, the Earth, and other planets)?
Why don&#39;t any of the gas giants have moons of Earth&#39;s mass (or greater) that orbit them? Is this generalizable to exoplanet gas giants?
Which way do spiral galaxies rotate?
Can neutrino detectors tell what direction the neutrinos came from?
What is the average distance between objects in our asteroid belt?
Does gravity travel at the speed of light?
Miura transform for W-algebras of exceptional type
What is a good introduction to integrable models in physics?
Instantons and Non Perturbative Amplitudes in Gravity
Information Retrieval
Is there a Majorana-like representation for singlet states?
Tree level QFT and classical fields/particles
Onsager&#39;s Regression Hypothesis, Explained and Demonstrated
What is a simple intuitive way to see the relation between imaginary time (periodic) and temperature relation?
Why can&#39;t noncontextual ontological theories have stronger correlations than commutative theories?
Geometric quantization of identical particles
Which QFTs were rigorously constructed?
Generalized Complex Geometry and Theoretical Physics
Does Kaluza-Klein theory successfully unify GR and EM? Why can&#39;t it be extended to the Standard Model gauge group?
How do I construct the $SU(2)$ representation of the Lorentz Group using $SU(2)\times SU(2)\sim SO(3,1)$ ? 
Lenses (refractor) or mirrors (reflector) telescope?
Why do people recommend wider tyres in car for better road grip?
What are these rays that appear in photograph of sun?
Self energy, 1PI, and tadpoles
Symmetrizing the Canonical Energy-Momentum Tensor
How realistic is the game &quot;A slower speed of light&quot;?
Interpretation of derivative interaction term in QFT
How can kinetic energy be proportional to the square of velocity, when velocity is relative?
Why don&#39;t I feel pressure on my body when swimming under water?
How does rest mass become energy?
Dumbed-down explanation how scientists know the number of atoms in the universe?
How is quantum mechanics compatible with the speed of light limit?
If the ground states of interacting QFTs are so complicated, how did Nature find them?
Could temperature have been defined as $-\partial S/\partial U$?
Thought experiment regarding an object approaching a mirror
What would happen if Large Hadron Collider would collide electrons?
Can a photon get emitted without a receiver?
In what sense is a scalar field observable in QFT?
Are Neutron stars transparent?
Your Mass is NOT from Higgs Boson
Why can&#39;t supersonic planes &quot;just fly higher&quot; to go faster while maintaining cost?
Does the existence of Higgs imply the existence of Magnetic Monopoles?
How does a sponge &quot;suck&quot; up water against gravity?
Gauge fields -- why are they traceless hermitian?
Is the Ground State in QM Always Unique? Why?
Can the Hubble constant be measured locally?
Why doesn&#39;t my house get misty?
Does a magnetically suspended frog feel weightless?
Accidental, unplanned breakthroughs in physics
Can matter really fall through an event horizon?
Isn&#39;t gravity non-local and non-causal?
What is so special about speed of light in vacuum?
Why isn&#39;t absolute $0 K$ temperature possible?
Why are Only Real Things Measurable?
Why Cronin Effect Happens?
How can space and time arise from nothing?
Why does a star collapse under its own gravity when the gravity at its centre is zero?
What would happen to wet laundry in the vacuum of space?
Classical and quantum probabilities in density matrices
Why do speed skaters use their right hand to accelerate?
Best Sets of Physics Lecture Notes and Articles
Is there a limit to acceleration?
What is potential energy truly?
Is the flow of time regular?
Why doesn&#39;t breath condense around poop of flies on the window&#39;s glass?
Soliton Moduli Spaces and Homotopy Theory
How fast would a truck have to go to pull a pedestrian onto the road?
The Lagrangian as a metric
Why isn&#39;t jumping from a high altitude fatal?
Wouldn&#39;t angular momentum of a binary star system decrease?
What is charge?
What&#39;s the physical meaning of the imaginary component of impedance?
What happens in a car crash?
Global Properties of Spacetime Manifolds
Where&#39;s the missing helium in the Universe?
How intense a magnetic field would it take to keep an hypothetical iron-made moon orbiting around it?
Why do we need high energy to explore small dimensions?
Why does my infrared thermometer say the sky is at -2 &#176;C?
Does a man on the moon experience day?
Are the fast axes on Thorlabs quarter-waveplates mislabeled?
Why do bubbles make a sound?
Pool in a submarine
Why is Huygens&#39; principle only valid in an odd number of spatial dimensions?
Is the Standard Model consistent (UV complete)?
Is the Big Bang defined as before or after Inflation?
Why do I always hear remote train horn at night?
How to tell that the electromagnetic field tensor transforms as a tensor?
Why do electrons in an atom occupy only the stationary states?
A Theorem Due to Hodge: Hawking/Ellis
Is there any antimatter that exists as atoms?
Topology of phase space
How fast would someone have to run to travel vertically up a wall?
What is the entropy of a pure state?
How does the concept of a &quot;black body&quot; make any sense?
Why is stress a tensor quantity?
What was the entropy of the universe at the time of the Big Bang?
Could we make things out of newly discovered particles?
What happens before a radioactive element decays?
Zero velocity, zero acceleration?
Is it possible to watch the same distant star&#39;s supernova event twice?
Does leaning (banking) help cause turning on a bicycle?
What are good mechanics experiments for 10 year olds?
Would it help if you jump inside a free falling elevator?
Is energy really conserved?
Is the G2 Lie algebra useful for anything?
Swimming in Spacetime - apparent conserved quantity violation
Can a superconducting wire conduct unlimited current?
What&#39;s the difference between helicity and chirality?
How can you focus sound?
Why is the mapped universe shaped like an hourglass?
Deriving the speed of the propagation of a change in the Electromagnetic Field from Maxwell&#39;s Equations
What reasons are there to suspect string theory may be an incorrect theory?
Is time travel possible? Is it possible to go back in time?
Electrons faster than speed of light
How long will the Universe&#39;s hydrogen reserves last for?
Shine a light into a superconductor
Energy conservation in General Relativity
What is the difference between thermodynamics and statistical mechanics?
What is the symmetry which is responsible for conservation of mass?
Shape of the universe?
What is a resonating valence bond (RVB) state?
Has the black hole information loss paradox been settled?
Does any particle ever reach any singularity inside the black hole?
Popular depictions of electromagnetic wave: is there an error?
Is the Planck length Lorentz invariant?
How to avoid getting shocked by static electricity?
Significance of the second focus in elliptical orbits
&quot;Velvet way&quot; to Grassmann numbers
How Non-abelian anyons arise in solid-state systems?
Arguments for and against Many Worlds?
Why are Saturn&#39;s rings so thin?
What is the electric field generated by a spinning magnet?
Does GR provide a maximum electric field limit?
Is it possible to work on physics independently outside academia?
Energy conservation and interference
Why there&#39;s a whirl when you drain the bathtub?
How many qubits are needed for useful computation?
What is the definition of how to count degrees of freedom?
How can I understand counterintuitive units like $\text{s}^2$?
Does the Unruh effect violate Mach&#39;s principle?
Is Shor&#39;s algorithm a demonstration of the many worlds interpretation?
Home-made lattice calculation?
Why does the road look like it&#39;s wet on hot days?
Are all electrons identical?
When is the Hamiltonian of a system not equal to its total energy?
What does a frame of reference mean in terms of manifolds?
Particle physics plots
How Earth communicates with Voyager I?
Why does the weighing balance restore when tilted and released
Home experiments to measure the RPM of a pedestal fan without special equipment?
What is the physical significance of dot &amp; cross product of vectors? Why is division not defined for vectors?
How is the Saddle point approximation used in physics?
How strong of magnetic field would noticibly attract a person?
Why does my refrigerator door resist opening?
Can two spaceships go fast enough to pass straight through each other?
Why doesn&#39;t water come out of tap/faucet at high pressure when I turn it on?
Good book on the history of Quantum Mechanics?
Why can&#39;t General Relativity be written in terms of physical variables?
What is the physical meaning of a &quot;complete&quot; Hilbert space in QM?
Deriving the Lagrangian for a free particle
Macroscopic laws which haven&#39;t been derived from microscopic laws
Is the Avogadro&#39;s constant equal to one?
What exactly is the difference between advection and convection?
What is the probability that a star of a given spectral type will have planets?
What is meant when it is said that the universe is homogeneous and isotropic?
Why does each celestial object spin on its own axis?
What open-source n-body codes are available and what are their features?
Are the Voyager probes still sending us a signal ?
Is there evidence of a larger universe?
Why do we always see the same side of the Moon?
Telescope for 6 year old and dad new to astronomy
Has everything we see happened in the past?
Do all the individual stars that we can see in the night sky belong to Milky Way?
Why are spacecraft made to &quot;spin&quot; after launch?
What percent of planets are in the position that they could be viewed edge-on from Earth? (and thus able to undergo transits)
Given that matter cannot escape a black hole, how did the big bang produce the universe we see today?
How far would you need to displace your eyes to get meaningful depth perception of the stars?
What if our Sun were located in the middle of a globular cluster?
What is Hawking radiation and how does it cause a black hole to evaporate?
Why Aren&#39;t Saturn&#39;s Rings Clumping into Moons?
Why is Jupiter so sharply defined?
Counting complete sets of mutually unbiased bases composed of stabilizer states
6d Massive Gravity
What Hermitian operators can be observables?
Applications of Geometric Topology to Theoretical Physics
Sampling typical clusters between distant points in subcritical percolation
Phase Transition in the Ising Model with Non-Uniform Magnetic Field
Why isn&#39;t the Gear predictor-corrector algorithm for integration of the equations of motion symplectic?
Calculating correlation functions of exponentials of fields
Which CFTs have AdS/CFT duals?
Monte Carlo integration over space of quantum states
Do Gauge Theories (CFTs) Have Phase Transitions as the &#39;t Hooft Coupling is Varied?
How is the logarithmic correction to the entropy of a non extremal black hole derived?
Would time freeze if you could travel at the speed of light?
PhD Research Areas in String Theory
Does the mass of a battery&#39;s change when charged/discharged?
Reversing gravitational decoherence
Why and how will we be able to image extraterrestrial planets in the next two decades?
What is the physical meaning of the action in Lagrangian mechanics?
What came first, Rice Crispy or &quot;Snap,&quot; &quot;Crackle,&quot; and &quot;Pop&quot;?
Reading list in topological QFT
Why does no physical energy-momentum tensor exist for the gravitational field?
Does the axiom of choice appear to be &quot;true&quot; in the context of physics?
Does Fire Conduct Electricity? Why?
Multi-loop beta function of gauge theory (*without* Feynman diagrams)
Why isn&#39;t temperature measured in units of energy?
Why can&#39;t there be a trap door under nuclear reactors in case of meltdown?
Optical equivalent of a superconductor
Limitations on how far one can travel in the universe
Is there some way to narrow down the Leidenfrost point for water?
Is the normal force a conservative force?
In QFT, why does a vanishing commutator ensure causality?
Spontaneous breaking of Lorentz invariance in gauge theories
Why does string not wick down?
I don&#39;t understand what we really mean by voltage drop
Can light waves cause beats?
Why on-shell vs. off-shell matters?
Equation describing magnetic hysteresis
Classical results proved using quantum mechanics
Infrared-free QED and Higgsless standard model phenomenology
Modelling the movement and jumps of a chalk while drawing a dashed line on a blackboard
Does relativistic mass have weight?
Is period of rotation relative?
Discreteness of set of energy eigenvalues
Difference between $\Delta$, $d$ and $\delta$
Origin of Ladder Operator methods
Is Biot-Savart law obtained empirically or can it be derived?
What is the evidence for the super-rotation of Earth&#39;s inner core?
Fundamental Representation of $SU(3)$ is a complex representation
Why is it often assumed that particles are found in energy eigenstates?
Are these sunglass lenses linearly polarized or what?
Why do clouds form in lumps?
GHz rate single photon counting
Newtonian gravity from the holographic principle?
Fundamental question about the Buckingham $\pi$ theorem (dimensional analysis)
Why doesn&#39;t the no-cloning theorem make lasers impossible?
How did Newton discover his third law of motion?
Do low frequency sounds really carry longer distances?
Is the flatness of space a measure of entropy?
Is the total energy of earth changing with time?
Do accelerated charges radiate or not?
How would neutron matter appear to the naked eye?
about the Atiyah-Segal axioms on topological quantum field theory
What does a $SU(2)$ doublet really mean?
What is the conclusion from Aharonov-Bohm Effect?
How can stars make up 0.5% of whole universe?
What are functions of a complex variable used for in physics?
Is there any way to annihilate matter without the use of anti-matter?
Are there forces which do not involve a change in momentum?
Explicit supersymmetry breaking fermion mass terms
Equivalence between Hamiltonian and Lagrangian Mechanics
Would you see a rainbow from refraction when the sun is in front of you?
Chirality, helicity and the weak interaction
What&#39;s the relationship between $SL(2,\mathbb{C})$, $SU(2)\times SU(2)$ and $SO(1,3)$?
Can He-4 atoms create black holes?
How can a star emit light if it is in Plasma state?
Why isn&#39;t it $E \approx 27.642 \times mc^2$?
Alternatives to electromagnetism for communication?
Why do turbine engines work?
Is darkness really light?
Why does one get an illusion as moon following him?
Uncertainty principle - momentum so precise that uncertainty of position is outside light-cone?
Why is the computer useful if a chaotic system is sensitive to numeric error?
Is the frequency of light restricted?
Quantum symmetries that are not classical symmetries
Is it possible to 3D print a mirror to create a high quality telescope?
NASA&#39;s &quot;Impossible&quot; Space Engine
A Sphere of Black Holes
Can someone please qualitatively explain unitary group from a physics perspective?
What problems with Electromagnetism led Einstein to the Special Theory of Relativity?
The natural metric of a phase space and the Lyapunov exponent
Why is the shape of lightning or an electric spark a zig-zag line?
Does gravity affect magnetism, vice-versa, or do they &quot;ignore&quot; each other?
Underdetermined forces in a statics problem
What mechanism is responsible for the creation of these dunes on Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko?
Which hemisphere am I on?
How would one detect antihydrogen in the universe?
How is anything *not* ultimately a position measurement?
Does anyone know the mechanism behind this double helix cloud formation?
When passed, why does my car &#39;rock&#39; on the highway when I&#39;m stopped, but not when I&#39;m moving?
What is the most compelling evidence of General Relativity in the presence of matter and energy?
Difference between spin and polarization of a photon
What is &quot;special&quot; and what is &quot;general&quot; in Relativity?
Why are electromagnetic waves not able to pass through a hole with a diameter smaller than the wavelength?
Does the diffracted electron radiate photons?
Throwing an object around the Earth. Is it possible?
How to experimentally reconstruct Maxwell&#39;s equations from scratch
Meaning of an image on Feynman&#39;s shirt
&quot;Reality&quot; of EM waves vs. wavefunction of individual photons - why not treat the wave function as equally &quot;Real&quot;?
Why is the bottom part of a candle flame blue?
How much do we float in atmosphere?
Why is Terahertz radiation so hard to generate?
When heat is applied to the top of a stack of pennies, why does the bottom penny melt first?
Bell in a vacuum, where does the sound energy go?
Can quaternion math be used to model spacetime?
Why doesn&#39;t the evening/morning sun feel much hotter on your face?
Speed of neutrinos
Would wearing clothing that is black on the inside and white on the outside keep you cooler?
What is a general definition of impedance?
Mathematics of AdS/CFT
Particle wavefunction and gravity
Why can&#39;t CO$_2$ mix back with the liquid after a soda bottle has been shaken?
Is kinetic energy a relative quantity? Will it make inconsistent equations when applying it to the conservation of energy equations?
Searching books and papers with equations
Nonlinear optics as gauge theory
Can a web community write papers?
Where is the Atiyah-Singer index theorem used in physics?
If the observable universe were compressed into a super massive black hole, how big would it be?
How does a photon travel through glass?
Is colour, as represented using primary colours, accurate only to humans?
Condensed matter application of AdS/CFT
Ring theory in physics
Aspherical lenses
The exchange of photons gives rise to the electromagnetic force
Why do rockets have multiple stages?
Why the vacuum polarization does not decrease the speed of light?
Why do leptons and quarks mix?
Vortex in liquid collects particles in center
What is the world&#39;s biggest Schrodinger cat?
Is there a maximum possible acceleration?
Virtual photon description of B and E fields
Why were space physicists wrong about the location of the heliopause?
Newton&#39;s Bucket
Is the S-Matrix the only quantum field observable?
How to explain the weak force to a layman?
Why $F=ma$ and not $F=m\dot{a}$?
Can a single classical particle have any entropy?
Why two objects get charged by rubbing?
Why do physicists believe that there exist magnetic monopoles?
What is the need for the Higgs mechanism and electroweak unification?
What are the alternatives to the Higgs mechanism?
How slow is a reversible adiabatic expansion of an ideal gas?
Graphene and Klein bottle?
What are the uses of Hopf algebras in physics?
Are elementary particles ultimate fate of black holes?
How to calculate the upper limit on the number of days weather can be forecast reliably?
Matter-Antimatter Asymmetry in Experiments?
Does hot air really rise?
Acceleration in special relativity
Long time deviations from exponential decay in radioactivity
&quot;Speed&quot; of Gravity and Speed of Light
Since radioactive material decays how is it possible that there is any left after 4.5 billion years?
How can there be net linear momentum in a static electromagnetic field (not propagating)?
How much is quantum computation changing the interpretation of quantum theory, and, if at all, how?
Brachistochrone problem in general relativity
Phase shifts in scattering theory
Einstein&#39;s box - unclear about Bohr&#39;s retort
Are there examples in classical mechanics where D&#39;Alembert&#39;s principle fails?
What is the current status of the anomalous  muon magnetic moment?
115 GeV, 170 GeV, and the noncommutative standard model
What is the Physical Meaning of Commutation of Two Operators?
Why does the moon drift away from earth?
Would a submarine float in the atmosphere of Jupiter?
Helicopter in an Elevator
Is it pions or gluons that mediate the strong force between nucleons?
The meaning of action
Do quantum states contain exponentially more information than classical states?
What does the ordering of creation/annihilation operators mean?
Double light speed
Can energy be taken out of the QFT vacuum?
How does paper make sound when it is torn?
What is the fundamental reason of the fermion doubling?
Why do nuclear bombs make a mushroom?
The entropic cost of tying knots in polymers
The philosophy behind the mathematics of quantum mechanics
Books that every layman should read
Where the angular momentum has gone?
How come random matrices can predict energy spectra of heavy atoms?
In dimensional analysis, why the dimensionless constant is usually of order 1?
Physics of Focusing a Laser
Why does light change direction when it travels through glass?
What are the details around the origin of the string theory?
Definite Parity of Solutions to a Schr&#246;dinger Equation with even Potential?
Equivalence of canonical quantization and path integral quantization
How are neutrino beams emitted at CERN?
Is Melancholia&#39;s orbit impossible?
Entropy of radiation emitted into space
Does the rotation of the earth dramatically affect airplane flight time?
Energy is actually the momentum in the direction of time?
Does a Weak Energy Condition Violation Typically Lead to Causality Violation?
Difference between 1PI effective action and Wilsonian effective action?
Is there a limit to the resolving power of a mirror telescope?
Can you magnetize iron with a hammer?
QM and Renormalization (layman)
Could LEP II have discovered a 125GeV Higgs?
Wick rotation and spinors
What longest time ever was achieved at holding light in a closed volume?
What is a general definition of the spin of a particle?
Space-time in String Theory
How are newly discovered objects (stars, planets, galaxies...) named?
How do you respond to questions like &quot;Have you ever observed a UFO?&quot;
Is the length of the day increasing?
What is the largest observed celestial body?
If I shine a bright light on a neutron star, what would it look like?
Renormalization in string theory
Topological twists of SUSY gauge theory
SuperHiggs Mechanism on different Backgrounds &amp; Compactifications
Local Fermionic Symmetry
Decoherence and measurement in NMR
What is the Holevo-Schumacher-Westmoreland capacity of a Pauli channel?
Possible research implications of proof of John Cardy&#39;s a-theorem in QFT
Physical interpretation of superstrings
Uniqueness of supersymmetric heterotic string theory
Lagrangian for Euler Equations in general relativity
Instanton Moduli Space with a Surface Operator
Normalization of the Chern-Simons level in $SO(N)$ gauge theory
Applications of the Feynman-Vernon Influence Functional
realization of: CFT generating fuction = AdS partition function
Other processes than formal power series expansions in quantum field theory calculations
Quantum memories: What are they?
Status of local gauge invariance in axiomatic quantum field theory
A resource theory of quantum discord?
Backward causality: A question/extension to Ma et al.&#39;s &quot;Experimental delayed-choice entanglement swapping&quot;
Why is exhaling more forceful than inhaling?
Why is a black hole black?
Is there an easy way to show that $x^2-t^2=1/g^2$ for a (relativistic) body undergoing acceleration g?
How to get Planck length
Why is there no dynamics in 3D general relativity?
What is Motivic mathematics and how is it used in physics?
What tree-level Feynman diagrams are added to QED if magnetic monopoles exist?
Why position is not quantized in quantum mechanics?
Relation among anomaly, unitarity bound and renormalizability
How do you start self-learning physics
Bound states in QCD: Why only bound states of 2 or 3 quarks and not more?
Does the speed of light vary in noninertial frames?
$\lambda=\frac{2h}{p}$ instead of $\lambda=\frac{h}{p}$?
Why does a cuboid spin stably around two axes but not the third?
A good, concrete example of using &quot;chaos theory&quot; to solve an easily understood engineering problem?
If gauge symmetries are fake, then why do we care if they are anomalous?
What percentage of the sky is occluded by stars?
Is there a deep reason why springs combine like capacitors?
Tried to do the double slit experiment, failed. Why?
Do intergalactic magnetic fields imply an Open Universe?
From how high could have Felix Baumgartner jumped without disintegrating like a shooting star?
Did Felix Baumgartner produce a sonic boom during his jump?
Chemical reaction as state transition?
Is it possible to travel at precisely the speed of sound?
Is flying really easier on smaller scales?
James Webb Space Telescope&#39;s halo orbit at Lagrange point L2
What is the highest possible frequency for an EM wave?
Intuition for multiple temporal dimensions
How to explain (pedagogically) why there is 4 spacetime dimensions while we see only the 3 spatial dimesions?
Is the time reversed laser really a laser?
Why is Near Field Communication (NFC) range limited to about 20cm?
Octave equivalence: biological or more?
Is Pauli-repulsion a &quot;force&quot; that is completely separate from the 4 fundamental forces?
What is the physical interpretation of the S-matrix in QFT?
Origin of lepton/quark generations?
To which extent is general relativity a gauge theory?
Quantum field theories with asymptotic freedom
Extremal black hole with no angular momentum and no electric charge
The definition of an inertial reference frame in Einstein&#39;s relativity
What causes an aircraft to roll when rudder is applied
How does liquid in a ball affect its rotational acceleration down a ramp?
Can path integrals be used to understand entanglement?
An example which contradict to Newton&#39;s 3rd law?
What is (meant by) a non-compact $U(1)$ Lie group?
What is $\Delta t$ in the time-energy uncertainty principle?
How does a photon experience space and time?
Is the uncertainty principle just saying something about what an observer can know or is it a fundamental property of nature?
Why one-dimensional strings, but not higher-dimensional shells/membranes?
Do mankind and manmade activities/constructions have any effect on the rotation of the Earth?
Difference between theoretical physics and mathematical physics?
What is the mystery of turbulence?
What really are superselection sectors and what are they used for?
Gauge invariance and diffeomorphism invariance in Chern-Simons theory
Why does the speed of light $c$ have the value it does?
How to tackle &#39;dot&#39; product for spin matrices
What is the mathematical reason for topological edge states?
What does the sum of two qubits tell about their correlations?
Why does the Boltzmann factor $e^{-E/kT}$ seem to imply that lower energies are more likely?
What is the current state of research in quantum gravity?
Can we measure an electromagnetic field?
What do people actually mean by &quot;rolling without slipping&quot;?
Is the meander ratio of a river $= \pi$?
Noether charge of local symmetries
Born rule for photons: it works, but it shouldn&#39;t?
Why is Standard Model + Loop Quantum Gravity usually not listed as a theory of everything
Can one black hole suck in another black hole?
What are the local covariant tensors one can form from the metric?
How should I clean a part before installing it in a vacuum system?
A water pipe from sea level to beyond the atmosphere
Why don&#39;t planets have Circular orbits?
How is graphene a 2D substance?
How small can you be and still hear?
Why does nonlinearity in quantum mechanics lead to superluminal signaling?
Why planes have propellers in front but watercraft have them behind?
Current status of Penrose-Hawking &quot;thunderbolts?&quot;
Proof that Our Planet is 1D
First and second order phase transitions
Can we quantize Aristotelian physics?
Does this type of phase transition exist?
How Come gravity doesn&#39;t affect itself?
Why are all force particles bosons?
Can the magnetic lines of force of two or more magnets intersect each other?
Can a discrete dynode mass spec detector get &quot;tired?&quot;
Is the &quot;Doctor Who&quot; spacetime affected by Hawking&#39;s chronology protection mechanism?
Dark matter and SO(10) grand unification
Is it only the Higgs field that stops me from getting to $c$?
Why is there no permittivity-type constant for gravitation?
Euclidean derivation of the black hole temperature; conical singularities
Can we &quot;trivialize&quot; the equivalence between canonical quantization of fields and second quantization of particles?
Winter solstice, sunrise and sunset time
How does one measure space-like geodesics? Or: What is the physical interpretation of space-like geodesics?
What is the physics of a spinning coin?
Interpretation of &quot;transition rate&quot; in Fermi&#39;s golden rule
Physics the Why vs. How question?
How to freeze the Niagara waterfalls?
How is it possible that quantum phenomenons (e.g. superposition) are possible when all quantum particles are being constantly observed?
What is the current physical theory of what causes the &#39;Morning Glory&#39; roll cloud over Northern Australia?
Looking for the actual reason of refraction explained precisely without analogies
How to prove that a spacetime is maximally symmetric?
Is there a general law for physics?
Why is it easier to break a tightened or stretched string than a loose one?
Why is QM maximally predictive?
First-order wave equation: Why is its presence not common?
Why is the Symmetry Group for the Electroweak force $SU(2) \times U(1)$ and not $U(2)$?
Phase factors under rotations of strong and weak isospin
Suggested reading for quantum field theory in curved spacetime
Would an airplane flying through superfluid helium experience lift and drag?
What makes now special?
Self-dual Maxwell equations, the second homology group, and topological invariants of a four manifold
Noether&#39;s theorem and gauge symmetry
What limitations are there in measuring physical properties accurately?
Force as change in momentum vs. change in velocity
Spallation neutron generation and pure U-238 reactors
Why do all elements above $\require{mhchem}\ce{Fe}$ not decay to $\ce{Fe}$?
What are the alternative theories of dark energy? ($w \neq -1$)
O(N) sigma model at large N
what is this force that is able to surpass an entire planet&#39;s force on it?
Car headlights glass - why such uneven shape/texture?
Is speed of light and sound rational or irrational in nature?
Is the future already determined?
As the universe expands, the wavelengths of photons are stretched, and energy is lost. What about electrons?
Determine if Theory is Unitary from Lagrangian
Why doesn&#39;t a tied balloon behave like a pendulum?
List of known universality classes
How Earth protected from the gamma rays generated by Sun?
What is the theoretical lower mass limit for a gravitationally stable neutron star?
Doesn&#39;t entropy increase backwards in time, too?
Coulomb&#39;s Law in the presence of a strong gravitational field
Interpretation of a singular metric
Wave/particle-duality as result of taking different limits of a QFT
Connections between classical mechanics and quantum mechanics
Which ball falls faster, the cool one or the hot one?
Unfurling a toilet paper roll in the ISS
Are &quot;echo&quot; explosions near Earth realistic?
What is a reasonably accurate but simple model of the Milky Way&#39;s gravitational field?
Why is spacetime not Riemannian?
Why does my fireplace shoot flames out the front until I open my backdoor?
What is a Manifold?
In an electron-positron annihilation, in what direction are the photons released?
Is $0\,\mathrm{m}$ dimensionless?
Does it take more energy to open a door when applying force close to the hinge?
Where do magnets get the energy to repel?
Is quantum entanglement mediated by an interaction?
Book about classical mechanics
What are some useful ways to imagine the concept of spin as it relates to subatomic particles?
How are the northern lights produced?
Software for physics calculations
The Many Body problem
What are the most fundamental assumptions of quantum mechanics?
Is it possible to project a magnetic field at a location in space?
How to sail downwind faster than the wind?
A water drop in vacuum
What&#39;s keeping us from simply redefining Avogadro&#39;s Number / the Mole as a definite integer?
Waves in water always circular
How efficient is an electric heater?
Why are quark types known as flavors?
Coulomb force in SI and cgs
Theoretical Physics - How to?
How can one find the energy eigenfunctions of a particle in a finite square well via the Klein-Gordon equation?
Can magnets rotate infinitely?
Does &#39;electricity&#39; have mass? Is &#39;electricity&#39; tangible?
Why are materials that are better at conducting electricity also proportionately better at conducting heat?
What is the difference which leads to attraction in e+e- scattering and repulsion in e-e- scattering in QFT
Tesla&#39;s theory of gravity
Best (most realistic) physics game?
Did time exist before the creation of matter in the universe?
Is randomness deterministic?
Do high/low pass lenses exist?
The final death of a black hole
What is the conserved quantity of a scale-invariant universe?
If two ultra-relativistic billiard balls just miss, will they still form a black hole?
Can spacetime be non-orientable?
Why is a plastic bag transparent in infrared light?
Shape of the Higgs branching ratio to ZZ
Age of the Earth and the star that preceded the Sun
What is the net charge of the Earth?
Meaning of the anti-commutator term in the uncertainty principle
Experimental evidence of a fourth spatial dimension?
What does John Conway and Simon Kochen&#39;s &quot;Free Will&quot; Theorem mean?
Are we living in a false vacuum? Is there any way to tell?
Can pure maths create new theories in physics or does the &quot;idea&quot; ALWAYS come before the math?
trying to understand Bose-Einstein Condensate (BEC)
Why is there a search for an exchange particle for gravity?
Is there any way to distinguish experimentally gauge mediation from gravity mediation in an unambiguous way?
Spinning Tachyons
References about rigorous thermodynamics
What happens when a black hole and an &quot;anti-black-hole&quot; collide?
Electricity takes the path of least resistance?
Why are so many condensed matter phenomena so dependent upon impurities?
Why is there a breakdown in Kolmogorov scaling in turbulence?
When lasers are used to cool atoms or ions, etc where does the heat go?
dynamic casimir effect
What is Euler Density?
Phonons in non-crystalline media
How do we know that some radioactive materials have a half life of millions or even billions of years?
Perturbation theory with degeneracy even after 1st order
Online physics collaboration tools
Beginners questions concerning Conformal Field Theory
An unfamiliar way of writing supersymmetry transformations
Vasiliev gravity and &quot;holographic&quot; entanglement
Why can&#39;t light escape from a classical black hole?
Why do all the planets of the solar system orbit in roughly the same 2D plane?
How often does nuclear fusion occur within the human body?
How do I correctly interpret $\rho = \psi_1^* \psi_2$?
Why is the contribution of a path in Feynmans path integral formalism $\sim e^{(i/\hbar)S[x(t)]}$
jumping into water
What exactly is meant by the &quot;Gaussianity&quot; of CMBR?
Discontinuities and nondifferentiability in thermodynamics
Is there a fundamental reason why gravitational mass is the same as inertial mass?
Why is there a flux of radiation in the Hawking effect but not in the Unruh effect? (and other questions)
Making symmetry between E and B fields manifest in Lagrangian
Protons&#39; repulsion within a nucleus
Why does gravity need to be quantised?
Can the speed of light become complex inside a metamaterial?
What does it mean to say that the electron is a near-perfect sphere?
Will the night sky eventually be bright?
What does it mean that the neutral pion is a mixture of quarks?
Alejandro Rivero&#39;s correspondence: diquarks and mesons as superpartners of quarks and leptons
Hydrogen as a fuel in Sun
Is spacetime simply connected?
Solving Schr&#246;dinger&#39;s equation with Crank-Nicolson method
Why is electricity not transmitted wirelessly?
Feynman diagrams in effective theories
What are the mathematical problems in introducing Spin 3/2 fermions?
Examples where an ill-behaved function leads to surprising results?
So, no Higgs boson then?
Is there a way to directly observe the spin texture of the surface states of topological insulators?
Cleaning Already Mounted Microspheres on an AFM
How long does a permanent magnet remain a magnet?
Distribution of Dark Matter around galaxies
What is the difference between electric potential, potential difference (PD), voltage and electromotive force (EMF)?
Could this model have soliton solutions?
What are some predictions from string theory that say some crystalline materials &quot;will end up in one of many lowest-energy ground states?&quot;
Hypercharge for $U(1)$ in $SU(2)\times U(1)$ model
Can there be black light? I mean is it possible to devise a machine that outputs darkness?
What objective criteria distinguish between valid science, fringe science and pseudoscience in physics?
Is the spring constant k changed when you divide a spring into parts?
units and nature
Is it possible to recover Classical Mechanics from Schr&#246;dinger&#39;s equation?
What are bootstraps?
How does gravity work underground?
What exactly is a quantum of light?
Deterministic quantum mechanics
Does the scientific community consider the Loschmidt paradox resolved? If so what is the resolution?
Does the Banach-Tarski paradox contradict our understanding of nature?
Thermodynamics of supercooled water
How would a black hole power plant work?
Occurrence of turbulences in Fluid Dynamics from the equations of motion?
Do particles have different spins in different frames of reference?
How do we know that nonperturbative canonical quantum gravity is wrong?
What is the proof that the universal constants ($G$, $\hbar$, $\ldots$) are really constant in time and space?
Does it take significantly more fuel to fly a heavier airplane?
Bell&#39;s theorem and why nonlocality is problematic
A simple pendulum moving at a relativistic speed - how does the period change?
Why don’t photons interact with the Higgs field?
Is there an upper frequency limit to ultrasound?
What are the limitations of the superspace formalism?
Is the energy conserved in a moving frame of reference?
Will an emf be induced across the ends of a stationary metal rod placed in a time-varying magnetic field?
Which is the strongest meteor shower expected in the next years in the Northern hemisphere?
What is the most distant object from the Earth that a spacecraft has visited to date?
Does Earth have a code name?
How does a comet form?
What is the current status of Pluto?
Can we observe changes in the fine-structure constant?
Is there evidence of dark matter in our galaxy?
If neutrinos travel faster than light, how much lead time would we have over detecting supernovas?
Anti-Matter Black Holes
How are interplanetary trajectories found?
Is it safe to observe the sun through binoculars with welding glass in front?
Is the moon a planet?
Why are binary objects so critical to astronomy?
Near-Earth supernova
How do we determine the mass of a black hole?
The Moon during the day
Minimal strings and topological strings
Random Walk Randomly Reflected
Literature on fractal properties of quasicrystals
What is a &quot;free&quot; non-Abelian Yang-Mill&#39;s theory?
Instantons, anomalies, and 1-loop effects
Covariant derivatives
Hypersingular Boundary Operator in Physics
Relationship between Weak Cosmic Censorship and Topological Censorship
Super Lie-infinity algebra of closed superstring field theory?
Visualization of 1D spin chain wave fuction
Holographic Renormalization in non-AdS/non-CFT
How to interpret vacuum instability of Higgs potential
Are possible gauge fields in a Lagrangian theory always determined by the structure of the charged degrees of freedom?
Rigorous proof of Bohr-Sommerfeld quantization
Numerical Analysis of Elliptic PDEs
Boundary conditions / uniqueness of the propagators / Green&#39;s functions
Entanglement in time
Explicit construction for unitary extensions of CPTP maps?
How much of the Capelli-Itzykson-Zuber ADE-classification of su(2)-conformal field theories can one see perturbatively?
black hole no-hair theorems vs. entropy and surface area
Superconductivity reasons (Intutitive)
Does string theory have a notion of vacuum?
What would happen if the Earth was tidally locked with the Sun?
Adding 3 electron spins
Why does spin have a discrete spectrum?
Is this a quaternion representation of the equations of motion of General Relativity?
Do any naked-eye stars have planets
Why isn&#39;t light scattered through transparency?
Why is paper more frangible when it is wet?
How does the Higgs Boson gain mass itself?
What does QFT &quot;get right&quot; that QM &quot;gets wrong&quot;?
Why does vibration loosen screws?
Is there some connection between the Virial theorem and a least action principle?
How do you simulate chiral gauge theories on a computer?
What exactly does the holographic principle say?
Anti particles: What exactly is inverted?
What happens when a photon hits a mirror?
Is a 1D vector also a scalar?
How can we define BF theory on a general 4-manifold?
What is the easiest way to stop a star?
Conformal transformation/ Weyl scaling are they two different things? Confused!
Does special relativity make magnetic fields irrelevant?
Why $\log \rho$ in the continuity equation?
Einstein&#39;s special relativity beyond the speed of light
Is the total energy of the universe constant?
Is the statistical interpretation of Quantum Mechanics dead?
What accounts for the discrepancies in my calculations of year lengths?
Can any rank tensor be decomposed into symmetric and anti-symmetric parts?
Quantum uncertainty of particle falling in black hole
Does a wing in a potential flow have lift?
The Four-Clock Special Relativity Conundrum
Is diffraction affected by interaction between photons and electrons?
How can two time theories be compactified to 3+1 without any Kaluza-Klein remnants
Usage of helium in MRIs
Cascade in relativistic turbulence
Schrodinger&#39;s equation (explanation to non physicist)
Simple explanation of Quantum Zeno Effect
What is the weight equation through general relativity?
Does the amount of gravitational potential energy in the universe increase as it expands?
Do modern Formula One cars produce enough down-force to drive upside-down?
Does the future already exist? If so, which one?
Relationship between Mars and Earth rotation
Dimension of Dirac $\gamma$ matrices
Can someone please explain magnetic vs electric fields?
Is it possible to reproduce Double-slit experiment by myself at home?
Radio-dating and the age of the earth
Why do irrelevant operators require infinitely many counterterms?
A formal procedure for thermodynamic relations
Why is AC more &quot;dangerous&quot; than DC?
What is the difference between the properties of Electron spin and Photon polarization/helicity?
$\beta^+$ decay
Maximum delay for effective active noise cancelling?
Supersymmetric Noether theorem and supercurrents -- invariance requirements
Why are alpha particles such a prominent form of radiation and not other types of nucleon arrangement?
Is it possible that 5 planets can revolve around a single star in a single orbit?
The notion of an adiabatic process in thermodynamics -vs- quantum mechanics
How can Ohm&#39;s law be correct if superconductors have 0 resistivity
Trace and adjoint representation of $SU(N)$
Magnetic monopoles
How to understand the emergent special relativity in the superfluid?
Is there a &quot;covariant derivative&quot; for conformal transformation?
What happens in electron-electron collisions?
When are there enough Casimirs?
Is classical electromagnetism a dead research field?
Does an elliptical orbit of a satellite maintain its orientation as the Earth revolves?
Meaning of inner product $\langle \vec{r} | \psi(t)\rangle $
What could magnetic monopoles do that electrically charged particles can&#39;t?
Mars just collided with Earth! A question of eccentricity
Are the Maxwell equations a correct description of the wave character of photons?
How to evaluate this sum of coupling coefficients?
Equivalence Theorem of the S-Matrix
Why can the Euler beta function be interpreted as a scattering amplitude?
Do celestial objects experience drag from the near vacuum of space/does the near vacuum have a mean velocity?
The divergence in QCD Series-- How many are they, and what do they mean?
How do they measure the rotational speed of cricket balls?
Will high power laser penetrate mirror?
What is the relationship between string theory and quantum field theory?
Is it really proper to say Ward identity is a consequence of gauge invariance?
Do topological superconductors exhibit symmetry-enriched topological order?
On a hot day, when it&#39;s cooler outside than in; is it better to put a fan in an open window pointing inwards or outwards?
Time ordering and time derivative in path integral formalism and operator formalism
Compressed Spring Dissolving in Acid
Is there any theory for origination of charge?
How does interference move energy from destructive to constructive regions?
Is there a fundamental limit to the temporal resolution of signals from space?
Why is a hard sphere gas correlated?
Are there any modern textbooks on statistical mechanics which don&#39;t ignore Gibbs&#39; analysis of the microcanonical ensemble?
Why are so many different types of objects white, yet appear gray when they are wet?
How do we know we&#39;ve unified two interactions?
Global Chern-Simons forms and topological gauge theories
Locality in the scattering amplitude
Why are there no particles in conformal theories?
Are Fresnel lenses widely used for solar electricity? If not, why not?
Small oscillations of heavy string
Why don&#39;t we normally see the Higgs boson?
Reconstruction of &quot;wavefunction&quot; phases from $|\psi(x)|$ and $|\tilde \psi(p)|$
What are the fields produced around a current carrying conductor?
Asymptotic symmetry algebra
Operator that describes particle detector
Do primordial background neutrinos orbit in dark matter halos?
Does it make sense to continue searching for dark matter on Earth?
Bekenstein entropy black hole v.s Hawking entropy black hole
Motivation for the use of Tsallis entropy
Fundamental invariants of the electromagnetic field
Is Einstein-Hilbert action the unique action whose variation gives Einstein&#39;s field equations?
Operator-state correspondence in QFT
How to prove $(\gamma^\mu)^\dagger=\gamma^0\gamma^\mu\gamma^0$?
Eigenfunctions of the Runge-Lenz vector
Heisenberg&#39;s uncertainty principle - $ \Delta p $
Is the concept of tensor rank useful in physics?
Is the second law of thermodynamics a fundamental law, or does it emerge from other laws?
What causes multiple colored patches on a wet road?
Does an athlete&#39;s proficiency at luge depend on his mass?
How are symmetries precisely defined?
Why do we assume local conformal transformations are symmetries in 2D CFT
Why am I wrong about how to view gauge theory?
Particle/antiparticle annihilation and entanglement
Effect of linear terms on a QFT
The formal solution of the Schrodinger equation
Where is the &quot;event horizon&quot; on a basketball hoop?
How does the hydrogen atom know which frequencies it can emit photons at?
Is it possible to prove that planets should be approximately spherical using the calculus of variations?
Does wrapping a wet paper towel around a glass bottle really speed up the cooling process?
What are all the lines on a double circuit tower?
In what sense do Goldstone bosons live in the coset?
Spectrum of CMB vs. duration of last scattering
Physical Interpretation of EM Field Lagrangian
Yang-Mills CP violation
Can we divide two vectors?
Do all phases of ice look the same visually?
Would the inside of a black hole be like a giant mirror?
How does a Trumpet loud speaker work?
Is it possible to create matter?
Difference between matrix representations of tensors and $\delta^{i}_{j}$ and $\delta_{ij}$?
Is gravity just electromagnetic attraction?
Conformal/trace anomaly and index theorem
Can a difference in the &quot;speed of time&quot; introduce acceleration?
Gravitational collapse of a photon cloud
Why do I feel cold air in the shower?
What is the percentage of stars that are massive enough to end their lives in a supernova?
Do particles behave like electromagnetic waves?
Why don&#39;t the black holes appear black in color in images of galaxies taken from HST?
Why are magnetic fields so much weaker than electric?
Temperature of a neutron star
Why are objects opaque?
An electron has no known internal structure, does that imply it has an unknown one?
Proof of Loss of Lorentz Invariance in Finite Temperature Quantum Field Theory
Is force a contravariant vector or a covariant vector (or either)?
Positivity for the level of Chern-Simons theory
Is &quot;now&quot; or &quot;the present moment&quot; properly defined in GR?
Why do we fall down when the bicycle slows down?
What is the square root of the Dirac Delta Function?
What is the meaning of a state in QFT?
Why is cooling much harder than heating?
What would we see if we looked at our Solar system from 2,000 light years away with our current technology?
How do tachyons violate causality?
How to prevent water droplets becoming larger on the tip of a nozzle?
Why does my jam often &quot;fall up&quot;?
Why does water appear still near the shore
What keeps electrons on a negatively-charged conductor from leaving?
Why don&#39;t stars have Keplerian orbits?
What was the need for doing experiments to prove quantum entanglement?
Gibbs free energy intuition
Is time travel impossible because it implies total energy in the universe is non-constant over time?
What is meant by the temperature of the CMB?
Can you find the length of a pencil without a ruler or clock?
Why do crystals grow in preferred directions?
Sun in front of horizon after sunset; mirage or reflection?
Is there a simple proof that Kirchhoff&#39;s circuit laws always provide an exactly complete set of equations?
Entanglement, real or just math?
How does anything move?
Why do lines in atomic spectra have thickness? (Bohr&#39;s Model)
Drying clothes with the sun&#39;s heat, without any air
What causes polarised materials to change colour under stress?
Derivation of the centrifugal and coriolis force
How many atoms per light year does light encounter when traversing interstellar space?
Imagine a long bar floating in space. What force does it exert on itself in the middle due to gravity?
Which direction will Coriolis forces deflect a bubble?
How does a steady wind flow generate sound?
Is there a method for differentiating fractional quantum Hall states aside from finding Chern numbers?
A problem inspired by the ice hockey game
Is it possible to separate the poles of a magnet?
If time standard clocks and any memories about the time standard are destroyed, can we recover the time standard again?
How many Onsager&#39;s solutions are there?
What is an effective way to search for post-doc positions in physics?
Why is air invisible?
Formulation of Transformation optics using a Material Manifold
Why are &quot;heavier&quot; particles harder to detect than &quot;lighter&quot; ones?
Why does adding solutes to pure water lower the the specific heat?
What&#39;s the explanation for the Giant Magnetoresistance effect?
What is our location relative to the Big Bang?
Where does matter come from?
Are there any liquids with zero surface tension?
What&#39;s the exact connection between bosonic Fock space and the quantum harmonic oscillator?
How does load affect frequency on the power grid?
How do I calculate the (apparent) gravitational pull with General Relativity?
Is the Fine Stucture constant constant?
Double slit experiment near event horizon
Rotate a long bar in space and get close to (or even beyond) the speed of light $c$
Derivation of Maxwell&#39;s equations from field tensor lagrangian
Big Bang snuffed by a black hole?
Evidence for black hole event horizons
What is the difference between complex field and two scalar fields?
Binary Black Hole Solution of General Relativity?
Why is stringless supergravity not considered by many to be a candidate theory of quantum gravity?
Do Category Theory and/or Quantum Logic add value in physics?
What is the name of the principle saying it is meaningless to talk/ask questions that can not be measured/tested?
Basic mechanics problems, unsolvable by brute-force numerical integration
Why beauty is a good guide in physics?
Treatment of boundary terms when applying the variational principle
Is there a relativistic (quantum) thermodynamics?
What is a D-brane?
Difference between electric field and electric displacement field
What is the historical origin of the term action
Is almost all entropy in our universe entanglement entropy?
Does $E = mc^2$ apply to photons?
Why are all-Sky images drawn as a filled ellipse?
Why didn&#39;t the control rods in Fukushima shut down the reactor?
Is it possible to define a &quot;it went through two slits&quot; observable?
Why didn&#39;t Newton have a cosmological constant
Why does amount of protons define how matter is?
In superluminal phase velocities, what is it that is traveling faster than light?
Light &quot;diode&quot; and 2nd law of thermodynamics
Quaternions and 4-vectors
If a credit card won&#39;t read when swiped, does wrapping it in plastic actually help and if so, why?
Why does Venus rotate the opposite direction as other planets?
Can GR be derived by postulating a maximum force?
Why can different batteries with the same  voltage send different currents through the same object?
How to model/simulate pressures and flows in a network of pipes
If all conserved quantities of a system are known, can they be explained by symmetries?
How many bits are needed to simulate the universe?
What is the significance of the QCD scale parameter $\Lambda$?
Can a non-Euclidean space be descripted through an Euclidean space of higher dimension? So why use non-Euclidean?
Is dark matter repulsive to dark matter? Why?
How do you explain spinning tops to a nine year old?
What is an observer in quantum mechanics?
Do the laws of physics evolve?
Is there a good chance that gravitational waves will be detected in the next years?
How does reflection work?
Does there exist a free good molecule / atom simulation software?
Explanation of &quot;thermite vs ice&quot; explosion
The measure problem in the anthropic principle
Why are extra dimensions necessary?
How can the Hall effect ever show positive charge carriers?
Number density of LO and LA phonons as a function of temperature?
Does gravitation of a sphere equal gravitation of a point?
how is shown that photon speed is constant using QED?
Can a particle be *physically* observed inside a quantum barrier?
When is the &quot;minus sign problem&quot; in quantum simulations an obstacle?
Does it matter how you order your tug-of-war participants?
Cross-section in relativistic limit: Fermi&#39;s golden rule still valid?
Could cell-phone radiation cause cancer?
How come an anti-reflective coating makes glass *more* transparent?
Quantum entanglement vs classical analogy
How to determine the mass of a quark?
What is the terminal velocity for a mobile phone
argument about fallacy of diff(M) being a gauge group for general relativity
Essential background for QFT study
What&#39;s the difference between gas and plasma?
Stephen Hawking says universe can create itself from nothing, but how exactly?
Why does the air flow faster over the top of an airfoil?
Why must gluinos be spin 1/2 instead of 3/2?
Theorems on instability of classical systems of charged particles?
How do we know that the nucleus isn&#39;t a quark-gluon plasma?
Is solar wind positively charged?
If a Kerr-Newman black hole is like a charged, spinning, heavy magnet, what kind of magnet is it like?
Do stationary states with higher energy necessarily have higher position-momentum uncertainty?
Galilean invariance of Lagrangian for non-relativistic free point particle?
Lagrangian of Schrodinger field
What does it take to understand Maxwell&#39;s equations?
Magnets arranged in a sphere
Charge on Sphere due to Contact with Capacitor
Motivation for Potentials
Consequences of the new theorem in QM?
Why do bass tones travel through walls?
Gauge redundancies and global symmetries
How is causal patch complementarity compatible with behavior during inflation?
What was missing in Dirac&#39;s argument to come up with the modern interpretation of the positron?
Why is it necessary for an object to have a bigger size than the wavelength of light in order for us to see it?
Energy Measurements in a Two Fermion Double Well System
Maxwell in multiple dimensions: What happens to curl?
The square in the Newton&#39;s law of universal gravitation is really a square?
Proof that the One-Dimensional Simple Harmonic Oscillator is Non-Degenerate?
light ray &#39;entropy&#39;
Is the universe finite or infinite?
Where can I find public domain astronomical pictures?
What does f/4.6 mean in a telescope and how important is this value?
Why can we see the cosmic microwave background (CMB)?
How large is the universe?
What is an asterism compared to a constellation?
What is the name of our Galaxy?
Who should I contact if I see an unknown object in the sky?
Why is this radio telescope&#39;s reflector spherical and not parabolic?
How would you describe a black hole to a complete layman?
Why does a black hole have a finite mass?
Can you damage your eyes viewing Venus?
What proportion of a star&#39;s hydrogen is consumed in its life?
Falling into Saturn or Jupiter, would we pass through it until we hit the nucleus?
Why did the june 2011 lunar eclipse last so long?
What are the facts that allow accepting the Oort cloud theory?
Is the observable region of the universe within the event horizon of a super-massive black hole?
How to find the Andromeda galaxy without using a go-to telescope?
Why did the ancients fail to discover that the Earth orbits the Sun?
Is it possible to see satellites with the naked eye?
How dense are nebulae?
Can black holes actually merge?
What will happen if a gamma-ray burst hits the Earth?
What happens to light and mass in the center of a black hole?
Calculations of apparent magnitude
Limitations in using FLEX as a DMFT solver
Principle behind fidelity balance in quantum cloning
Can the CPT theorem be valid if Lorentz invariance is only spontaneously broken?
Gauge invariance for electromagnetic potential observables in test function form
Mathematical Physics Book Recommendation
Some questions on a version of the O&#39;Raifeartaigh model
CHSH violation and entanglement of quantum states
Discussions of the axioms of AQFT
Stabilizer formalism for symmetric spin-states?
Metric interpretation of self-adjoint extensions?
POVMs that do not require enlargement of the Hilbert space
Derivation of the effective potential between a quark and an anti-quark
Equivalence of definitions of ADM Mass
Majorana-like representation for mixed symmetric states?
Higgs Field - Is its discovery truly &quot;around the corner&quot;? 
Solution to the Schrodinger equation for periodically time dependent Hamiltonians
Why is there a $\frac 1 2$ in $\frac 1 2 mv^2$?
Fermi statistics and Berry phase
Apollo and orbital mechanics: orbital decay if the Trans Earth Injection (TEI) burn had failed
Plotting the CMB power spectrum - Why $C_\ell \ell (\ell+1)$ rather than only $C_\ell$?
How large can you make a tokamak?
Why does water pouring from a glass sometimes travel down the side of the glass?
Introduction to string theory
Is there any quantum-gravity theory that has flat space-time and gravitons?
Quasi 1D insulators with strong spin-orbital interaction
Spontaneous Time Reversal Symmetry Breaking?
Higgs Boson mass in Electron volts?
How do photons travel at a speed that should be impossible to attain?
Is there a &quot;map&quot; of the interplanetary transport network?
Why and how is sound produced when two objects hit each other?
Can physics get rid of the continuum?
Can $10^{23}$ stars be treated with methods of statistical mechanics?
Does the uncertainty principle apply to photons?
Why is there an escape velocity?
Is ultradense deuterium real?
Gentle introduction to twistors
What happens when we cut objects?
Is it possible all matter in the universe emerges from nothing?
Why would a fat skydiver fall first in free fall?
How fast would a spaceship have to go to reach Alpha Centauri within a person&#39;s lifetime?
How long will our artifacts last in moon &amp; space?
Capacitance of two almost-touching hemispheres
More than one time dimension
Car accident, put in park or neutral?
Is physics rigorous in the mathematical sense?
At what rate does a rotating black hole lose mass via Hawking Radiation?
Why does a blue sky at dusk appear nearly black through a telescope?
Hawking Radiation as Tunneling
Can we have a black hole without a singularity?
Why does my natural whistle have a maximum volume
Nuclear fusion: what causes this &quot;resonance&quot; peak?
Why do we study the scalar field in QFT when there is no such thing in nature?
What is the farthest-away star visible to the naked eye?
How should a theoretical physicist study maths?
Evaluating propagator without the epsilon trick
What is the &#39;bump&#39; near $M_{\mu\mu}\approx 30\text{ GeV}$
What causes the back of a bike to lift when the front brake is applied?
Witten&#39;s constrained S-matrix and Coleman-Mandula Theorem
What are the &#39;t Hooft papers about classical models underlying QM?
How is the Dirac adjoint generalized?
What is the exact gravitational force between two masses including relativistic effects?
Temperature below absolute zero?
Charge conjugation in Dirac equation
Resistance between two points in an infinite metal sphere/cube
Gravity in other dimensions than 3 and stable orbits
Do an action and its Euler-Lagrange equations have the same symmetries?
Since there are gravitational lenses, are there gravitational mirrors?
Could negative dimension ever make sense?
Why quantum hall effect has chiral edge state?
Quantum dimension in topological entanglement entropy
Whistle Physics
Form of the Classical EM Lagrangian
Using photons to explain electrostatic force
Did Hilbert publish general relativity field equation before Einstein?
Origin of electric charge
What is a dual / cotangent space?
What mechanisms allow conductors to be transparent?
Is Feynman&#39;s explanation of how the moon stays in orbit wrong?
Relativity of Simultaneity
How is it possible the speed of light is not constant?
What is a $p_x + i p_y$ superconductor? Relation to topological superconductors
Effects of a very large magnetic field on the human body
General definition of an event horizon?
Entangled or unentangled?
Strange things about new moon
In the Lennard-Jones potential, why does the attractive part (dispersion) have an $r^{-6}$ dependence?
Is there a way to obtain the classical partition function from the quantum partition function in the limit $h \rightarrow 0$?
What&#39;re the relations and differences between slave-fermion and slave-boson formalism?
What is a sudden singularity?
Can Increasing the Turbulence Inside a Pipeline Economically Increase Flow?
Slinky reverb: the origin of the iconic Star Wars blaster sound
Does a guitar sound different in zero (or micro) gravity?
Resonances in high energy physics
Is the fine-structure constant a parameter of the standard model?
How large can planets or moons appear?
What is the reason why anyons escape spin-statistic theorem?
Unitary quantum field theory
&quot;S-duality&quot; between confinement and the Higgs mechanism?
How fast can time flow? A question of time dilation
No closed orbits for a Newtonian gravitational field in 4 spatial dimensions
Why are they called &quot;cyclic&quot; coordinates?
Where can I find the full derivation of Helfrich&#39;s shape equation for closed membranes?
When are the OPE relevant?
Why are wires in simple circuits approximated as equipotentials?
Ball jumping from water
The secret behind the spinning, asymmetrically weighted, 2D disk-shaped top?
Can we disprove Artificial Gravity (like in the movies) with a thought experiment?
What makes a Lagrangian a Lagrangian?
Can Werner states have bound entanglement?
Thermodynamically possible to hide a Dyson sphere?
Variational Derivation of Schrodinger Equation
What is meant by Vacuum?
Reconciling topological insulators and topological order
Interstellar dust/matter distribution
Is there a proof of existence of time?
Why do we only have complete particle generations?
How do I calculate the distance a ship will take to stop?
Looking at an iPhone through a Polarizer
Why does a cathode have to be heated to emit electrons?
What happens when the black hole at a galactic core eats the galaxy?
How to prolong life of liquid nitrogen in hosehold vacuum flask?
What could explain the measurements that the Methuselah star is older than the universe?
How does the Ward-Takahashi Identity imply that non-transverse photons are unphysical in QED?
With what probability does nuclear fusion occur at energies far below the Coulomb barrier?
Introduction to spinors in physics, and their relation to representations
Why does the classical Noether charge become the quantum symmetry generator?
Which color of an umbrella is more effective against sunlight?
What different approximations yield Gravitoelectromagnetism and Weak Field Einstein Equations?
What is the difference between translation and rotation?
Motivation for preservation of spacetime volume by Lorentz transformation?
There is no such thing as magnetism?
Does every hermitian operator represent a measurable quantity?
Could a mirror array used for thermal solar power plant double as a telescope at night?
The Role of Active and Passive Diffeomorphism Invariance in GR
How does a gas of particles with uniform speed reach the Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution?
Do image charges radiate?
Why do we use operators in quantum mechanics?
How do you prove the second law of thermodynamics from statistical mechanics?
Intuitive understanding of the definition of entropy
The Origins of Instantons from Path Integrals
Why does this perpetuum mobile not work?(Gases and Densities)
What is the CFT dual to pure gravity on AdS$_3$?
single-particle wavepackets in QFT and position measurement
How many bits are encoded on the surface of the smallest black hole?
What happened with Hilbert&#39;s sixth problem (the axiomatization of physics) after G&#246;del&#39;s work?
Are synthetically-produced diamonds as hard as natural diamonds?
The delay between neutrinos and gammas in a supernova, and the absolute mass scale of neutrinos
Throwing a ball upwards in an accelerating train
