How was Japan&#39;s involvement in the Korean war reconciled with Article 9 of the constitution?
Is Scotland a country?
Is Switzerland a republic?
Are there any non-religious arguments against lgbt rights in general and marriage equality in particular? If yes, which ones?
Does a newly elected Member of Parliment in an Australian State need to resign from their prior commitments?
Why are those serving in armed forces prevented from voting in Hong Kong?
How do I create a small advocacy group? Are there any important legal considerations?
Is Tasmanian Style, and Optional Preferential Voting the same thing?
What are the key factors for the rise of nationalism in Europe?
How can the impact of moving the Brazilian capital be analyzed?
What is the timeframe of the Comprehensive agreement on the Iranian nuclear program?
How to keep US airlines competitive at home with foul play from Middle East airlines?
Can you vote in a primary election in California if you will be 17 during the primary, but 18 during the general election?
Freedom of speech in the UK versus United States of America
What Behooves An Individual to Acknowledge a Country?
Can we file RTI against a private college?
Why does the EU keep Turkey out?
Socialist or Capitalist: Who is More Materialistic?
How does the Swiss system for Einb&#252;rgerung (naturalisation) work?
Why is nobody worried about Pakistan&#39;s nuclear program?
Why does Pakistan decide to buy Chinese submarines?
What exactly is the permanent benefit of the agreement with Iran for P5?
Where do the Green Party and NHA differ on NHS policy?
Why do political bodies often sit in semicircles?
Is Greece request of 279 billion euros from Germany in reparations for the Nazi occupation based on solid legal ground?
Are there any existing laws comparable to Quebec&#39;s Bill 20?
Why don&#39;t all states mandate vehicle inspections?
Why does the Israeli Blockade of Gaza cover things other than weapons?
What is the role of Ministers and the Parliamentary Secretaries in Canada?
What would happen if commons and lords votes on bills were made anonymous?
Comment organiser le mouvement anti-aust&#233;rit&#233; qu&#233;b&#233;cois?
1978, nov 7, why not Breshnew spoke?
How did the term &quot;Liberal&quot; become &quot;Progressive&quot;?
How can the war in Yemen influence the nuclear agreement of Iran and the west?
Why did Somalia fail as a state, and what keeps it from coming back?
When immigrating to Germany, does the German government check the immigrant&#39;s criminal record?
How important is God in USA politics?
What modern state has the lowest effective age of consent?
Why is it obligatory to say &quot;republic&quot; in &quot;Czech Republic&quot; and &quot;Dominican Republic&quot;?
How much aid does Palestine receive from the US?
Police(?) taking relics from a church. What is the background?
Is democracy a hegemony?
US Government software and the Freedom of Information Act
What exactly constitutes a &quot;Weapon of Mass Destruction?&quot;
Can a country prosper without a strong industrial production?
Why would an anonymous vote have hurt John Bercow&#39;s chances of being re-elected?
What is the percent of Police Officers that are indicted by a Grand Jury?
Why do people say the Indiana Religious Freedom Act will be used to discriminate against gays?
Did the USA inadvertently help ISIS?
Is there any objective reason why some states can have nuclear weapons but others can&#39;t?
Where, if at all, do statistics exist breaking down votes by race in British general elections?
What is the Benghazi scandal?
Is the $210 trillion fiscal gap measurement valid/true and is it possible to fix it?
What are you allowed to talk about on here?
Why many of the roofs in North Korea are blue?
Right to vote in police custody
Why are gay rights opposed in Japan?
Why does Kaliningrad belong to Russia?
In theory, is it allowed in the Chinese Communist Party to overthrow the president？
Aid to North Korea
Why is Islam the fastest growing religion in Europe?
Number of voters not registered
Are Russia&#39;s current military air maneuvers provocation or business as usual?
Does ISIS really follow Islamic Politics?
Are Internet Companies (Google, twitter, Facebook , ...) affected by sanctions against Iran?
How are the rights of lgbt people secured in a Socialist government?
Is an Anarchosocialist a valid political term?
What is the motivation behind the US I-Visa?
Does Obamacare grant transitional authority to the President?
Why do UK government ministers not vote on backbench motions?
Do parliamentary bodies meet year-round?
Has gun violence decreased in states with open carry laws?
What is the customary international law of transboundary fresh waters?
Will I be restricted to enter some countries if I am potential target for the terrorists?
Does the greek Syriza party have another political program than &quot;renegotiate the debt&quot;?
How reliable / respected are George Friedman / Stratfor&#39;s interpretations of geopolitics?
What are the current non-Westphalian states?
Does this petition regarding the Logan Act have any legal grounds?
Is Kim Jong-un, the Supreme Leader in a dynasty from North Korea, a monarch based on the PolySci definition?
What is the punishment for theft in Egypt?
Why fund the research in pure mathematics?
From where does the ISIS procure weapons?
Do political parties pay for opinion polls?
Are European union member states sovereign?
What is the success / failure ratio of online petitions?
Why don&#39;t signatories of Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances (except Russia) protect Ukraine with force?
Can you cite an example of law written using Big Data
Is it possible for a federated state to be a member of two federations?
Who shovels shit in full communism?
What is being done to stop the weapon supply to ISIS?
In a monarchy, what detemines the title owned by a monarch
Americans and other nationals who have died under U.N. command, broken down by conflict
Does diplomatic immunity allows a Consul to kill someone?
Can Title II reclassification of broadband be used to require ISPs to let competitors use their infrastructure?
Effective ways to prevent hijacking an organisation committee by newcomers
Why did Russia start its aggression against Ukraine after Ukraininan&#39;s 2013-2014 unrest
Why is there few immigration in former communist countries
Why isn&#39;t there a worldwide military dictatorship?
What is the accepted Libertarian defense against despots?
Union Territory also a capital?
How was Japan&#39;s involvement in the Korean war reconciled with Article 9 of the constitution?
Is Scotland a country?
Is Switzerland a republic?
Are there any non-religious arguments against lgbt rights in general and marriage equality in particular? If yes, which ones?
Does a newly elected Member of Parliment in an Australian State need to resign from their prior commitments?
Why are those serving in armed forces prevented from voting in Hong Kong?
How do I create a small advocacy group? Are there any important legal considerations?
Is Tasmanian Style, and Optional Preferential Voting the same thing?
What are the key factors for the rise of nationalism in Europe?
How can the impact of moving the Brazilian capital be analyzed?
What is the timeframe of the Comprehensive agreement on the Iranian nuclear program?
How to keep US airlines competitive at home with foul play from Middle East airlines?
Can you vote in a primary election in California if you will be 17 during the primary, but 18 during the general election?
Freedom of speech in the UK versus United States of America
What Behooves An Individual to Acknowledge a Country?
Can we file RTI against a private college?
Why does the EU keep Turkey out?
Socialist or Capitalist: Who is More Materialistic?
How does the Swiss system for Einb&#252;rgerung (naturalisation) work?
Why is nobody worried about Pakistan&#39;s nuclear program?
Why does Pakistan decide to buy Chinese submarines?
What exactly is the permanent benefit of the agreement with Iran for P5?
Where do the Green Party and NHA differ on NHS policy?
Why do political bodies often sit in semicircles?
Is Greece request of 279 billion euros from Germany in reparations for the Nazi occupation based on solid legal ground?
Are there any existing laws comparable to Quebec&#39;s Bill 20?
Why don&#39;t all states mandate vehicle inspections?
Why does the Israeli Blockade of Gaza cover things other than weapons?
What is the role of Ministers and the Parliamentary Secretaries in Canada?
What would happen if commons and lords votes on bills were made anonymous?
Comment organiser le mouvement anti-aust&#233;rit&#233; qu&#233;b&#233;cois?
1978, nov 7, why not Breshnew spoke?
How did the term &quot;Liberal&quot; become &quot;Progressive&quot;?
How can the war in Yemen influence the nuclear agreement of Iran and the west?
Why did Somalia fail as a state, and what keeps it from coming back?
When immigrating to Germany, does the German government check the immigrant&#39;s criminal record?
How important is God in USA politics?
What modern state has the lowest effective age of consent?
Why is it obligatory to say &quot;republic&quot; in &quot;Czech Republic&quot; and &quot;Dominican Republic&quot;?
How much aid does Palestine receive from the US?
Police(?) taking relics from a church. What is the background?
Is democracy a hegemony?
US Government software and the Freedom of Information Act
What exactly constitutes a &quot;Weapon of Mass Destruction?&quot;
Can a country prosper without a strong industrial production?
Why would an anonymous vote have hurt John Bercow&#39;s chances of being re-elected?
What is the percent of Police Officers that are indicted by a Grand Jury?
Why do people say the Indiana Religious Freedom Act will be used to discriminate against gays?
Did the USA inadvertently help ISIS?
Is there any objective reason why some states can have nuclear weapons but others can&#39;t?
Where, if at all, do statistics exist breaking down votes by race in British general elections?
What is the Benghazi scandal?
Is the $210 trillion fiscal gap measurement valid/true and is it possible to fix it?
What are you allowed to talk about on here?
Why many of the roofs in North Korea are blue?
Right to vote in police custody
Why are gay rights opposed in Japan?
Why does Kaliningrad belong to Russia?
In theory, is it allowed in the Chinese Communist Party to overthrow the president？
Aid to North Korea
Why is Islam the fastest growing religion in Europe?
Number of voters not registered
Are Russia&#39;s current military air maneuvers provocation or business as usual?
Does ISIS really follow Islamic Politics?
Are Internet Companies (Google, twitter, Facebook , ...) affected by sanctions against Iran?
How are the rights of lgbt people secured in a Socialist government?
Is an Anarchosocialist a valid political term?
What is the motivation behind the US I-Visa?
Does Obamacare grant transitional authority to the President?
Why do UK government ministers not vote on backbench motions?
Do parliamentary bodies meet year-round?
Has gun violence decreased in states with open carry laws?
What is the customary international law of transboundary fresh waters?
Will I be restricted to enter some countries if I am potential target for the terrorists?
Does the greek Syriza party have another political program than &quot;renegotiate the debt&quot;?
How reliable / respected are George Friedman / Stratfor&#39;s interpretations of geopolitics?
What are the current non-Westphalian states?
Does this petition regarding the Logan Act have any legal grounds?
Is Kim Jong-un, the Supreme Leader in a dynasty from North Korea, a monarch based on the PolySci definition?
What is the punishment for theft in Egypt?
Why fund the research in pure mathematics?
From where does the ISIS procure weapons?
Do political parties pay for opinion polls?
Are European union member states sovereign?
What is the success / failure ratio of online petitions?
Why don&#39;t signatories of Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances (except Russia) protect Ukraine with force?
Can you cite an example of law written using Big Data
Is it possible for a federated state to be a member of two federations?
Who shovels shit in full communism?
What is being done to stop the weapon supply to ISIS?
In a monarchy, what detemines the title owned by a monarch
Americans and other nationals who have died under U.N. command, broken down by conflict
Does diplomatic immunity allows a Consul to kill someone?
Can Title II reclassification of broadband be used to require ISPs to let competitors use their infrastructure?
Effective ways to prevent hijacking an organisation committee by newcomers
Why did Russia start its aggression against Ukraine after Ukraininan&#39;s 2013-2014 unrest
Why is there few immigration in former communist countries
Why isn&#39;t there a worldwide military dictatorship?
What is the accepted Libertarian defense against despots?
Union Territory also a capital?
How high should political leaders be paid?
But without government, who will take care of the poor?
How objectively do Western and Eastern media report about the current Ukraine crisis?
Can I escape arrest by entering an embassy?
What programs has the US implemented since 2008 to help education in Nigeria?
How would a Marxist classify an entrepreneur that starts their own company?
What is the purpose of political-based movies and games produced/directed/made in the U.S?
How much influence does a threat of military force by the United States have?
Are anarcho-communists territorial?
Was the boston tea party about a tax cut or a tax raise
What is the motivation for felony disenfranchisement?
Power Serves To Create Power
Was the &quot;last caliph&quot; Abdul Mejid just a symbolic caliph with no real power?
Have any systems of direct democracy ever been proposed that are specifically designed to mitigate the problem of &quot;mob rule&quot;?
How can Obama&#39;s free community college plan budget only $60B for 10 years?
What does European Union &quot;freedom of movement&quot; mean, and how much can individual countries restrict intra-EU immigration?
Could the US President and Vice President pull off a swap?
Why is denying global warming associated with conservatives?
Is America really a corporation?
What makes Pakistan so important for US?
What is Liberal Democracy?
Why is ISIS taking hostages?
Are worker cooperatives socialist, capitalist, or their own category?
How do anarchist decision models scale?
How does Anarcho Communism solve the temporal division of labor problem?
If there&#39;s no government, who will stop people from creating one?
How does jizya exactly work in the Islamic State?
Separatists against National Army -&gt; Civil War?
Problem with socialist approach to health care
Why is SSI and SSDI so far below minimum wage?
Has &quot;none of the above&quot; ever been added to a ballot? What was the effect?
What is required for the formation of a separate state/UT in India?
What are the main advantages and disadvantages of sortition?
Is opposition to vaccination correlated with other political beliefs?
Is Ukraine entitled to redress of breach to the Budapest Memorandum?
Why does Iran oppose nuclear inspections?
How can groups make more progress in moving public discourse past denial of anthropogenic climate change?
What does it mean to have a stable government?
What will Egypt use its Rafale fighter aircraft for?
Legality of watching a country&#39;s free local TV Channels abroad
How to explain that Japan and South Korea are democratic but very collectivistic countries?
Some reasons for failure of Uganda&#39;s no-party democracy
Do people who never paid FICA taxes get paid Social Security when they retire?
Why require a stable home country for release from Guantanamo Bay?
Land acquisation act in democracies
Do &quot;wipe off the map&quot; and &quot;erased from the page of time&quot; differ in meaning?
Could the rising US dollar solve Europe’s Economic Woes?
Nationhood of Nepal and Bhutan, in Indian subcontinent
What is involved in Federal Mediation?
External political consequences of a lingua franca
In the Commonwealth realms, who succeeds when a King dies leaving a daughter and a son in-utero?
Why don&#39;t politicians decide to pass laws that make themselves really rich?
What would happen if all of the US states along with the majority of other countries officially recognised the Armenian Genocide?
What are the greatest factors preventing the choice of a an official world auxiliary language?
Where does the $77 a week figure come from
What was Fred Phelps&#39; platform when he stood for election?
What are some programmatic differences between Podemos and Izquerda Unida?
Would Russia actually retaliate against a US led intervention in Ukraine
Scheduling executions in retaliation to terrorist acts
What are consequences for a country, which is sentenced for genocide?
Do CIA have their own jet fighters?
Has the US President ever been denied entry to a foreign country?
How much richer is the average member of the US Congress than the average professional in their district?
The more details in overthrowing Moursi&#39;s regime
What was the name of the court case &quot;The first federal recall election was held on January 14, 2014...&quot;?
Why doesn&#39;t Pakistan establish a diplomatic relationship with Israel?
Is there any age limit to be the Prime Minister of Pakistan in their Constitution?
Why are demonstrations in the EU more violent and massive than in the US?
Why does the United Kingdom still have a monarchy (of some sort)?
What scholars formally describe and operationalize group identity salience?
Why is the US president allowed to grant a pardon
How does direct democracy compare to representative democracy?
Where is the USA&#39;s report on enhanced interrogation techniques located?
Why is India called the biggest democratic country?
How much would basic guaranteed income cost?
What plans do European countries have if Russia closed gas pipelines to them?
Why is there so much fuss about an internet &quot;fast lane&quot; for a privileged few?
Is Wikipedia politically even-handed in its coverage of US cable news channels?
What is Iran&#39;s stance on the UN regulating technology in the field of cyberterrorism?
What, if known, are South Korea&#39;s contingency plans if the North Korea regime suddenly collapses?
Do women and men get paid equally in Canada?
Why is the U.S. Foreign Ministry called &quot;State Department&quot;?
Database of all US federal, state and county elections and candidates
Is the Chinese Communist Party really an autocracy?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of a mandatory voting system?
Are there democratic countries that restrict offensive speech?
What&#39;s the point of having thousands of nuclear missiles?
What does it mean when a party has a mandate?
Guantanamo prison and relationship between the USA and Cuba
Democracies that don&#39;t apply &quot;One vote equals one person&quot;
Which founding fathers supported the first proposed amendment to the Constitution?
Is there any democratic non-secular state?
What is the language of the Swiss national parliament?
Has the Israeli Intelligence, or Army (Mossad, IDF) ever been implicated in human trafficking?
When and why did the President of the French Republic inherit the titles of the King of France?
India - States and Union Territories
What is the difference between Louisiana&#39;s Revised Statutes and Civil Code?
If all the citizens have same rights why some must pay a higher tax rate?
Has a libertarian party ever won a parliamentary election anywhere?
What are the reasons for people to oppose Basic Income Guarantee?
Does the right to freedom of association give private organizations the right to discriminate on a religious basis?
What were the causes of Jewish Question?
Organisations like AI and HRW but more anti-anti-semitic
What is the purpose of the motion to reconsider the vote by which the resolution was agreed to, in the first Senate session?
Why is the German government now in favour of the possibility of Greece leaving the eurozone?
How do you get a City Clerk to open/release the Plain Text Records of Public Meetings?
What does it mean to send a resolution &quot;over, under the rule&quot;?
Why is East Coast being reprivatized?
What&#39;s causing Daesh&#39;s success in recruiting among westerners?
Has Russia damaged its reputation by lying?
Are records of legislative processes publicly available and if so, how does one find their uncut versions?
Why does Russia try to stop Ukraine from approaching to the EU
What are the relevant models and dynamics of immigration and asylum politics?
Is there an optimal size of a parliament?
What is the difference between liberalism and libertarianism?
Population size and the viability of democracy
Why there is so little western coverage of Japan Emperor&#39;s consiliatory tone in his 2015 New Year speech?
Is popularity with the Russian public important for Putin?
Where did all this deficit come from?
LBJ Quote - did he actually say this?
Was there any war Russia has ignited that was NOT explained by its &quot;support&quot; of a newly-created &quot;People&#39;s Republic&quot;?
Why hasn&#39;t North Korea adopted a market economy?
Does social media such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc. play an important role in many upheaval movements?
What is the meaning of the obligation by French Presidents that nuncios wear the biretta?
How are quarrels managed according to anarchism?
How likely is Greece to hold general elections by summer 2015?
Does a ban on political campaigning on the preceding day of polling affect election outcome?
Who are the individuals behind China&#39;s right against self-incrimination initiative?
What factors account for the Republicans election failures in urbanized areas?
Who said that organizations tend over time to become more liberal?
What prevents the president from quitting the job to the vice president?
Can a United States judge register to a political party?
Why do Iran and Saudi Arabia share the same &quot;age of majority&quot;?
Are there any studies that show impact of compulsory voting on outcomes?
Is there any tangible effect of position on same sex marriage for a polititian (as opposed to party affiliation or other policies) among LGBT voters?
What are the objections to federally recognized civil unions as opposed to same sex marriages?
How did House Resolution 367 pass on the same day as introduced without a 2/3 majority?
What is a public office for the purposes of the No Religious Test Clause
How are committees in the Indian Parliament formed?
Why does Rwanda have a high proportion of women in parliament?
Is there a correlation between decentralisation of government and size of public sector?
How could a US Senator be prevented from reading classified information into the record?
Why is the Slave Trade provision of the US Constitution so broad?
Why do republicans oppose S.2569, the Bring Jobs Back Act?
What reforms have successfully avoided the issues of Gerrymandering?
What is the difference between the Chancellor and the President of Germany?
Is there separation of religion and state in Canada?
What caused the sarcastically used title &quot;Minister for Women&quot; to be used against Abbott?
In the United States, what is the difference between a registered and unregistered lobbyist?
What is the &quot;Fiscal Cliff&quot; in the United States?
What challenges remain for online voting?
Who is the last US President to oversee a reduction in debt?
Why is the UK Administration not separate from the house?
Marinetti&#39;s Manifesto Concerning The Ethiopian Colonial War
What caused the racial shift of America&#39;s parties?
Why is Theodore Roosevelt&#39;s time with the Rough Riders seen so positively?
Is it true that Republicans have an unfair geographical advantage in elections for the House of Representatives?
Historically, what media of exchange have been used for trade between Russia and China?
Nationally-mandated term limits for mayors?
What is the nature of the &quot;communist government&quot; that West Bengal had for 34 years?
Maintaining international stability while reducing US military influence
Why doesn&#39;t Pakistan have any strong cooperation with Turkey like China?
Why did UK have Queen instead of King?
Do parliaments exist where the amount of non-voters is represented?
Has Japan&#39;s &quot;Special Secrecy Law&quot; been condemned by the United Nations?
Can the POTUS neuter &quot;advice and consent&quot; by refusing to delegate?
Are the OECD, IMF and the WTO really relevant organizations and what is the price for a country to ignore them?
Controlling Time in the House of Representatives
What is the difference between developed countries and developing countries?
If the US switched to the metric system, what would the net 20-year economic savings be?
With regards to the war on terror, has the United States stopped torturing?
Why United States people seems so adverse to a Public Health system?
Why don&#39;t Black Americans vote Republican?
What are the guarantees that international debt will be payed back ever?
Why didn&#39;t the USA (west) take measures to stop China from became the new superpower while they can?
Is the definition of democracy a non-optimal set of laws?
How does Vermont have independant senators?
Is the UK a republic?
Why can&#39;t I register with multiple political parties?
Do politicians test new policies before executing them?
Devolution in the United Kingdom (or England)
Can the U.S. President force all police officers to wear cameras?
Doesn&#39;t the 14th ammendment gaurantee that anyone can run for president? Not just natural born citizens?
Could President Obama sue &quot;The Right&quot; for Defamation?
Why would a country ever store its gold deposits abroad?
strategically (un)important locations in Europe
Israel&#39;s list of designated terrorist organizations?
Why does Israel build settlements in Palestine?
Are there countries other than Israel where the legislative body often dissolves before its term is up?
Is &quot;exemplary punishment&quot; applicable in modern legal systems?
Pros/Cons of anonymity in a modern democracy?
Does the state has the legal obligation to enforce the law?
Are abenomics failing? Is it working as expected?
Have we already seen the collapses of the stability instability paradox?
Sino-Indian War of 1962
How do particularly large legislative bodies function as compared to small ones?
Can an action by a branch be called &quot;constitutional&quot; without having been challenged in court?
What is the diffence between the President of Germany and Chancellor of Germany?
Would it be possible to &quot;flip the ticket&quot; in American Presidential politics?
In India,how can a non member of parliament become a Cabinet Minister, for how long and for how many terms?
Have past U.S. presidents been as involved in social commentary as the current one?
Would the Clayton Antitrust Act prevent the proposed &quot;Fast Lane&quot; of the internet problem with net neutrality?
Would the Congressional Apportionment Amendment have any effect on the House of Representatives if it were ratified today?
What are the differences between the Tea Party and the Republican Party?
Has the world ever seen pure Communism?
Have any Marxists won the Nobel Prize in the last 50 years?
Has there been a surge in illegal immigration since implementing the DACA?
Does the President have the Constitutional authority to refuse to deport 3-5 million illegal immigrants?
Why are political party memberships public in the US?
Why does the U.S. left-wing party hate being called &quot;socialist&quot;, but in France the left-wing party proudly calls itself &quot;the Socialist Party&quot;?
How much power does the Iranian president have?
Will basic income necessarily be a government initiative?
What are the expected economic ramifications of the Swiss basic income initiative? Has something like this ever been tried before?
What opinion of Cosmopolitanism do the two political parties of the USA have?
What are the differences between Confusianism, Maoism and the CPC?
When can US Executive Branch not enforce an existing law?
What is the most effective policy for reducing rapes on college campus?
Are Running Mates Constitutional (US President/VP)
What does &quot;middle class&quot; mean in America?
What&#39;s the cause of the general rightward shift in western politics over the last 30 years?
Is requiring removal of face coverings a violation of a persons civil rights?
What do world leaders normally do once they quit the top job?
if a bill dies can it be reintroduced
Is democracy failing nowadays?
Can a person who had his gun license revoked in one state move to a different state and acquire a new license?
Freedom of religion in the US Congress
In USA, can a kid, born in a City / Town A, allow to study in a School in a City / Town B? They can&#39;t in Australia
Why Dictatorship works when democracy fails?
What keeps India from reacting more aggressively to Pakistani or Chinese infringement of its borders?
Was Hitler&#39;s regime a right-wing regime?
How do civilian goverments keep on check military power?
Why is the role of the US president not more closely linked to the House of Representatives?
Are there clear rules of when the president can and cannot use executive action?
What impact do broken families and little church attendance on black youth&#39;s odds of success?
Can private entities directly fund federal organizations?
How do Libertarians address the case of &quot;I sold my soul to the company store&quot;?
Statistics on those who completed prison term by country
Why don&#39;t women vote more for female candidates for office?
How did Saira Blair (age 18) win the election?
Why did the Lewinsky scandal have such big impact?
Is fluoridation practiced in the Palestinian territories?
Do Japanese governments support fluoridation?
What are the origins of non-aggression politics within liberalism?
Would legalization of drugs increase the power of the FARC?
How much money did Obama&#39;s Ebola czar Ron Klain donate to the Democratic Party?
When allies have leaders of the same ideological orientation in power at the same time - does it improve their foreign relations?
Is there a tendency for female and minority candidates to attract female and minority challengers, respectively?
Does controlling the two chambers of the congress make the passing of new laws easier in the U.S.A.?
Why is the Israeli-Palestinian conflict such a big issue?
How much will the upcoming election be driven by the government shutdown?
Has any elected American Politician endorsed proportional representation?
How many votes were cast in the 2014 EU elections?
What is the reason for sudden drop in crude oil prices?
Could Gore have won the Florida recount?
Why do late-counted votes tend to be Democratic in most states?
What does the US produce?
How many known cases of in-person voter fraud could have been prevented by Voter ID Laws?
Can an 11% minority actually pass a Constitutional amendment?
What is the furthest an amendment has gotten to &#39;fix&#39; the elastic and commerce clauses?
Was the Chinese Immigrants Amendment Act 1907 of New Zealand administered arbitrarily?
Would a Libertarian argue for full disclosure in political donations for transparency&#39;s sake or full privacy for the donor?
Are political alignments of African or Caribbean black immigrants in line with African-Americans?
Why not give representatives as many votes as they received in the election?
How much more do men earn than women for doing the same job?
Do quarantines violate due process?
Did any of Ron Klein&#39;s positions in 1998-2008 period limit contributions?
Is there a term for militant groups like the LRA and Boko Haram?
Was there any specific motivation for the &quot;Shanghai Fugu Agreement&quot;?
What is the purpose of direct mandates in the German electoral system?
In the US, is there a documentable difference in musical genre preference between Democrats and Republicans?
What is the origin of the idea that money is somehow special as far as &quot;fairness&quot; in political thinking?
Why does the left side with the Palestinians?
Does ISIS justify its attacks based on the actions of others?
How could it happen that Ukraine soldiers did not try to defend against the invasion?
Why don&#39;t unions negotiate members-only contracts in right-to-work states?
What are the minimal requirements for a system to be called democratic?
Why is Japan more revisionist about its World War II era actions than Germany?
How do today&#39;s Germans percieve the Nazis
Would reducing the maximum working hours also reduce unemployment?
What is the historical basis of Israeli and Palestinian claims to the land that is now under Israeli control?
What is the legal justification for quarantining someone without medical justification?
Why hasn&#39;t Indian Govt still take a step to slow down the rate of population in India?
In India, can a cabinet ministry post be removed from the cabinet?
Reality-based non-religious conservative news source?
Did any founding father endorse unicameralism or at least bring up concerns about the deadlock risks of bicameralism?
Why was there a sharp increase in the margin of support of independence in Scotland in August/September 2014?
Does any US defense whitepaper or public policy document espouse boosting the UK&#39;s force projection or military power?
Why does Turkey suppress Kurdish culture?
Why do Palestinians want a one state solution?
Online data on Australian politician votes
What are the reasons why Mexico remanis so poorly industrialized?
Could a technological and scientifical proletariat worker class becomes real?
What prevents a large corporation from subdividing itself in order to avoid internet sales taxes?
How are criminal cases with citizens from rogue states handled?
In the US, why do libertarians tend to side with the GOP rather than the DNC?
Do disabled people have less of a right to their medical information than legal adults?
How can we ever free ourselves from oil when government is so dependent on it?
Why is the Obama administration&#39;s counter-terrorism policies different to what was promised?
Effects of Government shutdown on the deficit
can the conspiracy theorists represent a credible political ideology?
Why are political promises NOT treated as verbal contacts?
How do the people in a one-party dictatorship take out their frustration at their government?
Governments friendly to the USA willing to accept Guantanamo detainees from other countries
What is the fundamental difference between the Democratic Party and the Republican Party?
Whose agreement is needed to use nuclear weapons in different countries?
What personal identification documents does the British Queen have?
Is the ruling Chinese party seen more favorably than it was 25 years ago?
How can the UK Labour Party get a majority without a plurality of the popular vote?
Why don&#39;t Iraqi Kurds buy more weapons with their oil?
Does the Arizona bill grant a religious exemption to discrimination laws?
Is the Success of the Solar Energy Policies in Australia the motivation of the carbon tax backlash?
Predominating world map centering by country
Was the change in government in Ukraine legal?
What is the United States&#39; interest in Ukraine?
What is the historical composition by party of Australian parliament (HOR &amp; Senate)?
How come Gerrymandering is still legal?
Are there studies on how manipulable protests are?
When the founding fathers of the USA added Freedom of Religion, were there any religions in North America that killed in the name of religion?
Why did democracy survive in India, whereas in most countries of the time it didn&#39;t?
What is the operational chain (in details?) of transfering donations to the Palestinians?
Is the Left-Right divide applicable everywhere, especially in India?
Why is the National Diet of Japan so similar to the Houses of Parliament of the UK
What enables ~30k ISIS fighters to compete with ~190k peshmerga, &amp; others?
Is Turkey covertly supporting the Islamic State?
What&#39;s the purpose of burning rubber tires during protests?
To whom does the Islamic State sell their oil?
If Scotland had become independent, what would have been its political system?
What can Pakistan do; so as to be treated by the USA as an ally with the advantages countries like Japan or South Korea enjoy
Are heads of state who are not heads of government liable for ICC prosecution?
Which open source licenses have been tested in a US or EU court?
General term for voting procedure where one group pre-selects n out of m, other selects 1 out of n?
Why has North Korea been assigned IP addresses?
How do states without Voter ID laws ensure that people are who they say they are?
Is there bias against Israel at the UN and mainstream media?
Why can&#39;t the Ukraine just surrender Donetsk and Luhansk?
What is USA&#39;s position on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict?
Why does ISIS have bombable infrastructure?
Name of political tactic
Example of Ostrom&#39;s 2nd principle applied to common peer-production resources
Appellate procedure in the United States
Why did &quot;inter-racial&quot; marriage attract disapproval even from African-Americans?
What is the rationale for &quot;Employer&#39;s National Insurance&quot; in the UK?
Members of Central American Tariff System (SAC)
Monetary policy: why does the dollar work for the US, but the Euro doesn&#39;t for the EU
What are the reasons for such differences in the size of shadow economy?
What threat does the establishment of an Islamic State by ISIS pose in the region and the world?
Why is US supporting ISIS in Syria while opposing it in Iraq?
Why does the US allow political campaign advertising?
Why do people consider Israel to be an &quot;apartheid&quot; country?
Why has Japan been largely pacifist since WWII?
How much lives could they&#39;ve saved if they would have used war money in health?
Have governments ever made female genital mutilation compulsory?
Do E.U. employees pay tax on their salaries?
What is the difference between EFTA and the EU?
Is it possible to leave EU but remain in Eurozone, legally?
Are there any whistleblower protection regulations in the EU?
Where can I find a list of the cases brought to the International Court Of Justice?
Why did the israeli-palestinian conflict start?
What reasons does Argentina have to participate in US court proceedings against it in the debt crisis?
U.N. Group of Eminent Persons: membership of 2001 group and general purpose?
What happens with new parts of land that has been formed in a part of the ocean that does not belong to any country?
Does Geneva Convention apply to countries which aren&#39;t signatories?
Has there ever been a case where a state ejected a portion of itself?
Anti-Aircraft capabilities of IS
What was the political status of Egypt during World War II?
What are Tax Credits?
Who decides on US congressional hearings topics and schedule?
Is the monarch of the Commonwealth Realms a citizen of any or all of them?
Is there a federal law that prevents a person from finding out which US Congress candidate another US citizen voted for in a previous election?
Why are some groups saying that the US supports the Syrian Rebels?
Below-zero interest rates vs. inflation?
Was it technically possible for BUK system to crash an airplane in Ukraine?
Why isn&#39;t the alternative vote standard for most nations?
What is the reason why none of the criticisms of Israel vis-&#224;-vis the West Bank apply to China and Tibet?
Can one leave the gaza strip permanently?
Is present-day nazism correlated with their countries&#39; allegiance in WWII?
Africa&#39;s role in the U.S. efforts against terrorism?
Tricameral system where third chamber&#39;s only power is to revoke legislation
Reform of United Nations Security Council
Has the Orange Revolution improved the fairness of Ukrainian elections according to independent observers?
What will Scotland&#39;s status in the EU be, assuming Scots vote for independence?
What is (or would be) Scotland&#39;s official two-letter country code?
Can the SNP and Plaid Cymru be accurately categorized as national socialists?
What 8 U.S. Presidents Owned Slaves During Their Presidency?
Rajya sabha member and Election in India
Why is Scotland attempting to become independent?
Overall, what is the reaction of nearby countries to the Syria civil conflict?
Is the United States of America a Democracy?
Is discrimination against hibakushas (atomic bomb victims) legal?
How does the Cuban system for municipal elections work?
Why do independents choose a party to caucus with?
Why is redrawing the artificial borders not a viable solution to conflicted states?
Why doesn&#39;t a conservative majority SCOTUS repeal Roe v. Wade?
Is &quot;non-white&quot; politically incorrect in South Africa?
Is the Indian Flag code of conduct enforceable?
What is the oldest law still in force?
Are future people counted when considering how many people will be affected by a policy change?
Iran&#39;s list of designated terrorist organizations?
Is there any position in the U.S. Government that is not required to answer to the president?
What&#39;s the right terminology for a democratic, free and and anti-dictatorial socialism/communism?
What&#39;s going on in Crimea (Ukraine crisis) in simplest terms?
Is the Naminara Republic recognized by any nation?
Which sovereign states currently have nuclear power stations but no nuclear weapons programs?
Why aren&#39;t the Jewish settlements legal under International Law, Canon Law, US domestic law, and historic rules for obtaining sovereignty?
Criminal behavior by US Diplomatic appointees?
What is a &quot;cruel and unusual&quot; punishment?
US Presidential salary
What are the benefits/drawbacks of a weighted vote based upon federal taxes paid?
Where does the right to refuse service come from?
World Map with Country Borders in the Oceans
Is polling about fringe beliefs reliable?
Decision-making in small American cities
If a US Supreme Court justice dies between voting and releasing ruling, does their vote count?
What was the rationale behind cutting SNAP payments? when will it increase again?
Question regarding concessions during presidential elections
If Democrats lose the Senate now, what are the chances of getting it back in 2016?
What happens if Ukraine and Russia go to war?
Federal Open Market Committee Voting Procedure
Designate a country as &quot;State Sponsor of Terrorism&quot;
What is the role and responsiblity of the king in Spain in the Spanish government?
What would happen if the same person were elected both President and Vice President?
Can an electoral college member vote twice for the same man?
Was there ANY official condemnation of Hamas over use of civilians and especially children as human shields?
How can I have someone prove they represent a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization over the internet?
Banking industry chooses Secretary of Treasury?
Icelandic Constitutional Assembly/Council
What is the role of Union United in UK politics?
What are the requisites for political change?
Is encounter of Hafiz Saeed possible for India?
Is preemptive war illegal or just politically untenable?
Could Obama have passed Obamacare in the first 2 years when the Dems controlled both houses?
Did the United States use &quot;Concentration camp&quot; in internment-related terminology?
Does speaking the same language reduce the likelihood of war?
Turkey&#39;s list of designated terrorist organizations?
How could Congress impeach the President of the USA before pardoned?
How do independents choose a party to caucus with?
Does someone who didn&#39;t vote have a right to complain?
What will happen to an economy if the government cuts government spending during a recession to fight a budget deficit?
Was there ever a case where a country was forced to return a land obtained from defensive war?
How is UKIP seen in the United States or elsewhere?
What foreign investment is safer than US Treasury bonds and what market share do they have?
What is the legality of using foreign law to decide domestic cases?
Does it make sense for Jordan &amp; Egypt to annex Gaza and the West Bank?
&quot;Widespread belief in North Korea that Kim-il Sung &#39;created the world&#39;&quot;?
Practical ways to help the United States, European and other nations deal with embargo
Could the SCOTUS void a Presidential Pardon?
Why is there no call for Hamas to protect and reduce civilian casualties?
Why do parties wait to release their election year policies?
What does &quot;teabagger&quot; mean in the politics?
Does a presidential runner up get automatic security clearance in the US?
Why won&#39;t Israel just capture Palestine?
What is the purpose of Anti Money laundering Act?
Could the President of the United States refuse to wage a war Congress declared?
What direct actions could Hamas take to effectively show a leadership role in protecting Palestinian Civilians?
Can I recall my US Senator or Representatives in Congress?
who are Salafi Jihadi?
What characterizes an act of war as &quot;war crime?&quot;
What can the rest of the World do to stop Israel-Palestine war?
Is there anything in UN charter or laws prohibiting a country to seek the destruction of another country?
Laws that prohibit intra country migrations
What is the purpose of establishment of United Nations?
What measures exist to impose budget-like changes without passing through the Australian senate?
Did Reagan use public spending to make the GDP grow?
Why does Israel support Mahmoud Abbas while Palestinian people have shown by their votes they want Hamas
Does international regulation forbid a country to kill children in a conflict if the other part uses them as human shields?
Why is Jeremy Bentham considered Liberal?
Why are punitive damages not awarded to the government in a civil litigation
What prevents Israel from expanding into other countries?
What policies are in place to help mitigate the downsides of capitalism?
Governments&#39; fining of non-government entities - where does the money go?
Reason behind cancelling Death sentence
Would you explain &#39;development from bourgeois oppression&#39;?
Which is the top total tax-revenue increase in the Western World since the Great Depression?
Are there constituencies for the partition of the Ukraine?
How accountable will Russia be if it emerges they have supplied the Surface-to-Air Weaponry that brought down Malaysia Airlines flight MH17?
How could the Ukrainian rebels get SAMs?
Why is it in the United State&#39;s national Interest to care what&#39;s happening between Israel and Palestine?
UKIP: is it real major third party in UK?
Has Kitchen v Herbert Gone Into Effect?
Why does the new Australian Senate first sit so late?
Is the PATRIOT ACT constitutional?
Would shorter election cycles bring cleaner and better politics?
How responsible is Ukraine for allowing civil planes to fly over a war zone?
Why is Egypt being the peace-keeper?
What determines the identify of &quot;the minority party&quot; leadership if there are more than two parties?
How do parties justify a chief whip?
Legal basis for President&#39;s immediate advisers immunity from Congressional compulsion to testify
In an MMP system, why don&#39;t parties game the system by splitting into two parties?
How possible is it for a city&#39;s courts to assuage fiscal distress with extreme bail?
Has the Jewish Defense League been designated as a terrorist group by the FBI/USA?
If a baby was born on the Palmyra Atoll, does the baby have U.S. citizenship?
Are Palestinians stateless?
How do international corporations have the right to free speech?
Collaborative Policy creation software
How did ISIS Gain control of a stockpile of weapons that did not exist?
What do past results suggest will happen if North Korea tests a nuke in the ocean?
What does it mean for a candidate to be a &quot;tea-party&quot; candidate
Is there a law to prevent global nuclear war when the terrorist are able steal nuke technology from a lot of country that have nukes?
Does the Hobby Lobby case apply to all corporations and all birth control?
Did the USA ever officially apologize for shooting down &quot;Iran Air Flight 655&quot; in 3 July of 1988?
What is the political motivation that makes US never invade Canada?
Is it legal for a police to incorporate as a private 501(c)(3) organizations?
Which US laws apply on a Native American/ Indian Reservation?
What is the purpose of gay pride parades? If the purpose is clear, is it productive or counterproductive?
Is there voting theory regarding combining the results of multiple votes by multiple groups on a single topic?
Cronysm vs oligarchy
Would it be better if all legislators will be required to obtain a law degree before entering into politics?
Where can I see the total annual salary (by year?) of each of the employees of the UN?
What level of autonomy do regions within the Russian Federation have?
Has the Veterans Administration backlog and average wait time improved since Obama has taken office?
UN veto power deprivation
Couldn&#39;t those threatened with asset freezes simply move their money?
Does banning of anti-democratic parties violate principles of democracy?
How was arranging the trade of POW Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl for five detainees possible without “negotiating with terrorists”?
Is Russia socially freer than UK?
How is the Venus Project resource-based economy different than communism?
How can some politicians become cabinet ministers without winning elections in India?
Why haven&#39;t any Governments banned cigarette sales when it has been proven that it&#39;s harmful?
Is the US Attorney General expected to defend policies his party opposes in the Supreme Court?
In Australia, what does the term &quot;Big polluters&quot; mean?
The role of price elasticity of demand with the bargaining power of trade unions
Data Source for Court Transrcipts with Interpreters
Is there any evidence that the constitution, laws or rules of a state apply to someone simply because that person is physically in that state?
democracy and wars for resources
How do wage subsidies support industrial decentralization?
Beyond Left and Right
What is the ethical or legal term best used to describe the process of legislation that proceeds without supporting evidence?
Is ban on Social Interaction with opposite sex a Human Rights Violation?
Why don&#39;t we unite all countries?
What happens after a bill is reported by committee?
How to rebuild a broken state?
Legality of Nudism in Public Places?
Does the US often deny visas to UN diplomats?
In the US, why are corporations people?
Do DWNominate scores take into account that not all votes are created equal?
Why did Mohammed Morsi get thrown out of office
How often are state constitutional amendments overturned by federal judges?
How do elections determine who is &quot;leading&quot; or &quot;elected&quot; with partial results?
Does any present legislation practice exile as a regular sentence?
What is the real role of the queen in UK in these days?
Why didn&#39;t Marbury (from Marbury v. Madison) prevail in the end?
Early day motions: practical and intended uses?
Do POWs typically get paid for their prison time?
How are conflicts between constitutional and treaty obligations resolved?
When did the &quot;red line&quot; get drawn?
Can copyright be interpreted as a liberal economic policy?
Where can I find how often my senator votes along party lines?
Data Source for 2012 US Congress and US Senate Elections
How strongly will the anti-Obama sentiment affect the 2014 Senate midterm elections?
What implications would the use of foreign embassies as asylum points entail?
People&#39;s Republic of China&#39;s list of designated terrorist organizations?
Are U.S. politicians assumed to be Christians?
Why aren&#39;t all matters referendable?
Does Saudi Arabia really control the Chechen terrorist groups?
Is Cyprus in Europe?
What political mechanism prevent US army commandment to launch a coup?
What legitimizes the Maoists in Nepal, now that the government has expired?
Consequences of hypothetical &quot;cast one vote for OR against&quot; system?
Why does &quot;meritocracy&quot; / &quot;capitalism&quot; co-exist with &quot;democracy&quot;?
When will the Australian Senate vote on the 2014 budget?
In Indian politics , how many parties are present currently
Importance of tax to Indian goverment
Is the NJ goernor&#39;s executive order on pension reform permissible under the current legislation?
Libertarianism and large companies
Does the US Congress allow visitors to watch their debates?
What is a Star Print?
What is the difference between fascism and nazism?
Was there a Security Council&#39;s meeting that lasted long time until resolution was finished?
Is the theory of nuclear peace true?
How to create an economy for low skilled people in a high-cost country?
Why is economic growth considered so essential, even in rich countries?
How does a government shutdown happen?
Would the expanded background checks have prevented past shooting incidents?
What is the purpose of farm subsidies today?
Is there data that looks at income inequality by examining total income over each person&#39;s life?
Is there any reason to vote against the predominant majority?
Do dog-whistle politics only refer to racist and right-leaning statements?
Can Australia join the Council of Europe?
How do juror demographics compare with voter demographics in the US?
Does the Russian economy profit from Crimea accession?
Will SDRs from the BRICS Bank be a competing reserve currency to the US dollar?
What is UN doing about Ukrainian crisis?
What will happen to the US and Russian economies if Russia sells all its US bonds?
If a bill was referred to a Committee, and died there, is there a way to tell what happened?
Is there any notable political view which effectively deals with technological unemployment?
What is an unpoliticized, transparent source (alternative to Gov&#39;t stats) for stats like Unemployment and Inflation?
List of designated terrorist organizations &amp; their tendency of faith
Under what criteria is a minimum wage law superior to an earned income tax credit based system?
Why is there a concept of a wedding officiant in US marriage law?
Do new jobs always contribute to the welfare of a country?
Could the person who taped Donald Sterling go to prison?
Cronyism In Economy
How can an American conservative attempt to conserve a radical American founding?
Committee power of congress
Ethics in economy
Does preserving Court Precedent mean respecting both reasoning and results?
Why did Russia default on its domestic bonds in 1998 when it could simply print money?
Are approval ratings and election results considered comparable?
What does inequality look like when measured in man-hours employed?
Why is Register of Deeds an elected position?
Is my interpretation of Article 395 of the Indian Constitution correct?
Is it necessary to allow preferential treatment based upon race in order to ensure equal protection under the 14th Amendment?
What is the procedure to change FPTP to PR system in India?
What form of government does StackExchange resemble?
When is legalization a better alternative?
when will we hear the results of this court case?
What actions are legal against pirates for private ships?
Is the life expectancy gap between males and females a result of social issues that need to be addressed?
Looking for the name of a voting process by public token
Is the current action by the BLM in Bunkerville Nevada a violation of the Posse Comitatus Act
Does Japan have any military?
Differences between parliamentary and presidential government
Why don&#39;t British kings and queens veto laws?
Are there disadvantages to the Assault Weapons Ban of 2013? If so, what?
Is there any research relating to reform and corruption in local and small scale authorities?
Utah State Teacher Sexual Conduct
If your goal is to protect women from domestic violence, should you oppose the VAWA?
How is socialism in latin america different from Bolviarian socialism led by Chavez?
Elitist and Marxist theories on the distribution of power
Does Hungary fulfill the requirements of democracy given by the facts on the new voting system?
Article II, section 2, clause 2; and listing(s) of relevent treaties
President Daily Diary - more info?
Feasible peak to minimum wage?
What is the pyschology behind the &quot;Silent Majority&quot; claim?
Does the increase to the Government Contractor minimum wage have no real effective impact?
Proper use of the word &#39;term&#39; for U.S. Presidents, and
Sanctions for Russian military action in Ukraine stopping preparation for G8. Is it important for Russia?
Is there a US and UK equivalent of India&#39;s AFSPA act?
Why is equality such a widely accepted political goal?
Freedom of speech and the N-word
Do China claim Russian region of Amur-Khabarovsk-Primorsky (Eastern-Manchuria)?
Are there UN norms for a government change?
is it correct being voter friendly in democracy?
In the US, how can a federal law be prevented from being made?
What is the name of the tactic that politicians use to bury people with torrent of words?
What are the limits of the authority of POTUS to issue Executive Orders
Is the US reconsidering the Brilliant Pebbles project?
Why did ten countries side with Russia in the UN General Assembly vote on Crimea?
Why is the speaker of the House of Representatives an MP?
What is &quot;Absolute Majority&quot;?
Can a U.S. Judge be removed for being wrong most of the time?
Are there regions within Russia with a majority population that is not ethnic Russian?
third US (major) political party
what is the difference between political system and government?
Why do developed countries favor democracy?
Government without opposition
Is there such a thing as a single dissolution?
Limits of Charter City authority in California
What is &quot;democracy through strength&quot;?
Why do some governments still continue applying rationing and maximum prices?
Is it legal for one country to be under military protection of other?
Why do oppressive regimes cheat in the election process rather than simply faking the results?
Unregistered vessel on international seas - legal status and consequences?
Has there ever been a national meritocracy?
How Many Russian Citizens Live in Crimea?
Is modern wealth disparity a mitigated form of noble priviledge?
For PART III of this convention, does &quot;ALL MIGRANT WORKERS&quot; include undocumented workers?
What is the origin of the &quot;two-tiered&quot; theory of the First Amendment?
Is Ukranian crisis one of its kind?
How can the two sides in syrian conflict be defined?
Is Copyright a Statute or Common Law and Why?
Are US financial aids to the new Ukrainian government illegal?
Why Does Venezuela Have Such High Inflation?
Do people in USA need official permission to demonstrate?
Without government, wouldn&#39;t warlords take over?
What options are available to a person who rejects the authority of the state (an anarchist)?
Is there any form of political system using math, informatics or psychology as a basis for decision-making?
Using weapons and militancy by enlightened forces as a tool for self defense
Is there anything suggesting NATO is just waiting for the winter to end before acting in Crimea?
Soldiers abroad without identifying marks - Crimea situation
Can gov&#39;t place a lien on assets or suspend drivers&#39; licenses with Obamacare?
Are belligerent armed people without insignia or declared nation by definition terrorists?
When, and how, are votes likely to be &quot;bought?&quot;
Pros and Cons on common currencies like Euro
What are my rights against NSA surveillance?
Was Hugo Chavez&#39;s regime an actual &quot;Bolivarian&quot; revolution?
Is there any possibility to have a democracy inherently discourage lobbying?
How are political staff (both congressional and campaign) paid in the US?
Legality of red cross aid to Ukrainian military
Is the Crimean referendum legal?
Ashton phone leak - why no coverage (vs Nuland leak)?
What is the legitimate exercise of power?
Why can public employees unionize?
Do electoral institutions ensure that political leaders are responsive to the interests of the population as a whole?
Why would Cyprus be &quot;forced&quot; to leave the Eurozone if it defaults?
What alternatives have been proposed for prison sentences for violent crimes?
US Foreign Aid Accountability
Are there any studies that attempt to analyze the demographics and/or motivations of street protesters?
What is the difference between a nation and a state?
Was the 2003 Iraq War an undeclared war to circumvent the Geneva Conventions?
Is there any movement or pending legislation toward mitigating EULA issues
Russia attacks Ukraine. Why is world&#39;s reaction so slow?
What are the likely consequences to Uganda after the passage of its anti-gay law?
Can a super PAC give to both democrats and republicans?
How does Pro forma legislation work?
What is the minimum number of Legislators required to pass various Acts of Congress?
What is the necessity of the FDIC in the US banking system?
Does US or other Common Law states have a mechanism for reversing any reduction of rights?
Can USA exit a treaty that was signed and ratified?
What did Eisenhower mean with this statement?
Islam and Christianity in Lebanon
Without government, who would build the roads?
What does the &quot;to&quot; mean in the General Welfare Clause?
Transit zones problems
What was the official explanation of the Laotian &quot;new economic mechanism&quot;?
Government Oversight Committee
Is the &quot;War on Terror&quot; successful? How can success be determined?
How will lands on the Moon be divided?
Why can&#39;t we directly elect ministers?
What are the consequences of exiting the Outer Space Treaty
What are the benefits to the rest of the UK from Scottish independence?
What communities or groups, religious or not, are exempt from the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare)?
Why are California republicans against the National Popular Vote Interstate Compact?
For US Constitution amendments, does state legislature incl governor?
What is the current meaning of &quot;Palestine&quot;?
What is meant by the &quot;left&quot; and the &quot;right&quot;?
Why doesn&#39;t the House of Representatives have a say in treaties?
Are ballot order laws constitutional?
Why do US politicians commonly refer to the UK as &quot;Great Britain&quot;?
Can a state criminalize activity that&#39;s legal in another state?
What are the views of different political parties on asylum seekers in Australia?
What exactly does Thomas Paine mean in this line of Common Sense?
What is the current meaning of &quot;Israel&quot;?
Long Term Studies on Class Mobility?
Was there antisemitism in fascist Italy?
Source for Kinnock quote: &#39;fortunate in her enemies&#39;
Why is Alfano considered a secessionist / couldn&#39;t he just keep PdL?
Is it possible to study International Relations without focusing on game theory?
Are state laws restricting electors&#39; votes constitutional?
Strategy to *not* vote for a candidate using Single Transferable Vote
Does any other governmental body have constituencies similar to Seanad &#201;ireann?
Are there any major parties identifying themselves with Rosa Luxemburg&#39;s ideas?
State army in libertarian state
Has hacking a website been effective to spread a political message?
Does Sweden have greater intergenerational social mobility than the USA when compared to USA incomes?
Are there any countries with no elections at all?
A county&#39;s development (in a developing country)
Are there any truly EU-level political parties?
Most-efficient way to contact my elected representatives
What is the history of the electoral college in the US?
Did they measure the response difference between ways to contact congresspeople?
Why did New Zealand adopt Māori electorates?
Who are early critics of democracy?
computer readable info with bills being tagged
What is the difference between &quot;State&quot; and &quot;Sovereign&quot; in The Social Contract?
Can lies in a bio or under oath remove a politician from office or cause other legal trouble?
Justifications for import duty
When and how did the Republican establishment come to oppose NSA surveillance?
In the US how does the 13th amendment, 16th amendment work simultaneously with life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness?
Is it necessary for a communist to be an atheist?
What are the main obstacles for implementing a Resource Based Economy as proposed by Jacque Fresco?
How significant is social cohesion to long term economic growth?
In what issue was Barack Obama the only dissenting vote
What are the GOP&#39;s Alternatives to Obamacare
Is there a theory proposing a natural mechanism reducing the poor-to-rich transfer of capital?
How do people view Putin&#39;s statements on gay rights?
Was the Icelandic economic crisis of 2008 a product of lax government oversight or big government?
What is Nixon&#39;s wage and price control
Legality of same-sex marriage compromise law
What are the main differences between different types of Marxism?
What are the reasons for opposing the Affordable Care Act?
Does political exclusion also exclude free speech?
Is there a way for a Constituent (or non-lobbyist) to introduce a bill in either house of the U.S. Congress?
What is the relationship between Regulatory Capture and Karl Marx?
What are the historical claims to Kashmir from India and Pakistan?
Do Republicans intend to put policy riders in the next appropriations bill?
&quot;Lokpal Bill and Jan LokPal Bill&quot; What&#39;s the difference between these two Bills in Inidan Politics?
Ability of a minority party to hold a pro forma congressional session
Was Nelson Mandela a Terrorist?
Is there a procedure to recall US Senators?
Do any studies reflect a correlation between Republicans political positions and racial attitudes?
Accredited Investor laws for non-US citizens
What kind of country would offer Snowden the most secure asylum?
Why do so few Arab countries have nuclear energy power plants?
Do(did) hospitals turn poor patients away
What is the theory behind social policing?
When will the US hit the debt ceiling again?
Why is the French democracy not using proportional representation for election of the assembly?
Do &quot;closed cities&quot; exist outside the former Soviet Union?
Social Security and the impending default
Which country had the first constitution adopted by referendum?
(Why) does the US left promote federal powers over state powers?
What portion of the Affordable Care Act originated in the House?
What are the negative and positive consequences of a system of seperated powers?
During an election how is it decided whose name is on the ballot
Is religious discrimination legal in public in the USA?
The &quot;Basic Structure&quot; of the Constitution of India and the other constitutions
How supported is the idea of a fully independent Indian state among US Native Americans?
When a police officer asks your origin and destination, what are my legal rights?
Why is the Sahel Region important to western nations?
Democratic governments seizing financial assets during financial crisis?
What policies for ecological sustainability have been proposed by conservative or economically libertarian political groups?
What law compels countries to take prisoners who are NOT trying to surrender?
What socio-economical measurement system may become an alternative to the economical growth percentage?
Word for government-mandated price moratorium
What is Israel&#39;s long-term plan in the West Bank?
Are there systematic personality differences between liberals and conservatives?
What is considered acceptable behavior by policemen stopping a person to ascertain guilt?
Do the Naxalites enjoy popular support among the poor population?
Mark Levin and The Liberty Amendments: Process
Why does the U.S.A. have separate legislative houses?
Has anyone called for the elimination of limited liability?
Does liberalism support discrimination of the young by restricting their behavior or thoughts?
Are there any solid representative district planning strategies that can avoid gerrymandering?
Supreme Court Cases that were harbingers of New Federalism
How has the &quot;too big to fail&quot; problem been mitigated in other circumstances?
Did the Civil War in the USA settle the matter on secession?
How does DOMA get around the &quot;Full Faith and Credit&quot; clause to the Constitution?
What remedy exists for unconstitutional changes to ObamaCare by the executive branch?
What percentage of people receive SNAP benefits for extended periods of time?
Under what executive authority does the President have to delay the employer mandate?
What legally constitutes character assassination in te US?
Was the end-of-life counseling provision kept in Obamacare?
Are Prized Linked Savings Accounts legal in the United States?
If you are illegally searched, and the police find nothing, what can you do?
Can the Executive Branch legally enter into a contract to repay Fisher House?
How much does the House Bipartisan Budget bill of 2013 increase spending in the next two years?
Does the first amendment protect business owners from being forced to work for protected classes?
What factors account for the large drop in young voters identifying with the Democratic Party?
What are current tax payers paying for?
What should every individual know about their country&#39;s politics?
How would Bill C-38 be considered illiberal?
Where does one connect with government departments world-over to suggest world-changing ideas?
Did the British government call American revolutionaries terrorists?
Why does the United States still keep substantial numbers of soldiers in Europe?
Why was Obamacare legislation pushed through so quickly?
Who decides which countries are third world and how can it be challenged?
What are the total unfunded liabilities of the top 5 states?
UK Government amendment leading to fracking?
Why did the Supreme Court consider the Obamacare Medicaid expansion coercion?
Why is there concern about the growing income gap, and is there an ideal level?
What are the arguments for and against charities engaging in political campaigning?
How wealthy are state legislators in Texas?
King secretly funds left and right wing parties to stay in power. What&#39;s this called?
What is the origin of the Durand Line, and what is the liklihood that it will persist over time?
Why did the Public Option get cut from the Affordable Care Act
How many senators approved the change to the cloture rule in 1975?
Why these countries have no diplomatic relations with Chile?
Do campaign contributions create a conflict of interest for politicians?
What is the truthfullness of the film &quot;Revolution.com - USA: The Conquest of the East&quot;?
Did the Senate break their own rules by invoking the nuclear option?
How much has Obamacare cost Senate Democrats in public support?
When the rules are suspended in the house, what exactly are those rules?
Why was the Healthcare.gov site development managed so badly?
What effect does state-level refusal to accept the ACA&#39;s medicaid expansion have on the ACA&#39;s cost?
Do Caribbean countries have standing against colonial countries for slave reparations?
When a country wins a war, will the winner country rule the losing one?
What does &quot;adhering&quot; and &quot;aid and comfort&quot; mean in the context of the United States treason?
What&#39;s the definition of domestic use?
Which states have the highest percentage of people who qualify for subsidies on the healthcare exchanges?
Why is the Speaker of the House able to stop a vote on a clean spending bill?
How long does it take for a parliamentary government to hold unscheduled elections?
What provisions in Obamacare was Obama referring to that got snuck in?
What are the advantages of a two party system vs multiple party system?
How were the votes split on the Danish Folketing election the 26th of July 1881?
Why is the National Mall open for an immigration rally?
What is the difference between a treaty and an executive agreement in American Foreign Policy?
ACA Individual mandate fulfilled using employer insurance
Why does Tax Freedom/Cost of Government day differ so much in the United States, and how are they calculated?
Can I recall my US Senator or Representatives in Congress in the state of Utah?
Why did the US government let Lehman Brothers go bankrupt and not other Wall Street banks?
Right(s) for public building floor plans?
What legal benefits do married couples enjoy in US, and what is the rationale for those benefits?
In what ways does the Affordable care act require entities to pay for contraception coverage
Are persons born in a U.S. embassy a U.S. citizen, if their parents are not citizens?
What if the president, vice president, everyone in the line of succession plus the designated survivor were all killed?
Is there any difference between a dissident and a whistleblower?
What does &quot;respectively&quot; mean in the Tenth Amendment?
What share of federal taxes do the rich pay?
In models of income distribution, is inequality a natural outcome?
Does medicare have its own trust fund?
What significant changes cause a grandfathered health plan to lose its status?
Are there protections in place for NSA whistleblowers, and have they ever been used to protect anyone?
What are the Siumut party&#39;s views on mining and how do they compare to other parties views?
Is democratic centralism limited to Leninism?
What interests do Haiti and the AU have in Haitian associate membership?
In the U.S., is there evidence to suggest that the average voter is better informed than in the past?
Ideology in the Media
Are people more likely to seek out news sources they agree with?
Did any large cities in Europe or North America ban outdoor advertising?
Is it allowed in the united states to advertise for a peaceful political meeting in social networks against the government?
Is there any evidence that public transport splitting, corporatisation or privitisation affects quality?
Would Privatizing Social Security &quot;Solve&quot; Occupy Wallsteet?
What government agencies are officially designated as terrorist by another country&#39;s government?
Is it possible for the US to borrow money from other countries, after the shutdown?
In the U.S., is the presidential veto a negative construct?
Did George W. Bush try to alter the power of the presidency by using a theory that had never been implemented?
How many people will be unable to keep their health insurance plan in 2014 due to the ACA?
Are the President of the United States and members of Congress considered essential to the federal government?
Is &quot;Illegal immigrant&quot; a legal term and will the AP&#39;s decision not to use it have a major effect?
Equivalent to government shutdown in parlimetary systems
Does it cost $25 to obtain a &quot;free&quot; Voter ID in any state?
How much in interest payments since 2002 has the increase in the debt past the old debt ceiling cost the US?
Was illegal immigration non-enforcement ever challenged under &quot;equal protection&quot; theory? Did it affect illegal immigration related legislation?
The assault weapon ban recently expired in the USA, what did it ban?
How many times and in what way has the Affordable Care Act been modified by the Executive Branch?
Does the United States have a built-in mechanism to resolve loss of supply? And if not, why not?
How much did the US spend on each means-tested programs during the last 5 years?
Could the Australian Government be denied funding in the same way that happened in the USA?
How does the British Parliamentary system handle a situation like the US budget crisis?
How significant was Chernobyl in the collapse of the Soviet Union?
Is the Affordable Care Act a regressive tax (who is most affected)?
What are the most basic, yet distinct forms of government?
Is Japan allowed to shoot drones in Japanese airspace under international law?
When and how did the term &quot;liberal&quot; acquire a leftist/socialist meaning in the US?
Can US Election Schedules be changed in an Emergency?
What jurisdictions, if any, have preemptive judicial review of bills or laws, without a suit being brought challenging the law?
Does the Constitution guarantee freedom of speech in private groups?
What has Barack Obama Done Regarding Torture and Indefinite Detention?
How can a bill pass the US Senate by a vote of 3-0?
Is not paying, questioning the debt?
What exactly are the formal rules around US paying off debt?
Is House Resolution 368 Permenant?
What bodies exist to foster cooperation amongst transnational corporations?
Why was Justice Marc Nadon&#39;s Appointment Challenged
Which US states give proportional Presidential electoral college votes to candidates?
Has anyone produced a time series of the Gini coefficient to current political party?
What actually would happen if the ACA gets defunded
How does President Obama spend money without a budget?
Is it true that we currently have no debt ceiling?
How many times has the US defaulted on its debt?
If Congress refused to raise the debt ceiling, would it force the federal government to balance its expenditures/revenue?
Is there any data on how much gerrymandering influences incumbent advantage?
What is the debt ceiling and what happens if we reach it?
Has any government made the unwinding of their US bonds and currency reserves a core public policy plank or a legal requirement?
What are frequently heard arguments in favour or against term limits?
Has range voting been successfully implemented anywhere?
How (and how much) does the government shutdown affect the budget deficit
What incentive would the House or Senate have to ever adjourn if NRLB v. Canning is upheld?
How does the US House of Representatives rule itself?
Would the reduction in spending due to an indefinite government shutdown eliminate the deficit?
How does one go about registering a political party in Texas?
Why are some government services/programs closed from the federal government shutdown, while others aren&#39;t?
What estimates are there on the level of fraud in the Social Security Disability Insurance program?
In Australian Senate elections, why isn&#39;t the quota recalculated based on exhausted votes after each count?
Will government workers furloughed during the shutdown be paid later?
Electronic Diversity Visa Lottery
Does the ACA penalize individuals for not being able to afford insurance?
Is there legal recourse for creditors if Treasury defaults on any (not necessarily all) of its debts?
How is the European integration process similar to the creation of the United States?
How often does Senator McCain vote against his own party?
How did Australia wind up with a two-party system?
Federal Reserve authority to buy government debt
Was Australian Labor loss due to internal party conflict?
Why do Australians want to remain under British monarchy?
Is the House responsible for deciding what to fund in the government and is this usually done with &quot;mini-CRs&quot;?
How much has government spending increased/decreased in relation to the median households income since 2000?
How does one get pre selected to be a member of the Australian Senate
Implications of governments borrowing from a central bank rather than issuing money directly
Is the US Government being shut down affecting the deadline for the debt ceiling?
Why do US politicians spend so much on campaigns when the salary is not high enough to justify the expenditure?
Are US politicians still paid a salary when they cause a government shutdown?
What was the LOWEST known voter participation rate?
How can a currency be manipulated?
Do the procedural rules of US State legislatures have the power of law?
Why did the National Park Service need to spend money to shutdown a park they don&#39;t fund?
Why is the name of Kwame Nkrumah&#39;s ideology &quot;consciensism&quot;?
If the US Debt Ceiling is not raised what happens to Mandatory/Discretioary spending?
What percentage of federal U.S. government employees are considered non-essential during a governmnent shutdown?
What is the theoretical content of the terms used in non-aggression discourse within liberal politics?
What are the legal requirements to be Speaker of the US House of Representatives?
Could state or federal agencies purchase &quot;government shutdown insurance&quot; if it was available?
Do white house and congressional staffers currently (or sans Obamacare) receive subsidies for their health insurance?
Why did the U.S. government shut down, if the Fed was providing funding through the bond buying program?
How is Obamacare still functioning with no budget?
Why are US national party conventions important to electoral politics?
Reducing Corporate Influence in Politics
Why does the United States begin its fiscal year on October 1st?
How can I promote human rights petitions to the UN?
In Italy, can a party run for the elections with two different lists (in the same group)?
Are the partisan and ideological motivation of members of Congress in policymaking always &quot;in sync? If not,, what are the reasons?
How much will the ObamaCare tax penalty cost?
Can Bloomberg run again in the future, or is the 3-term limit absolute?
What does shutting down the government mean?
Tunisia&#39;s list of designated terrorist organizations?
What are the consequences of not following a gag order?
How is an employed person defined for OECD countries?
Did any jurisdiction ever restrict franchise purely by IQ?
Did any US president win elections without extensive campaigning?
What am I supposed to vote?
Term for belief that certain decisions should be made by expert bureaucrats, rather than democratically
In the US, did conventions reduce the political power of the states?
What was the largest popular vote election ever held?
How many votes is a senate supermajority when there are vacancies?
Why hasn&#39;t the UN invoked &quot;Uniting for Peace&quot; in Syria?
Can the Supreme Court define what civil liberties Americans enjoy?
Can anybody explain why the organization of a two-party system benefits from federalism?
Non-Biased Listing of Party Accomplishments
Websites for understanding preference flows in the Australian senate
What Old Law is going to mean $6 a Gallon milk in the US
Which years did US Senate had filibuster-proof majorities?
Were there mechanisms for discouraging parties (&quot;factions&quot;) proposed by US founding fathers?
Can a foreign-born adopted child become President of the United States?
What have been the largest hostile cross-benches in Australian senate / house of review history?
Why is the cost of food stamps 10 times higher than in 1938 in real dollars?
How is Australia being represented at the G20 summit?
Is it illegal for a President or the Executive Branch to increase Congressional pay/benefits?
Which US representative has proposed a civics test for voters since the 1965 Voting Rights Act?
Would GOP support for imigration reform result in a greater proportion of hispanic votes?
Could a state adopt disapproval voting, or is unconstitutional/illegal in the US?
Why is there no economics theory largely accepted or considered true?
Is creativity really stifled when there is no freedom?
Does Germany have a particularly negative perception of South Korea? If so, why?
Can a Turkish involvement on a military strike on Syria trigger the NATO mutual defense clause?
Does the percentage of single mothers correlate with high welfare states?
Why don&#39;t we pay food stamps and unemployment benefits indefinitely to stimulate the economy?
Are all retroactive laws, ex post facto laws?
Can the Vatican legally declare war?
In the U.S., why are senators more influential in policy formation than their House counterparts?
In the U.S., why do most bills that reach the floor for debate in Congress are not controversial?
Why has the Supreme Court of the United States not used its power of judicial review to audit constitutionally-questionable laws like the Patriot Act?
Is there any evidence that giving cash to poor people is &quot;better&quot; than giving in-kind goods?
Is there a direct connection between democracy and disobligation of voting?
Are laws restricting electoral oversight to particular parties constitutional?
In the U.S., are there programs which are not administered through or by states?
What kind of Information does the NSA and PRISM collect, and how do they collect it?
Are Physical Education classes mandatory by law?
Are 24-year old women afraid of Rush Limbaugh?
In the US, are Inquisitorial trials always mandatory in possess of certain inquisitorial evidences?
What is a &quot;councilmanic tax&quot;?
In the U.S., what does it precisely mean that federal courts have limited jurisdiction?
What did House Rep Ryan Winkler mean when he used the term &quot;Uncle Thomas&quot;
Is there an alternative to Wikipedia?
Given my list of convictions, which US party(ies) should I consider?
What are the possible actions against a signatory that fails to follow the Kyoto Protocol?
Democrats and Republicans: How do their names reflect the core differences between them?
In the U.S., when a policy issue is more relevant in public opinion, does the influence of interest groups wane?
How is the employment rate defined for OECD countries?
Why is favoring male over female children &quot;acceptable&quot; in some countries and not others?
Why don&#39;t Native Americans have representation in Congress?
Why is insincere/tactical/strategic voting considered undesirable?
Why did Marx believe that mass industrialisation was a prerequisite for the proletarian revolution?
Are there countries considered socialist that do NOT have parlaments and elections?
Do/did non-dictatorial Capitalist societies exist?
What other types of votes are there than roll call votes?
Is there a study that seeks to quantify left/right bias by gender and country?
Are executive orders enforceable? How do they differ from legislated law?
Why does USAF buy F-35?
What is a law that isn&#39;t in a Constitution called?
What is the justification for allowing elected officials to accept money from corporations?
Resource providing statistical data on the amount of law enacted?
What was the first law that was passed after the formation of the acceptance of the constitution in the United States?
Reasons behind strong anti India sentiment in Bangladesh
Do parties support the mayor/city council candidates in a Canadian city?
Is the feedback every 4 years strong enough?
Why is Sweden&#39;s employment rate so high?
Are laws effective at enacting social reform?
Is support for nuclear energy correlated with other political positions?
Quantitative effect of losing a senior senator
Have Democrats gotten more liberal?
How effective has the war on poverty been at eliminating poverty?
Would two million families lose their SNAP benefits under H.R.1947 (FARRM)? Why?
What share of federal tax breaks do the rich get?
How to determine if an acquittal should not have happened?
Is a jury entitled to find a defendant not guilty because the prosecution manufactured evidence?
Is fleeing arrest generally considered inconsistent with something being &quot;civil disobedience&quot;?
Is there an equivalent to Arrow&#39;s Impossibility Theorem that applies to systems where voters can give multiple candidates the same ranking?
Are there special cities or states with a special law that allows experimenting?
Where have non-consecutive term limits been used? What were the results?
What is meant by &#39;Strategic Dialogue&#39;?
Is &quot;Hillarycare&quot; typically derogatory?
Lying, Free Speech, and Original Meaning
Why did Churchill oppose Gandhi?
Congress Delegating Statutory Rewriting Power?
In what way do revolving-doors result in conflicts of interest?
Do any countries have Country of Origin Food Labeling laws?
Why are partisan groups in Afghanistan called terrorists?
Do any of the judges in USA (any jurisdiction) have to run for re-election?
Why does the US government fail to declare the recent Morsi coup of Egypt as a Coup
What are the minimal components of a self-determined constitution?
How can we define which EU countries are giving more power to regions? Which patterns are used to evaluate it?
How does Sovereignty over Airspace work?
Are any hunt sabotage groups active in the Nordic countries?
Are Australian Federal Senators Bob Carr and Kim Carr related, or do they just have the same surname by coincidence?
Why is Turkmenistan considered one of the most repressive regimes in the world?
What effect does early education have on graduation rate, pregnancy, and violent crime?
Has any same-sex common-law spouse claims been made in court?
What Divided Political Sphere means
Did &#39;State&#39; mean the same thing as today&#39;s &#39;country&#39; during the time of the foundation of the USA?
What is considered due process of law in the 5th amendment in the US Constitution?
Does the DOMA fifth amendment protections extend to religious members and unequal treatment by the IRS?
Why do some parliamentary systems have two head of states?
What laws cover the transit areas of international airports?
What percentage of the United States budget was for foster care before 1973?
Petition the President to pardon Snowden?
What about requiring external egg storage?
How is corruption measured?
Medicaid long-term care applications
Is it common for anti-war groups to oppose nuclear power?
Is there a correlation between political system and economic growth?
Is there a link between political system and any of the various quality of life indicators, including environmental impacts?
Where can I read about the Princelings in depth?
12th Amendment and President and Vice Presidents from same states
What are the practical effects of having too large a debt load?
What triggered the war in Iraq?
Which kinds of congresspeople are richer than others?
Is retrospective legislation legal in Australia?
Is it true that the US president can execute anyone without a trial?
Why does Cuba have two presidents?
Is restricting the teaching of critical thinking in schools associated with any political parties?
How Does Wisconsin&#39;s Bail Bond System Differ From Bondsmen?
Is open belief in the communism or atheism in Iran punishable by law?
What would be the economic impact of eliminating all tax deductions in the US?
Reasons for differences in U.S. laws and equivalents in a foreign country?
How to apply game theory?
How high must a craft fly in order to not be in foreign airspace?
Did Hezbollah ever have a flag with a nuclear mushroom cloud on it?
Why is targeted scrutiny from the IRS bad?
Does standard of living correlate with higher education?
Does the Corporate tax rate negatively affect the economy?
How does libertarianism challenge a &quot;property is theft&quot; counter-argument to a &quot;tax is theft&quot; argument?
What are the reasons for not letting protection against the criminals be left to trained professionals?
India and UNSC permanent seat
Why are Anglophone right-wing working class discourses fixated on taxation, state expenditure, and the state generally?
Why and how did Zambia stop accepting USD as internal currency?
Is it illegal to publish a website anonymously/pseudonymously in Germany?
What is the Overton window?
Ministry of Knowledge Economy of South Korea
How do prison phone monopolies get around the Sherman Anti-Trust Act?
A chart of the number of UN members by year
What would be considered a middle class salary in the UK?
What effect would leaving the UN have on a country?
Which Arab countries grant immigration to non-Arabs?
What exactly formally constitutes recognition of a country?
What were Margaret Sanger&#39;s goals when she founded Planned Parenthood?
Why and how is the Vice President elected in U.S?
Did any political campaign in USA ever officially acknowledge practically using Nate Silver&#39;s model or numbers?
What is constructivism in international relations?
Legalization of drugs
Is It Illegal For The IRS To Target Groups Based On Political Views?
Can a sportive competition convey a political message too?
Why do comparable states differ in corruption?
What is the difference between different non-vote strategies in Italy?
What age group is more likely to participate in social change/protesting movements/actions?
Do new Italian citizens get to vote for the Senate?
Why U.S grants visa via lottery?
Is there a practical way to implement wealth redistribution that isn&#39;t currently implemented?
What purposes do vehicle registration renewals serve in the United States?
Was Gerald Ford&#39;s experience of losing a close election after being given a chance to correct a speech and failing to do so, unusal?
Has any major politician recently called for a &quot;New Rome?&quot;
Has there been a sustained period of conservativism in the US?
Do/did non-dictatorial Communist societies exist?
Are the viable political alternatives in the US (e.g. Democrats and Republicans) considered (far) left and (far) right?
The &quot;Slippery Slope&quot;: how slippery is it?
In the context of government policies, can a progressive tax have no exemptions?
What is the miranda exemption and what are its implications?
Prohibition on incestual marriage vs same sex marriage - what does the data say?
Are there currently more wars being fought inside of a country or externally?
What&#39;s the difference between power inheritance between Feudal Monarchy and properties inheritance in modern world?
Why do labor laws exempt certain job roles from overtime?
How &quot;right to food&quot; is implemented in Western countries?
Why does the &quot;Right to Privacy&quot; not apply to reparative therapy?
What is the origin of &quot;from each according to his ability&quot; formula and why is it considered Marxist/Socialist?
Do any countries beside the US prohibit the sale of Kinder Surprise eggs?
Is a current sentence changed if the law that provided the sentence is also changed?
Is there a website or online database of what policies different politicians have voted for?
What is it that &quot;97% of climate scientists&quot; actually believe about global warming?
Are there any practically proposed/implemented ways to treat charities differently?
May the United States Congress remove any secretary?
What is the rational behind having different voting ages?
What is the economic argument for taxing sales at the place of purchaser instead of the place of provider?
Is there any evidence that legalizing prostitution decreases violence against women?
Did any state in recent history become a Monarchy?
Is the senate required to pursue a trial if presented with articles of impeachment?
What makes California a Democrat state?
Why is the phrase &quot;civil rights&quot; used with such a narrow meaning in the USA?
How is censorship on the radio constitutional?
What are the practical downsides of background checks for gun purchases?
What was the reasoning behind putting the right to keep and bear arms in the US Constitution?
Does Israel control where its own Arab Citizens can buy land?
How do I find out specifics of lobbying efforts?
Does the Toomey-Manchin proposal include a federal gun registry?
Is there any significant political movement in England to get rid of Monarchy?
What prevents the U.S Congress from adopting a capital budget?
Are clergy required to perform interracial and/or same-sex marriages in the United States?
What governmental power does the Monarch hold in Great Britain?
What are the main arguments in favour and against general assemblies as legislative bodies?
Why do Democrats support gun restrictions
Why does Israel count in many ways as European country?
Why the USA forces imperial system of measurement on other countries?
Are there any proposed systems of running the government like a corporation?
Executive actions and federal department regulations
What analogues exist for the Dutch Centraal Planbureau outside The Netherlands, if any?
How dangerous a threat does North Korea pose to the world?
Does non-religious opposition to feminism exist? If so, why?
Illegal vs Unconstitutional
What is this &quot;Other&quot; category of US federal spending and why is it so high compared to 2008?
How does the UK welfare system compare with other wealthy European nations?
What is the current impact of TARP (bank bailout) on US deficit?
Who does political Intelligence analysis?
Is there any resource which tracks the accuracy of Stratfor&#39;s predictions/forecasts?
When was the last face to face meeting between Iran government and USA government?
Does SCOTUS have jurisdiction over all federal cases, or must it go through &quot;normal channels?&quot;
Why are there so many unscheduled/premature elections in Israel?
What is the business case for the general electorate in requiring hairdressers to be licensed?
Where can I get world-wide statistics about discretionary income and similar indicators?
To what extent has the idea of &quot;laboratories of democracy&quot; worked in the US?
Are Minimum Wage laws correlated with higher poverty levels?
How does the Social Security Work in United States?
Why doesn&#39;t the Shadow Chancellor give the UK budget response?
What are Jobbik&#39;s views on the Polish-Hungarian friendship?
What law compels countries to take prisoners who wish to surrender?
How much of the deficit would be reduced by increasing taxes on the top 1% to 1990s levels?
What are the current international agreements on the Korean war?
For the U.S. Christian Right, are Sunday store openings an issue?
What would be required for states to split off and become their own nation?
who can be nominated for governor of the federal reserve system?
Which party did the US citizens who don&#39;t pay federal income taxes vote for in 2012?
Whereby is the Reformed Political Party Youth is the largest political youth organisation in The Netherlands?
How did the Senate filibuster rules apply to Sen Rand Paul&#39;s filibuster?
If Supreme Court rules against Proposition 8 in CA, will that affect any other states?
What are the political consequences of an official apology for a governement?
Has the Library of Congress violated copyright by copying the entire Twitter database?
How much is opposition to same sex marriage costing GOP electorally?
Risks from proliferation of Unmanned Combat Air Vehicles (drones)
Does the US 2013 sequester affect politicians own salaries and benefits?
What benefit does Ireland get for the tax policies that faciliate the &quot;Dutch Sandwich&quot;
Reasoning &amp; Benefits Behind the USSR Assisting China&#39;s Nuclear Program
What differences exist between the platforms of the Socialistische Partij and the Partij voor de Dieren?
What percentage of the 2013 budget does the sequester cuts represent?
Why North Korean Air Koryo is banned from the European Union?
Will the Sequester result in an increase in spending over 2012?
Does any research suggest that two-party systems lead to convergence of platforms, divergence, or otherwise?
What elements did the Bush administration have to believe Iraq stored WMD?
Do children that attend Head Start preschool programs perform significantly better than those who don&#39;t?
Why has the United States not signed and ratified the International Criminal Court?
How many non-partisan (independent) legislature members in the USA compared to the USSR?
Is there any evaluation of the effectiveness of a Social impact bond type programs?
Is there a difference between Sheriff and regular county level police officers in USA?
Are there some patterns as to which judges in US are elected and which are appointed?
Where is the process for Presidential Impeachment codified?
Can the Equal Rights Amendment still be ratified?
Are local currencies unconstitutional?
What’s the Constitutional basis for allowing natural-born U.S. citizens to renounce their citizenship?
Is legalization of marijuana legal in the United States?
What are the limits of the second amendment?
How far does in loco parentis extend for schools in America?
Hypothetical challenge to the 22nd Amendment
What is the political/legal distinction between a &quot;state&quot; and a &quot;commonwealth&quot; in the United States?
How was the US able to create a *federal* Department of Education?
If a president does extra-constitutional things, what can be done?
Why is West Virginia a state?
Can Social Security in USA be funded outside of FICA taxes?
What was the legal justification for H.R.2419 (protection of social security)?
Repaying high debt in a country, without get ruined, is it possible? Example?
What are the main differences between US First Party System and Second/Third Party Systems?
For the average American, what would the consequences be if the USA defaulted on the national debt?
Have any studies shown that lowering standards for women have improved police/firefighter performance?
Do any diversity immigrant visas exist outside the USA?
Are there good examples of countries &quot;incorrectly&quot; self-identifying as &quot;socialist&quot;?
What policy does the party &quot;True Finns&quot; (Perussuomalaiset) propose w.r.t. wolves?
(Why) are policies aimed at sustainability often associated with progressive/left-wing politics?
Does the US Policy allowing targeted assasination of Americans suspected of being terrorists violate the constitution?
What can be done to limit the power of trade unions without hurting the right of assembly?
List of appointed offices in the US at the state level
In the US, are there any groups proposing unsubsidised infrastructure?
Why would a state reject federal funding for infrastructure?
When are Russian federal elections held?
What is the purpose of the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA)?
Has sharia ever been introduced by democratic means?
Are political parties based on ethnicity democratic?
Are internet petitions a practical way to accomplish grass roots political goals?
How often do elections occur on or near Yom Kippur?
Why proportional representation is not considered in any of the US states?
Is there any functional difference between &quot;Middle East&quot; and &quot;Near East&quot;?
What is the magnitude of election fraud in the US?
Is the human rights group Amnesty International perceived as liberal in the United States?
If a governor or senator is chosen as a running mate (VP) to a president candidate, and that candidate loses, what happens?
What are the advantages of a VAT over a normal sales tax?
Are recess appointments that occur during a pro forma session really recess appointments?
Has the British Monarch ever exercised their right to revoke land &quot;ownership&quot; rights for personal use?
What is the purpose of food stamps, WIC, SNAP, and other related federal programs?
What is the status of the proposed extension of passenger railroads in the US?
Are there any proposals for a significant electrification of US railroads?
Do municipal and state police have to cooperate with federal police?
What are the arguments against an EU style transaction tax on equity and derivative markets?
Are there libertarian views on proper procedure to obtain property that was previously unowned?
Did any countries precede Nepal in introducing a 3rd legal gender?
Did any legislation ever introduce something like the Chicago Plan?
Why is redistricting not an automated process?
The ideal of representative democracy
What are the political reasons for a strong Euroscepticism in Britain?
Are there any notable Gay Rights groups advocating &quot;Get the Government out of marriage&quot; solution to same-sex marriage?
What are the practical implications of the claims for Antarctica?
Could anyone tell me why the United States has not ratified the CEDAW?
What is the difference between a constitutional law and a normal law
Is setting a &quot;low bar&quot; on qualifications for elected office similar around the world?
Does the treasury get to decide which parts of the budget to not fund if the debt ceiling is reached?
What would it take for the U.S. to ratify the Convention on the Rights of the Child?
What is Hong Kong&#39;s form of government?
In the US, why is there such a long time between the elections and inauguration?
Why is France involved in Mali?
Does the US republican party have a demographics problem?
Why didn&#39;t Americans Elect field a candidate in the last U.S. presidential election?
What arguments can be given in favour of financial barriers for participation in elections or electoral debates?
Is it possible to implement an electronic voting system which is as secure as pen-and-paper voting?
What legal impediments might there be to alternate voting systems?
What exactly do political aides do?
In the US, is it forbidden to label food as GMO-free?
What causes a change in Bo Xilai&#39;s affiliations from &quot;elitists&quot; to &quot;populists&quot;?
Why did Musharraf quarrel with the Supreme Court?
Does depreciation count in scoring a budget proposal?
Have any of the &quot;We the People&quot; petitions ever resulted in policy changes?
In the Electoral College, why can electors vote in contrast to their pledge?
Could the US legally adopt Indonesia&#39;s &#39;religion in schools&#39; setup?
Is it illegal for a U.S. government to put up a &quot;Christmas&quot; tree?
What are the reasons against plural voting?
Why can&#39;t voting be fair if there are more than two alternatives?
What is the legal role for parties in the U.S.?
What would the National Debt&#39;s minimum payment warning notice read?
In European monarchies, do any of the monarchs have the right of legislative initiative?
Does any other country than the USA have a constitutional &quot;right to bear arms&quot;?
Has a government minted this much money at once before?
What are the constitutional options for the presidency of Venezuela?
Why are US laws written in such convoluted formats?
Are there modern examples of plural voting?
What factors helped Silvio Berlusconi become the longest serving PM in post-war Italy?
Is the abortion debate as divisive outside the US as it is inside?
What are the most known examples of weighed voting that are practiced in democratic countries?
How would the trillion coin save the United States&#39; Economy?
Would Third Party Candidates in the United States fare better under a proportional representation split of electoral votes?
Did any country introduce a tax specifically on meat?
Is there any historical state that lacks the concept of marriage?
Why three levels of territorial units in the NUTS?
What exactly was in the 2012 fiscal cliff deal?
Is there evidence that the Mercator Projection map leads to real European colonial tendencies?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of fixed-term elections?
Is it allowed to protest peacefully against the government on certain issues in India?
Transition from parliamentary to presidential Republic?
US Politics, any grass root like campaign fighting the new tax increase
Do individual Commonwealth countries have to accept the new rules of succession?
How to make a democracy more efficient?
Is there a video online that shows the congressional session which confirms the US Presidential Election?
What are the political challenges in defeating organized crime?
Have any municipalities in the US ever used approval voting?
How does range voting deal with lack of objective scoring?
What is the criteria for avoiding the fiscal cliff?
List of countries that includes how much of the workforce is employed by the government
Can raising the tax on the wealthy, without cutting spending, balance the federal budget?
How is it that a corporation would not derive rights from the people inside it. (speech in particular)
Forming national-agreement government in Nepal?
Gun prevalence vs homicide rates - correlation and causation
What are practical steps citizens can take to alter a first past the post system?
Are there polls indicating party preference by major/concentration?
Why do party&#39;s candidature requirements exist in some countries?
What is the political significance of FEC fundraising deadlines?
Where and how has crowdsourcing been implemented in politics?
Why did &quot;third world&quot; fall out of favor?
Where one can find the data on Shorrocks index for the world?
In the U.S., are people with more education more likely to vote liberal?
What will it take for a &quot;Third Party&quot; to gain REAL traction at any level in the United States?
Must all democratic countries have a constitution?
From state&#39;s point of view - what makes state&#39;s authority over me legal?
Why does Italy have so many political parties?
Are there proven private elementary educational alternatives to the public model?
How is a political party radicalised, and what are the effects?
Does lowering the capital gains tax encourage investment and increase economic growth?
What criteria does a US Presidential candidate need to meet in order to appear on the ballot?
What countries have (at some point in history) been able to significantly reduce their country&#39;s debt and what policies are generally attributed?
Are single-member legislative districts a guarantee for two party systems?
Constitutionality of the Income Tax
If robotics starts replacing human workers, what will the less wealthy workers do?
Should politicians be bound to keep campaign promises?
Does a title (university degree or a peerage) increase the chances of being elected?
What would be the steps necessary for a country to leave the E.U.?
How do international rankings influence national policy?
What is the origin of the Presidential signing statement in the United States?
Why are voting advice applications not more commonly used?
What is the difference between Democracy and Ochlocracy
What factors influence the number of political parties?
Why do the United States have voting districts?
Why are Sheriffs elected in United States?
Has the Occupy Wall Street movement had significant influence on policy?
Is the United States primary system detrimental to moderate candidates?
What methodologies of measuring the power of the state are researched today?
What are the objections to implementing a flat rate income tax in the United States?
Does campaign spending correlate with popular vote?
In the US, is the ban on coordination between Super PACs and candidates effective?
Granting Search Warrants after the suspect has been pronounced dead
Has declaring an official language ever tangibly benefited a country?
How is the word &quot;populist&quot; used in practice?
What inhibits a winning candidate from doing exactly the opposite of what he promised?
Does the two-party system influence engagement?
Why do governments legislate marriage?
In US politics, what are the grounds for the Republican opposition to alternative energy?
How to find out whether you&#39;re on the left or right?
What is the difference between representative and parliamentary democracy?
Why aren&#39;t there more representatives in the United States Congress?
Does an increase in education causes an increase in the probability of voting?
Does Mcullough v. Maryland mean that charitable donations cannot be taxed?
Did Plato&#39;s The Republic influence any of the 20th century&#39;s despotic regimes?
What policies can reduce or prevent cost overruns on big infrastructure projects?
Who first proposed the idea that &quot;Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses&quot;?
What special regulations make Freetown Christiania autonomous?
Did the Socialist and the Fascist party share the electoral programme in Italy?
Which are the symptoms of a decadent Democracy degenerating to Ochlocracy?
Has there ever been a successful application of Liquid Democracy in recent (non-ancient) history?
Is there any rational alternative besides the Democracy?
How to explain the E.U. to a 5 year-old
Has there been a headless state?
How was Japan&#39;s involvement in the Korean war reconciled with Article 9 of the constitution?
Is Scotland a country?
Is Switzerland a republic?
Are there any non-religious arguments against lgbt rights in general and marriage equality in particular? If yes, which ones?
Does a newly elected Member of Parliment in an Australian State need to resign from their prior commitments?
Why are those serving in armed forces prevented from voting in Hong Kong?
How do I create a small advocacy group? Are there any important legal considerations?
Is Tasmanian Style, and Optional Preferential Voting the same thing?
What are the key factors for the rise of nationalism in Europe?
How can the impact of moving the Brazilian capital be analyzed?
What is the timeframe of the Comprehensive agreement on the Iranian nuclear program?
How to keep US airlines competitive at home with foul play from Middle East airlines?
Can you vote in a primary election in California if you will be 17 during the primary, but 18 during the general election?
Freedom of speech in the UK versus United States of America
What Behooves An Individual to Acknowledge a Country?
Can we file RTI against a private college?
Why does the EU keep Turkey out?
Socialist or Capitalist: Who is More Materialistic?
How does the Swiss system for Einb&#252;rgerung (naturalisation) work?
Why is nobody worried about Pakistan&#39;s nuclear program?
Why does Pakistan decide to buy Chinese submarines?
What exactly is the permanent benefit of the agreement with Iran for P5?
Where do the Green Party and NHA differ on NHS policy?
Why do political bodies often sit in semicircles?
Is Greece request of 279 billion euros from Germany in reparations for the Nazi occupation based on solid legal ground?
Are there any existing laws comparable to Quebec&#39;s Bill 20?
Why don&#39;t all states mandate vehicle inspections?
Why does the Israeli Blockade of Gaza cover things other than weapons?
What is the role of Ministers and the Parliamentary Secretaries in Canada?
What would happen if commons and lords votes on bills were made anonymous?
Comment organiser le mouvement anti-aust&#233;rit&#233; qu&#233;b&#233;cois?
1978, nov 7, why not Breshnew spoke?
How did the term &quot;Liberal&quot; become &quot;Progressive&quot;?
How can the war in Yemen influence the nuclear agreement of Iran and the west?
Why did Somalia fail as a state, and what keeps it from coming back?
When immigrating to Germany, does the German government check the immigrant&#39;s criminal record?
How important is God in USA politics?
What modern state has the lowest effective age of consent?
Why is it obligatory to say &quot;republic&quot; in &quot;Czech Republic&quot; and &quot;Dominican Republic&quot;?
How much aid does Palestine receive from the US?
Police(?) taking relics from a church. What is the background?
Is democracy a hegemony?
US Government software and the Freedom of Information Act
What exactly constitutes a &quot;Weapon of Mass Destruction?&quot;
Can a country prosper without a strong industrial production?
Why would an anonymous vote have hurt John Bercow&#39;s chances of being re-elected?
What is the percent of Police Officers that are indicted by a Grand Jury?
Why do people say the Indiana Religious Freedom Act will be used to discriminate against gays?
Did the USA inadvertently help ISIS?
Is there any objective reason why some states can have nuclear weapons but others can&#39;t?
Where, if at all, do statistics exist breaking down votes by race in British general elections?
What is the Benghazi scandal?
Is the $210 trillion fiscal gap measurement valid/true and is it possible to fix it?
What are you allowed to talk about on here?
Why many of the roofs in North Korea are blue?
Right to vote in police custody
Why are gay rights opposed in Japan?
Why does Kaliningrad belong to Russia?
In theory, is it allowed in the Chinese Communist Party to overthrow the president？
Aid to North Korea
Why is Islam the fastest growing religion in Europe?
Number of voters not registered
Are Russia&#39;s current military air maneuvers provocation or business as usual?
Does ISIS really follow Islamic Politics?
Are Internet Companies (Google, twitter, Facebook , ...) affected by sanctions against Iran?
How are the rights of lgbt people secured in a Socialist government?
Is an Anarchosocialist a valid political term?
What is the motivation behind the US I-Visa?
Does Obamacare grant transitional authority to the President?
Why do UK government ministers not vote on backbench motions?
Do parliamentary bodies meet year-round?
Has gun violence decreased in states with open carry laws?
What is the customary international law of transboundary fresh waters?
Will I be restricted to enter some countries if I am potential target for the terrorists?
Does the greek Syriza party have another political program than &quot;renegotiate the debt&quot;?
How reliable / respected are George Friedman / Stratfor&#39;s interpretations of geopolitics?
What are the current non-Westphalian states?
Does this petition regarding the Logan Act have any legal grounds?
Is Kim Jong-un, the Supreme Leader in a dynasty from North Korea, a monarch based on the PolySci definition?
What is the punishment for theft in Egypt?
Why fund the research in pure mathematics?
From where does the ISIS procure weapons?
Do political parties pay for opinion polls?
Are European union member states sovereign?
What is the success / failure ratio of online petitions?
Why don&#39;t signatories of Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances (except Russia) protect Ukraine with force?
Can you cite an example of law written using Big Data
Is it possible for a federated state to be a member of two federations?
Who shovels shit in full communism?
What is being done to stop the weapon supply to ISIS?
In a monarchy, what detemines the title owned by a monarch
Americans and other nationals who have died under U.N. command, broken down by conflict
Does diplomatic immunity allows a Consul to kill someone?
Can Title II reclassification of broadband be used to require ISPs to let competitors use their infrastructure?
Effective ways to prevent hijacking an organisation committee by newcomers
Why did Russia start its aggression against Ukraine after Ukraininan&#39;s 2013-2014 unrest
Why is there few immigration in former communist countries
Why isn&#39;t there a worldwide military dictatorship?
What is the accepted Libertarian defense against despots?
Union Territory also a capital?
How high should political leaders be paid?
But without government, who will take care of the poor?
How objectively do Western and Eastern media report about the current Ukraine crisis?
Can I escape arrest by entering an embassy?
What programs has the US implemented since 2008 to help education in Nigeria?
How would a Marxist classify an entrepreneur that starts their own company?
What is the purpose of political-based movies and games produced/directed/made in the U.S?
How much influence does a threat of military force by the United States have?
Are anarcho-communists territorial?
Was the boston tea party about a tax cut or a tax raise
What is the motivation for felony disenfranchisement?
Power Serves To Create Power
Was the &quot;last caliph&quot; Abdul Mejid just a symbolic caliph with no real power?
Have any systems of direct democracy ever been proposed that are specifically designed to mitigate the problem of &quot;mob rule&quot;?
How can Obama&#39;s free community college plan budget only $60B for 10 years?
What does European Union &quot;freedom of movement&quot; mean, and how much can individual countries restrict intra-EU immigration?
Could the US President and Vice President pull off a swap?
Why is denying global warming associated with conservatives?
Is America really a corporation?
What makes Pakistan so important for US?
What is Liberal Democracy?
Why is ISIS taking hostages?
Are worker cooperatives socialist, capitalist, or their own category?
How do anarchist decision models scale?
How does Anarcho Communism solve the temporal division of labor problem?
If there&#39;s no government, who will stop people from creating one?
How does jizya exactly work in the Islamic State?
Separatists against National Army -&gt; Civil War?
Problem with socialist approach to health care
Why is SSI and SSDI so far below minimum wage?
Has &quot;none of the above&quot; ever been added to a ballot? What was the effect?
What is required for the formation of a separate state/UT in India?
What are the main advantages and disadvantages of sortition?
Is opposition to vaccination correlated with other political beliefs?
Is Ukraine entitled to redress of breach to the Budapest Memorandum?
Why does Iran oppose nuclear inspections?
How can groups make more progress in moving public discourse past denial of anthropogenic climate change?
What does it mean to have a stable government?
What will Egypt use its Rafale fighter aircraft for?
Legality of watching a country&#39;s free local TV Channels abroad
How to explain that Japan and South Korea are democratic but very collectivistic countries?
Some reasons for failure of Uganda&#39;s no-party democracy
Do people who never paid FICA taxes get paid Social Security when they retire?
Why require a stable home country for release from Guantanamo Bay?
Land acquisation act in democracies
Do &quot;wipe off the map&quot; and &quot;erased from the page of time&quot; differ in meaning?
Could the rising US dollar solve Europe’s Economic Woes?
Nationhood of Nepal and Bhutan, in Indian subcontinent
What is involved in Federal Mediation?
External political consequences of a lingua franca
In the Commonwealth realms, who succeeds when a King dies leaving a daughter and a son in-utero?
Why don&#39;t politicians decide to pass laws that make themselves really rich?
What would happen if all of the US states along with the majority of other countries officially recognised the Armenian Genocide?
What are the greatest factors preventing the choice of a an official world auxiliary language?
Where does the $77 a week figure come from
What was Fred Phelps&#39; platform when he stood for election?
What are some programmatic differences between Podemos and Izquerda Unida?
Would Russia actually retaliate against a US led intervention in Ukraine
Scheduling executions in retaliation to terrorist acts
What are consequences for a country, which is sentenced for genocide?
Do CIA have their own jet fighters?
Has the US President ever been denied entry to a foreign country?
How much richer is the average member of the US Congress than the average professional in their district?
The more details in overthrowing Moursi&#39;s regime
What was the name of the court case &quot;The first federal recall election was held on January 14, 2014...&quot;?
Why doesn&#39;t Pakistan establish a diplomatic relationship with Israel?
Is there any age limit to be the Prime Minister of Pakistan in their Constitution?
Why are demonstrations in the EU more violent and massive than in the US?
Why does the United Kingdom still have a monarchy (of some sort)?
What scholars formally describe and operationalize group identity salience?
Why is the US president allowed to grant a pardon
How does direct democracy compare to representative democracy?
Where is the USA&#39;s report on enhanced interrogation techniques located?
Why is India called the biggest democratic country?
How much would basic guaranteed income cost?
What plans do European countries have if Russia closed gas pipelines to them?
Why is there so much fuss about an internet &quot;fast lane&quot; for a privileged few?
Is Wikipedia politically even-handed in its coverage of US cable news channels?
What is Iran&#39;s stance on the UN regulating technology in the field of cyberterrorism?
What, if known, are South Korea&#39;s contingency plans if the North Korea regime suddenly collapses?
Do women and men get paid equally in Canada?
Why is the U.S. Foreign Ministry called &quot;State Department&quot;?
Database of all US federal, state and county elections and candidates
Is the Chinese Communist Party really an autocracy?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of a mandatory voting system?
Are there democratic countries that restrict offensive speech?
What&#39;s the point of having thousands of nuclear missiles?
What does it mean when a party has a mandate?
Guantanamo prison and relationship between the USA and Cuba
Democracies that don&#39;t apply &quot;One vote equals one person&quot;
Which founding fathers supported the first proposed amendment to the Constitution?
Is there any democratic non-secular state?
What is the language of the Swiss national parliament?
Has the Israeli Intelligence, or Army (Mossad, IDF) ever been implicated in human trafficking?
When and why did the President of the French Republic inherit the titles of the King of France?
India - States and Union Territories
What is the difference between Louisiana&#39;s Revised Statutes and Civil Code?
If all the citizens have same rights why some must pay a higher tax rate?
Has a libertarian party ever won a parliamentary election anywhere?
What are the reasons for people to oppose Basic Income Guarantee?
How was Japan&#39;s involvement in the Korean war reconciled with Article 9 of the constitution?
Is Scotland a country?
Is Switzerland a republic?
Are there any non-religious arguments against lgbt rights in general and marriage equality in particular? If yes, which ones?
Does a newly elected Member of Parliment in an Australian State need to resign from their prior commitments?
Why are those serving in armed forces prevented from voting in Hong Kong?
How do I create a small advocacy group? Are there any important legal considerations?
Is Tasmanian Style, and Optional Preferential Voting the same thing?
What are the key factors for the rise of nationalism in Europe?
How can the impact of moving the Brazilian capital be analyzed?
What is the timeframe of the Comprehensive agreement on the Iranian nuclear program?
How to keep US airlines competitive at home with foul play from Middle East airlines?
Can you vote in a primary election in California if you will be 17 during the primary, but 18 during the general election?
Freedom of speech in the UK versus United States of America
What Behooves An Individual to Acknowledge a Country?
Can we file RTI against a private college?
Why does the EU keep Turkey out?
Socialist or Capitalist: Who is More Materialistic?
How does the Swiss system for Einb&#252;rgerung (naturalisation) work?
Why is nobody worried about Pakistan&#39;s nuclear program?
Why does Pakistan decide to buy Chinese submarines?
What exactly is the permanent benefit of the agreement with Iran for P5?
Where do the Green Party and NHA differ on NHS policy?
Why do political bodies often sit in semicircles?
Is Greece request of 279 billion euros from Germany in reparations for the Nazi occupation based on solid legal ground?
Are there any existing laws comparable to Quebec&#39;s Bill 20?
Why don&#39;t all states mandate vehicle inspections?
Why does the Israeli Blockade of Gaza cover things other than weapons?
What is the role of Ministers and the Parliamentary Secretaries in Canada?
What would happen if commons and lords votes on bills were made anonymous?
Comment organiser le mouvement anti-aust&#233;rit&#233; qu&#233;b&#233;cois?
1978, nov 7, why not Breshnew spoke?
How did the term &quot;Liberal&quot; become &quot;Progressive&quot;?
How can the war in Yemen influence the nuclear agreement of Iran and the west?
Why did Somalia fail as a state, and what keeps it from coming back?
When immigrating to Germany, does the German government check the immigrant&#39;s criminal record?
How important is God in USA politics?
What modern state has the lowest effective age of consent?
Why is it obligatory to say &quot;republic&quot; in &quot;Czech Republic&quot; and &quot;Dominican Republic&quot;?
How much aid does Palestine receive from the US?
Police(?) taking relics from a church. What is the background?
Is democracy a hegemony?
US Government software and the Freedom of Information Act
What exactly constitutes a &quot;Weapon of Mass Destruction?&quot;
Can a country prosper without a strong industrial production?
Why would an anonymous vote have hurt John Bercow&#39;s chances of being re-elected?
What is the percent of Police Officers that are indicted by a Grand Jury?
Why do people say the Indiana Religious Freedom Act will be used to discriminate against gays?
Did the USA inadvertently help ISIS?
Is there any objective reason why some states can have nuclear weapons but others can&#39;t?
Where, if at all, do statistics exist breaking down votes by race in British general elections?
What is the Benghazi scandal?
Is the $210 trillion fiscal gap measurement valid/true and is it possible to fix it?
What are you allowed to talk about on here?
Why many of the roofs in North Korea are blue?
Right to vote in police custody
Why are gay rights opposed in Japan?
Why does Kaliningrad belong to Russia?
In theory, is it allowed in the Chinese Communist Party to overthrow the president？
Aid to North Korea
Why is Islam the fastest growing religion in Europe?
Number of voters not registered
Are Russia&#39;s current military air maneuvers provocation or business as usual?
Does ISIS really follow Islamic Politics?
Are Internet Companies (Google, twitter, Facebook , ...) affected by sanctions against Iran?
How are the rights of lgbt people secured in a Socialist government?
Is an Anarchosocialist a valid political term?
What is the motivation behind the US I-Visa?
Does Obamacare grant transitional authority to the President?
Why do UK government ministers not vote on backbench motions?
Do parliamentary bodies meet year-round?
Has gun violence decreased in states with open carry laws?
What is the customary international law of transboundary fresh waters?
Will I be restricted to enter some countries if I am potential target for the terrorists?
Does the greek Syriza party have another political program than &quot;renegotiate the debt&quot;?
How reliable / respected are George Friedman / Stratfor&#39;s interpretations of geopolitics?
What are the current non-Westphalian states?
Does this petition regarding the Logan Act have any legal grounds?
Is Kim Jong-un, the Supreme Leader in a dynasty from North Korea, a monarch based on the PolySci definition?
What is the punishment for theft in Egypt?
Why fund the research in pure mathematics?
From where does the ISIS procure weapons?
Do political parties pay for opinion polls?
Are European union member states sovereign?
What is the success / failure ratio of online petitions?
Why don&#39;t signatories of Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances (except Russia) protect Ukraine with force?
Can you cite an example of law written using Big Data
Is it possible for a federated state to be a member of two federations?
Who shovels shit in full communism?
What is being done to stop the weapon supply to ISIS?
In a monarchy, what detemines the title owned by a monarch
Americans and other nationals who have died under U.N. command, broken down by conflict
Does diplomatic immunity allows a Consul to kill someone?
Can Title II reclassification of broadband be used to require ISPs to let competitors use their infrastructure?
Effective ways to prevent hijacking an organisation committee by newcomers
Why did Russia start its aggression against Ukraine after Ukraininan&#39;s 2013-2014 unrest
Why is there few immigration in former communist countries
Why isn&#39;t there a worldwide military dictatorship?
What is the accepted Libertarian defense against despots?
Union Territory also a capital?
How high should political leaders be paid?
But without government, who will take care of the poor?
How objectively do Western and Eastern media report about the current Ukraine crisis?
Can I escape arrest by entering an embassy?
What programs has the US implemented since 2008 to help education in Nigeria?
How would a Marxist classify an entrepreneur that starts their own company?
What is the purpose of political-based movies and games produced/directed/made in the U.S?
How much influence does a threat of military force by the United States have?
Are anarcho-communists territorial?
Was the boston tea party about a tax cut or a tax raise
What is the motivation for felony disenfranchisement?
Power Serves To Create Power
Was the &quot;last caliph&quot; Abdul Mejid just a symbolic caliph with no real power?
Have any systems of direct democracy ever been proposed that are specifically designed to mitigate the problem of &quot;mob rule&quot;?
How can Obama&#39;s free community college plan budget only $60B for 10 years?
What does European Union &quot;freedom of movement&quot; mean, and how much can individual countries restrict intra-EU immigration?
Could the US President and Vice President pull off a swap?
Why is denying global warming associated with conservatives?
Is America really a corporation?
What makes Pakistan so important for US?
What is Liberal Democracy?
Why is ISIS taking hostages?
Are worker cooperatives socialist, capitalist, or their own category?
How do anarchist decision models scale?
How does Anarcho Communism solve the temporal division of labor problem?
If there&#39;s no government, who will stop people from creating one?
How does jizya exactly work in the Islamic State?
Separatists against National Army -&gt; Civil War?
Problem with socialist approach to health care
Why is SSI and SSDI so far below minimum wage?
Has &quot;none of the above&quot; ever been added to a ballot? What was the effect?
What is required for the formation of a separate state/UT in India?
What are the main advantages and disadvantages of sortition?
Is opposition to vaccination correlated with other political beliefs?
Is Ukraine entitled to redress of breach to the Budapest Memorandum?
Why does Iran oppose nuclear inspections?
How can groups make more progress in moving public discourse past denial of anthropogenic climate change?
What does it mean to have a stable government?
What will Egypt use its Rafale fighter aircraft for?
Legality of watching a country&#39;s free local TV Channels abroad
How to explain that Japan and South Korea are democratic but very collectivistic countries?
Some reasons for failure of Uganda&#39;s no-party democracy
Do people who never paid FICA taxes get paid Social Security when they retire?
Why require a stable home country for release from Guantanamo Bay?
Land acquisation act in democracies
Do &quot;wipe off the map&quot; and &quot;erased from the page of time&quot; differ in meaning?
Could the rising US dollar solve Europe’s Economic Woes?
Nationhood of Nepal and Bhutan, in Indian subcontinent
What is involved in Federal Mediation?
External political consequences of a lingua franca
In the Commonwealth realms, who succeeds when a King dies leaving a daughter and a son in-utero?
Why don&#39;t politicians decide to pass laws that make themselves really rich?
What would happen if all of the US states along with the majority of other countries officially recognised the Armenian Genocide?
What are the greatest factors preventing the choice of a an official world auxiliary language?
Where does the $77 a week figure come from
What was Fred Phelps&#39; platform when he stood for election?
What are some programmatic differences between Podemos and Izquerda Unida?
Would Russia actually retaliate against a US led intervention in Ukraine
Scheduling executions in retaliation to terrorist acts
What are consequences for a country, which is sentenced for genocide?
Do CIA have their own jet fighters?
Has the US President ever been denied entry to a foreign country?
How much richer is the average member of the US Congress than the average professional in their district?
The more details in overthrowing Moursi&#39;s regime
What was the name of the court case &quot;The first federal recall election was held on January 14, 2014...&quot;?
Why doesn&#39;t Pakistan establish a diplomatic relationship with Israel?
Is there any age limit to be the Prime Minister of Pakistan in their Constitution?
Why are demonstrations in the EU more violent and massive than in the US?
Why does the United Kingdom still have a monarchy (of some sort)?
What scholars formally describe and operationalize group identity salience?
Why is the US president allowed to grant a pardon
How does direct democracy compare to representative democracy?
Where is the USA&#39;s report on enhanced interrogation techniques located?
Why is India called the biggest democratic country?
How much would basic guaranteed income cost?
What plans do European countries have if Russia closed gas pipelines to them?
Why is there so much fuss about an internet &quot;fast lane&quot; for a privileged few?
Is Wikipedia politically even-handed in its coverage of US cable news channels?
What is Iran&#39;s stance on the UN regulating technology in the field of cyberterrorism?
What, if known, are South Korea&#39;s contingency plans if the North Korea regime suddenly collapses?
Do women and men get paid equally in Canada?
Why is the U.S. Foreign Ministry called &quot;State Department&quot;?
Database of all US federal, state and county elections and candidates
Is the Chinese Communist Party really an autocracy?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of a mandatory voting system?
Are there democratic countries that restrict offensive speech?
What&#39;s the point of having thousands of nuclear missiles?
What does it mean when a party has a mandate?
Guantanamo prison and relationship between the USA and Cuba
Democracies that don&#39;t apply &quot;One vote equals one person&quot;
Which founding fathers supported the first proposed amendment to the Constitution?
Is there any democratic non-secular state?
What is the language of the Swiss national parliament?
Has the Israeli Intelligence, or Army (Mossad, IDF) ever been implicated in human trafficking?
When and why did the President of the French Republic inherit the titles of the King of France?
India - States and Union Territories
What is the difference between Louisiana&#39;s Revised Statutes and Civil Code?
If all the citizens have same rights why some must pay a higher tax rate?
Has a libertarian party ever won a parliamentary election anywhere?
What are the reasons for people to oppose Basic Income Guarantee?
Does the right to freedom of association give private organizations the right to discriminate on a religious basis?
What were the causes of Jewish Question?
Organisations like AI and HRW but more anti-anti-semitic
What is the purpose of the motion to reconsider the vote by which the resolution was agreed to, in the first Senate session?
Why is the German government now in favour of the possibility of Greece leaving the eurozone?
How do you get a City Clerk to open/release the Plain Text Records of Public Meetings?
What does it mean to send a resolution &quot;over, under the rule&quot;?
Why is East Coast being reprivatized?
What&#39;s causing Daesh&#39;s success in recruiting among westerners?
Has Russia damaged its reputation by lying?
Are records of legislative processes publicly available and if so, how does one find their uncut versions?
Why does Russia try to stop Ukraine from approaching to the EU
What are the relevant models and dynamics of immigration and asylum politics?
Is there an optimal size of a parliament?
What is the difference between liberalism and libertarianism?
Population size and the viability of democracy
Why there is so little western coverage of Japan Emperor&#39;s consiliatory tone in his 2015 New Year speech?
Is popularity with the Russian public important for Putin?
Where did all this deficit come from?
LBJ Quote - did he actually say this?
Was there any war Russia has ignited that was NOT explained by its &quot;support&quot; of a newly-created &quot;People&#39;s Republic&quot;?
Why hasn&#39;t North Korea adopted a market economy?
Does social media such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc. play an important role in many upheaval movements?
What is the meaning of the obligation by French Presidents that nuncios wear the biretta?
How are quarrels managed according to anarchism?
How likely is Greece to hold general elections by summer 2015?
Does a ban on political campaigning on the preceding day of polling affect election outcome?
Who are the individuals behind China&#39;s right against self-incrimination initiative?
What factors account for the Republicans election failures in urbanized areas?
Who said that organizations tend over time to become more liberal?
What prevents the president from quitting the job to the vice president?
Can a United States judge register to a political party?
Why do Iran and Saudi Arabia share the same &quot;age of majority&quot;?
Are there any studies that show impact of compulsory voting on outcomes?
Is there any tangible effect of position on same sex marriage for a polititian (as opposed to party affiliation or other policies) among LGBT voters?
What are the objections to federally recognized civil unions as opposed to same sex marriages?
How did House Resolution 367 pass on the same day as introduced without a 2/3 majority?
What is a public office for the purposes of the No Religious Test Clause
How are committees in the Indian Parliament formed?
Why does Rwanda have a high proportion of women in parliament?
Is there a correlation between decentralisation of government and size of public sector?
How could a US Senator be prevented from reading classified information into the record?
Why is the Slave Trade provision of the US Constitution so broad?
Why do republicans oppose S.2569, the Bring Jobs Back Act?
What reforms have successfully avoided the issues of Gerrymandering?
What is the difference between the Chancellor and the President of Germany?
Is there separation of religion and state in Canada?
What caused the sarcastically used title &quot;Minister for Women&quot; to be used against Abbott?
In the United States, what is the difference between a registered and unregistered lobbyist?
What is the &quot;Fiscal Cliff&quot; in the United States?
What challenges remain for online voting?
Who is the last US President to oversee a reduction in debt?
Why is the UK Administration not separate from the house?
Marinetti&#39;s Manifesto Concerning The Ethiopian Colonial War
What caused the racial shift of America&#39;s parties?
Why is Theodore Roosevelt&#39;s time with the Rough Riders seen so positively?
Is it true that Republicans have an unfair geographical advantage in elections for the House of Representatives?
Historically, what media of exchange have been used for trade between Russia and China?
Nationally-mandated term limits for mayors?
What is the nature of the &quot;communist government&quot; that West Bengal had for 34 years?
Maintaining international stability while reducing US military influence
Why doesn&#39;t Pakistan have any strong cooperation with Turkey like China?
Why did UK have Queen instead of King?
Do parliaments exist where the amount of non-voters is represented?
Has Japan&#39;s &quot;Special Secrecy Law&quot; been condemned by the United Nations?
Can the POTUS neuter &quot;advice and consent&quot; by refusing to delegate?
Are the OECD, IMF and the WTO really relevant organizations and what is the price for a country to ignore them?
Controlling Time in the House of Representatives
What is the difference between developed countries and developing countries?
If the US switched to the metric system, what would the net 20-year economic savings be?
With regards to the war on terror, has the United States stopped torturing?
Why United States people seems so adverse to a Public Health system?
Why don&#39;t Black Americans vote Republican?
What are the guarantees that international debt will be payed back ever?
Why didn&#39;t the USA (west) take measures to stop China from became the new superpower while they can?
Is the definition of democracy a non-optimal set of laws?
How does Vermont have independant senators?
Is the UK a republic?
Why can&#39;t I register with multiple political parties?
Do politicians test new policies before executing them?
Devolution in the United Kingdom (or England)
Can the U.S. President force all police officers to wear cameras?
Doesn&#39;t the 14th ammendment gaurantee that anyone can run for president? Not just natural born citizens?
Could President Obama sue &quot;The Right&quot; for Defamation?
Why would a country ever store its gold deposits abroad?
strategically (un)important locations in Europe
Israel&#39;s list of designated terrorist organizations?
Why does Israel build settlements in Palestine?
Are there countries other than Israel where the legislative body often dissolves before its term is up?
Is &quot;exemplary punishment&quot; applicable in modern legal systems?
Pros/Cons of anonymity in a modern democracy?
Does the state has the legal obligation to enforce the law?
Are abenomics failing? Is it working as expected?
Have we already seen the collapses of the stability instability paradox?
Sino-Indian War of 1962
How do particularly large legislative bodies function as compared to small ones?
Can an action by a branch be called &quot;constitutional&quot; without having been challenged in court?
What is the diffence between the President of Germany and Chancellor of Germany?
Would it be possible to &quot;flip the ticket&quot; in American Presidential politics?
In India,how can a non member of parliament become a Cabinet Minister, for how long and for how many terms?
Have past U.S. presidents been as involved in social commentary as the current one?
Would the Clayton Antitrust Act prevent the proposed &quot;Fast Lane&quot; of the internet problem with net neutrality?
Would the Congressional Apportionment Amendment have any effect on the House of Representatives if it were ratified today?
What are the differences between the Tea Party and the Republican Party?
Has the world ever seen pure Communism?
Have any Marxists won the Nobel Prize in the last 50 years?
Has there been a surge in illegal immigration since implementing the DACA?
Does the President have the Constitutional authority to refuse to deport 3-5 million illegal immigrants?
Why are political party memberships public in the US?
Why does the U.S. left-wing party hate being called &quot;socialist&quot;, but in France the left-wing party proudly calls itself &quot;the Socialist Party&quot;?
How much power does the Iranian president have?
Will basic income necessarily be a government initiative?
What are the expected economic ramifications of the Swiss basic income initiative? Has something like this ever been tried before?
What opinion of Cosmopolitanism do the two political parties of the USA have?
What are the differences between Confusianism, Maoism and the CPC?
When can US Executive Branch not enforce an existing law?
What is the most effective policy for reducing rapes on college campus?
Are Running Mates Constitutional (US President/VP)
What does &quot;middle class&quot; mean in America?
What&#39;s the cause of the general rightward shift in western politics over the last 30 years?
Is requiring removal of face coverings a violation of a persons civil rights?
What do world leaders normally do once they quit the top job?
if a bill dies can it be reintroduced
Is democracy failing nowadays?
Can a person who had his gun license revoked in one state move to a different state and acquire a new license?
Freedom of religion in the US Congress
In USA, can a kid, born in a City / Town A, allow to study in a School in a City / Town B? They can&#39;t in Australia
Why Dictatorship works when democracy fails?
What keeps India from reacting more aggressively to Pakistani or Chinese infringement of its borders?
Was Hitler&#39;s regime a right-wing regime?
How do civilian goverments keep on check military power?
Why is the role of the US president not more closely linked to the House of Representatives?
Are there clear rules of when the president can and cannot use executive action?
What impact do broken families and little church attendance on black youth&#39;s odds of success?
Can private entities directly fund federal organizations?
How do Libertarians address the case of &quot;I sold my soul to the company store&quot;?
Statistics on those who completed prison term by country
Why don&#39;t women vote more for female candidates for office?
How did Saira Blair (age 18) win the election?
Why did the Lewinsky scandal have such big impact?
Is fluoridation practiced in the Palestinian territories?
Do Japanese governments support fluoridation?
What are the origins of non-aggression politics within liberalism?
Would legalization of drugs increase the power of the FARC?
How much money did Obama&#39;s Ebola czar Ron Klain donate to the Democratic Party?
When allies have leaders of the same ideological orientation in power at the same time - does it improve their foreign relations?
Is there a tendency for female and minority candidates to attract female and minority challengers, respectively?
Does controlling the two chambers of the congress make the passing of new laws easier in the U.S.A.?
Why is the Israeli-Palestinian conflict such a big issue?
How much will the upcoming election be driven by the government shutdown?
Has any elected American Politician endorsed proportional representation?
How many votes were cast in the 2014 EU elections?
What is the reason for sudden drop in crude oil prices?
Could Gore have won the Florida recount?
Why do late-counted votes tend to be Democratic in most states?
What does the US produce?
How many known cases of in-person voter fraud could have been prevented by Voter ID Laws?
Can an 11% minority actually pass a Constitutional amendment?
What is the furthest an amendment has gotten to &#39;fix&#39; the elastic and commerce clauses?
Was the Chinese Immigrants Amendment Act 1907 of New Zealand administered arbitrarily?
Would a Libertarian argue for full disclosure in political donations for transparency&#39;s sake or full privacy for the donor?
Are political alignments of African or Caribbean black immigrants in line with African-Americans?
Why not give representatives as many votes as they received in the election?
How much more do men earn than women for doing the same job?
Do quarantines violate due process?
Did any of Ron Klein&#39;s positions in 1998-2008 period limit contributions?
Is there a term for militant groups like the LRA and Boko Haram?
Was there any specific motivation for the &quot;Shanghai Fugu Agreement&quot;?
What is the purpose of direct mandates in the German electoral system?
In the US, is there a documentable difference in musical genre preference between Democrats and Republicans?
What is the origin of the idea that money is somehow special as far as &quot;fairness&quot; in political thinking?
Why does the left side with the Palestinians?
Does ISIS justify its attacks based on the actions of others?
How could it happen that Ukraine soldiers did not try to defend against the invasion?
Why don&#39;t unions negotiate members-only contracts in right-to-work states?
What are the minimal requirements for a system to be called democratic?
Why is Japan more revisionist about its World War II era actions than Germany?
How do today&#39;s Germans percieve the Nazis
Would reducing the maximum working hours also reduce unemployment?
What is the historical basis of Israeli and Palestinian claims to the land that is now under Israeli control?
What is the legal justification for quarantining someone without medical justification?
Why hasn&#39;t Indian Govt still take a step to slow down the rate of population in India?
In India, can a cabinet ministry post be removed from the cabinet?
Reality-based non-religious conservative news source?
Did any founding father endorse unicameralism or at least bring up concerns about the deadlock risks of bicameralism?
Why was there a sharp increase in the margin of support of independence in Scotland in August/September 2014?
Does any US defense whitepaper or public policy document espouse boosting the UK&#39;s force projection or military power?
Why does Turkey suppress Kurdish culture?
Why do Palestinians want a one state solution?
Online data on Australian politician votes
What are the reasons why Mexico remanis so poorly industrialized?
Could a technological and scientifical proletariat worker class becomes real?
What prevents a large corporation from subdividing itself in order to avoid internet sales taxes?
How are criminal cases with citizens from rogue states handled?
In the US, why do libertarians tend to side with the GOP rather than the DNC?
Do disabled people have less of a right to their medical information than legal adults?
How can we ever free ourselves from oil when government is so dependent on it?
Why is the Obama administration&#39;s counter-terrorism policies different to what was promised?
Effects of Government shutdown on the deficit
can the conspiracy theorists represent a credible political ideology?
Why are political promises NOT treated as verbal contacts?
How do the people in a one-party dictatorship take out their frustration at their government?
Governments friendly to the USA willing to accept Guantanamo detainees from other countries
What is the fundamental difference between the Democratic Party and the Republican Party?
Whose agreement is needed to use nuclear weapons in different countries?
What personal identification documents does the British Queen have?
Is the ruling Chinese party seen more favorably than it was 25 years ago?
How can the UK Labour Party get a majority without a plurality of the popular vote?
Why don&#39;t Iraqi Kurds buy more weapons with their oil?
Does the Arizona bill grant a religious exemption to discrimination laws?
Is the Success of the Solar Energy Policies in Australia the motivation of the carbon tax backlash?
Predominating world map centering by country
Was the change in government in Ukraine legal?
What is the United States&#39; interest in Ukraine?
What is the historical composition by party of Australian parliament (HOR &amp; Senate)?
How come Gerrymandering is still legal?
Are there studies on how manipulable protests are?
When the founding fathers of the USA added Freedom of Religion, were there any religions in North America that killed in the name of religion?
Why did democracy survive in India, whereas in most countries of the time it didn&#39;t?
What is the operational chain (in details?) of transfering donations to the Palestinians?
Is the Left-Right divide applicable everywhere, especially in India?
Why is the National Diet of Japan so similar to the Houses of Parliament of the UK
What enables ~30k ISIS fighters to compete with ~190k peshmerga, &amp; others?
Is Turkey covertly supporting the Islamic State?
What&#39;s the purpose of burning rubber tires during protests?
To whom does the Islamic State sell their oil?
If Scotland had become independent, what would have been its political system?
What can Pakistan do; so as to be treated by the USA as an ally with the advantages countries like Japan or South Korea enjoy
Are heads of state who are not heads of government liable for ICC prosecution?
Which open source licenses have been tested in a US or EU court?
General term for voting procedure where one group pre-selects n out of m, other selects 1 out of n?
Why has North Korea been assigned IP addresses?
How do states without Voter ID laws ensure that people are who they say they are?
Is there bias against Israel at the UN and mainstream media?
Why can&#39;t the Ukraine just surrender Donetsk and Luhansk?
What is USA&#39;s position on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict?
Why does ISIS have bombable infrastructure?
Name of political tactic
Example of Ostrom&#39;s 2nd principle applied to common peer-production resources
Appellate procedure in the United States
Why did &quot;inter-racial&quot; marriage attract disapproval even from African-Americans?
What is the rationale for &quot;Employer&#39;s National Insurance&quot; in the UK?
Members of Central American Tariff System (SAC)
Monetary policy: why does the dollar work for the US, but the Euro doesn&#39;t for the EU
What are the reasons for such differences in the size of shadow economy?
What threat does the establishment of an Islamic State by ISIS pose in the region and the world?
Why is US supporting ISIS in Syria while opposing it in Iraq?
Why does the US allow political campaign advertising?
Why do people consider Israel to be an &quot;apartheid&quot; country?
Why has Japan been largely pacifist since WWII?
How much lives could they&#39;ve saved if they would have used war money in health?
Have governments ever made female genital mutilation compulsory?
Do E.U. employees pay tax on their salaries?
What is the difference between EFTA and the EU?
Is it possible to leave EU but remain in Eurozone, legally?
Are there any whistleblower protection regulations in the EU?
Where can I find a list of the cases brought to the International Court Of Justice?
Why did the israeli-palestinian conflict start?
What reasons does Argentina have to participate in US court proceedings against it in the debt crisis?
U.N. Group of Eminent Persons: membership of 2001 group and general purpose?
What happens with new parts of land that has been formed in a part of the ocean that does not belong to any country?
Does Geneva Convention apply to countries which aren&#39;t signatories?
Has there ever been a case where a state ejected a portion of itself?
Anti-Aircraft capabilities of IS
What was the political status of Egypt during World War II?
What are Tax Credits?
Who decides on US congressional hearings topics and schedule?
Is the monarch of the Commonwealth Realms a citizen of any or all of them?
Is there a federal law that prevents a person from finding out which US Congress candidate another US citizen voted for in a previous election?
Why are some groups saying that the US supports the Syrian Rebels?
Below-zero interest rates vs. inflation?
Was it technically possible for BUK system to crash an airplane in Ukraine?
Why isn&#39;t the alternative vote standard for most nations?
What is the reason why none of the criticisms of Israel vis-&#224;-vis the West Bank apply to China and Tibet?
Can one leave the gaza strip permanently?
Is present-day nazism correlated with their countries&#39; allegiance in WWII?
Africa&#39;s role in the U.S. efforts against terrorism?
Tricameral system where third chamber&#39;s only power is to revoke legislation
Reform of United Nations Security Council
Has the Orange Revolution improved the fairness of Ukrainian elections according to independent observers?
What will Scotland&#39;s status in the EU be, assuming Scots vote for independence?
What is (or would be) Scotland&#39;s official two-letter country code?
Can the SNP and Plaid Cymru be accurately categorized as national socialists?
What 8 U.S. Presidents Owned Slaves During Their Presidency?
Rajya sabha member and Election in India
Why is Scotland attempting to become independent?
Overall, what is the reaction of nearby countries to the Syria civil conflict?
Is the United States of America a Democracy?
Is discrimination against hibakushas (atomic bomb victims) legal?
How does the Cuban system for municipal elections work?
Why do independents choose a party to caucus with?
Why is redrawing the artificial borders not a viable solution to conflicted states?
Why doesn&#39;t a conservative majority SCOTUS repeal Roe v. Wade?
Is &quot;non-white&quot; politically incorrect in South Africa?
Is the Indian Flag code of conduct enforceable?
What is the oldest law still in force?
Are future people counted when considering how many people will be affected by a policy change?
Iran&#39;s list of designated terrorist organizations?
Is there any position in the U.S. Government that is not required to answer to the president?
What&#39;s the right terminology for a democratic, free and and anti-dictatorial socialism/communism?
What&#39;s going on in Crimea (Ukraine crisis) in simplest terms?
Is the Naminara Republic recognized by any nation?
Which sovereign states currently have nuclear power stations but no nuclear weapons programs?
Why aren&#39;t the Jewish settlements legal under International Law, Canon Law, US domestic law, and historic rules for obtaining sovereignty?
Criminal behavior by US Diplomatic appointees?
What is a &quot;cruel and unusual&quot; punishment?
US Presidential salary
What are the benefits/drawbacks of a weighted vote based upon federal taxes paid?
Where does the right to refuse service come from?
World Map with Country Borders in the Oceans
Is polling about fringe beliefs reliable?
Decision-making in small American cities
If a US Supreme Court justice dies between voting and releasing ruling, does their vote count?
What was the rationale behind cutting SNAP payments? when will it increase again?
Question regarding concessions during presidential elections
If Democrats lose the Senate now, what are the chances of getting it back in 2016?
What happens if Ukraine and Russia go to war?
Federal Open Market Committee Voting Procedure
Designate a country as &quot;State Sponsor of Terrorism&quot;
What is the role and responsiblity of the king in Spain in the Spanish government?
What would happen if the same person were elected both President and Vice President?
Can an electoral college member vote twice for the same man?
Was there ANY official condemnation of Hamas over use of civilians and especially children as human shields?
How can I have someone prove they represent a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization over the internet?
Banking industry chooses Secretary of Treasury?
Icelandic Constitutional Assembly/Council
What is the role of Union United in UK politics?
What are the requisites for political change?
Is encounter of Hafiz Saeed possible for India?
Is preemptive war illegal or just politically untenable?
Could Obama have passed Obamacare in the first 2 years when the Dems controlled both houses?
Did the United States use &quot;Concentration camp&quot; in internment-related terminology?
Does speaking the same language reduce the likelihood of war?
Turkey&#39;s list of designated terrorist organizations?
How could Congress impeach the President of the USA before pardoned?
How do independents choose a party to caucus with?
Does someone who didn&#39;t vote have a right to complain?
What will happen to an economy if the government cuts government spending during a recession to fight a budget deficit?
Was there ever a case where a country was forced to return a land obtained from defensive war?
How is UKIP seen in the United States or elsewhere?
What foreign investment is safer than US Treasury bonds and what market share do they have?
What is the legality of using foreign law to decide domestic cases?
Does it make sense for Jordan &amp; Egypt to annex Gaza and the West Bank?
&quot;Widespread belief in North Korea that Kim-il Sung &#39;created the world&#39;&quot;?
Practical ways to help the United States, European and other nations deal with embargo
Could the SCOTUS void a Presidential Pardon?
Why is there no call for Hamas to protect and reduce civilian casualties?
Why do parties wait to release their election year policies?
What does &quot;teabagger&quot; mean in the politics?
Does a presidential runner up get automatic security clearance in the US?
Why won&#39;t Israel just capture Palestine?
What is the purpose of Anti Money laundering Act?
Could the President of the United States refuse to wage a war Congress declared?
What direct actions could Hamas take to effectively show a leadership role in protecting Palestinian Civilians?
Can I recall my US Senator or Representatives in Congress?
who are Salafi Jihadi?
What characterizes an act of war as &quot;war crime?&quot;
What can the rest of the World do to stop Israel-Palestine war?
Is there anything in UN charter or laws prohibiting a country to seek the destruction of another country?
Laws that prohibit intra country migrations
What is the purpose of establishment of United Nations?
What measures exist to impose budget-like changes without passing through the Australian senate?
Did Reagan use public spending to make the GDP grow?
Why does Israel support Mahmoud Abbas while Palestinian people have shown by their votes they want Hamas
Does international regulation forbid a country to kill children in a conflict if the other part uses them as human shields?
Why is Jeremy Bentham considered Liberal?
Why are punitive damages not awarded to the government in a civil litigation
What prevents Israel from expanding into other countries?
What policies are in place to help mitigate the downsides of capitalism?
Governments&#39; fining of non-government entities - where does the money go?
Reason behind cancelling Death sentence
Would you explain &#39;development from bourgeois oppression&#39;?
Which is the top total tax-revenue increase in the Western World since the Great Depression?
Are there constituencies for the partition of the Ukraine?
How accountable will Russia be if it emerges they have supplied the Surface-to-Air Weaponry that brought down Malaysia Airlines flight MH17?
How could the Ukrainian rebels get SAMs?
Why is it in the United State&#39;s national Interest to care what&#39;s happening between Israel and Palestine?
UKIP: is it real major third party in UK?
Has Kitchen v Herbert Gone Into Effect?
Why does the new Australian Senate first sit so late?
Is the PATRIOT ACT constitutional?
Would shorter election cycles bring cleaner and better politics?
How responsible is Ukraine for allowing civil planes to fly over a war zone?
Why is Egypt being the peace-keeper?
What determines the identify of &quot;the minority party&quot; leadership if there are more than two parties?
How do parties justify a chief whip?
Legal basis for President&#39;s immediate advisers immunity from Congressional compulsion to testify
In an MMP system, why don&#39;t parties game the system by splitting into two parties?
How possible is it for a city&#39;s courts to assuage fiscal distress with extreme bail?
Has the Jewish Defense League been designated as a terrorist group by the FBI/USA?
If a baby was born on the Palmyra Atoll, does the baby have U.S. citizenship?
Are Palestinians stateless?
How do international corporations have the right to free speech?
Collaborative Policy creation software
How did ISIS Gain control of a stockpile of weapons that did not exist?
What do past results suggest will happen if North Korea tests a nuke in the ocean?
What does it mean for a candidate to be a &quot;tea-party&quot; candidate
Is there a law to prevent global nuclear war when the terrorist are able steal nuke technology from a lot of country that have nukes?
Does the Hobby Lobby case apply to all corporations and all birth control?
Did the USA ever officially apologize for shooting down &quot;Iran Air Flight 655&quot; in 3 July of 1988?
What is the political motivation that makes US never invade Canada?
Is it legal for a police to incorporate as a private 501(c)(3) organizations?
Which US laws apply on a Native American/ Indian Reservation?
What is the purpose of gay pride parades? If the purpose is clear, is it productive or counterproductive?
Is there voting theory regarding combining the results of multiple votes by multiple groups on a single topic?
Cronysm vs oligarchy
Would it be better if all legislators will be required to obtain a law degree before entering into politics?
Where can I see the total annual salary (by year?) of each of the employees of the UN?
What level of autonomy do regions within the Russian Federation have?
Has the Veterans Administration backlog and average wait time improved since Obama has taken office?
UN veto power deprivation
Couldn&#39;t those threatened with asset freezes simply move their money?
Does banning of anti-democratic parties violate principles of democracy?
How was arranging the trade of POW Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl for five detainees possible without “negotiating with terrorists”?
Is Russia socially freer than UK?
How is the Venus Project resource-based economy different than communism?
How can some politicians become cabinet ministers without winning elections in India?
Why haven&#39;t any Governments banned cigarette sales when it has been proven that it&#39;s harmful?
Is the US Attorney General expected to defend policies his party opposes in the Supreme Court?
In Australia, what does the term &quot;Big polluters&quot; mean?
The role of price elasticity of demand with the bargaining power of trade unions
Data Source for Court Transrcipts with Interpreters
Is there any evidence that the constitution, laws or rules of a state apply to someone simply because that person is physically in that state?
democracy and wars for resources
How do wage subsidies support industrial decentralization?
Beyond Left and Right
What is the ethical or legal term best used to describe the process of legislation that proceeds without supporting evidence?
Is ban on Social Interaction with opposite sex a Human Rights Violation?
Why don&#39;t we unite all countries?
What happens after a bill is reported by committee?
How to rebuild a broken state?
Legality of Nudism in Public Places?
Does the US often deny visas to UN diplomats?
In the US, why are corporations people?
Do DWNominate scores take into account that not all votes are created equal?
Why did Mohammed Morsi get thrown out of office
How often are state constitutional amendments overturned by federal judges?
How do elections determine who is &quot;leading&quot; or &quot;elected&quot; with partial results?
Does any present legislation practice exile as a regular sentence?
What is the real role of the queen in UK in these days?
Why didn&#39;t Marbury (from Marbury v. Madison) prevail in the end?
Early day motions: practical and intended uses?
Do POWs typically get paid for their prison time?
How are conflicts between constitutional and treaty obligations resolved?
When did the &quot;red line&quot; get drawn?
Can copyright be interpreted as a liberal economic policy?
Where can I find how often my senator votes along party lines?
Data Source for 2012 US Congress and US Senate Elections
How strongly will the anti-Obama sentiment affect the 2014 Senate midterm elections?
What implications would the use of foreign embassies as asylum points entail?
People&#39;s Republic of China&#39;s list of designated terrorist organizations?
Are U.S. politicians assumed to be Christians?
Why aren&#39;t all matters referendable?
Does Saudi Arabia really control the Chechen terrorist groups?
Is Cyprus in Europe?
What political mechanism prevent US army commandment to launch a coup?
What legitimizes the Maoists in Nepal, now that the government has expired?
Consequences of hypothetical &quot;cast one vote for OR against&quot; system?
Why does &quot;meritocracy&quot; / &quot;capitalism&quot; co-exist with &quot;democracy&quot;?
When will the Australian Senate vote on the 2014 budget?
In Indian politics , how many parties are present currently
Importance of tax to Indian goverment
Is the NJ goernor&#39;s executive order on pension reform permissible under the current legislation?
Libertarianism and large companies
Does the US Congress allow visitors to watch their debates?
What is a Star Print?
What is the difference between fascism and nazism?
Was there a Security Council&#39;s meeting that lasted long time until resolution was finished?
Is the theory of nuclear peace true?
How to create an economy for low skilled people in a high-cost country?
Why is economic growth considered so essential, even in rich countries?
How does a government shutdown happen?
Would the expanded background checks have prevented past shooting incidents?
What is the purpose of farm subsidies today?
Is there data that looks at income inequality by examining total income over each person&#39;s life?
Is there any reason to vote against the predominant majority?
Do dog-whistle politics only refer to racist and right-leaning statements?
Can Australia join the Council of Europe?
How do juror demographics compare with voter demographics in the US?
Does the Russian economy profit from Crimea accession?
Will SDRs from the BRICS Bank be a competing reserve currency to the US dollar?
What is UN doing about Ukrainian crisis?
What will happen to the US and Russian economies if Russia sells all its US bonds?
If a bill was referred to a Committee, and died there, is there a way to tell what happened?
Is there any notable political view which effectively deals with technological unemployment?
What is an unpoliticized, transparent source (alternative to Gov&#39;t stats) for stats like Unemployment and Inflation?
List of designated terrorist organizations &amp; their tendency of faith
Under what criteria is a minimum wage law superior to an earned income tax credit based system?
Why is there a concept of a wedding officiant in US marriage law?
Do new jobs always contribute to the welfare of a country?
Could the person who taped Donald Sterling go to prison?
Cronyism In Economy
How can an American conservative attempt to conserve a radical American founding?
Committee power of congress
Ethics in economy
Does preserving Court Precedent mean respecting both reasoning and results?
Why did Russia default on its domestic bonds in 1998 when it could simply print money?
Are approval ratings and election results considered comparable?
What does inequality look like when measured in man-hours employed?
Why is Register of Deeds an elected position?
Is my interpretation of Article 395 of the Indian Constitution correct?
