Irobot creae 2 C# connection
Low power computer for stereo vision
To control an omni wheel robot wirelessly using bluetooth and arduino
Simple way of 3d perception
Pose estimation, how to populate set of known edges and points?
Stereo camera Vs Kinect
Magnetometer to measure high angular velocity in small object
What main factors/features explain the high price of most industrial computer vision hardware?
the uncertainty of initializing new landmark in EKF-SLAM
Euler’s Method Or ode45 for solving ODE for control systems
algorithm Simple Stereo Vision
Denavit-Hartenberg parameters for SCARA manipulator
Detect human in proximity?
How to decide between LiPo or LiFePo for robot battery
Quadcopter frame design
Shallow underwater wireless sensor network
Easiest way to submit a longer non standard character string via MAVLink
How to calculate Euler Angles from gyroscope output?
Micro Quadcopter PID problem
Turning an epilog laser into a 3d printer?
EKF over-correcting?
RGB-D SLAM - Compute Information Matrix
Compound vision system or Megapixel camera reduction
My PID Controller in Java is not operating correctly
How do I work out the kinematic solution of a robot arm?
Enable Bluetooth Adapter for BeagleBone Black
Detect polyethylene
how to implement tracking problem with PID controller
What middle-ware do you recommend for a swarm of AUVs?
Calculating thrust generated from electric engines
Question about dynamic window approach?
Mapping algorithm without noise
What are the signs that a servo might be broken?
Beaglebone not accessible through LAN?
Square with hinge on all four sides
Using a Bitmap maze image to navigate the maze
Programming the Odometry of Rover 5
Comparison of the efficiency of DC motor current limiting / control methods?
Help to dimension the right controller for the following Tranfer Function
using range-only sensors for mapping in SLAM
Can we use this line sensor as a proximity sensor?
BeagleBone - PRU questions
Any image transfer protocol for wireless serial transfer?
Iterative Learning Control Algorithm
Can&#39;t connect to VNC server on BeagleBone?
Rocker bogie suspension system - pitch angle
where can I get openinterface.py?
Low power to motors -- motor power jumper issue
how to make a robot move using arduino other than timing to predefined locations?
What is the difference between motion planning and trajectory generation?
What should I be looking for in a DC motor that will be used in a UROV thruster?
Does anybody have information on the Delphi car?
object based indoor scene classification
Adding reverse function to a brushed motor electronic speed controller
Determine current roomba state / operating mode
Do you have to have a rate controller for a Quadcopter?
How to use scan command in Arduino WifiBee
Psudo inertia matrix in RP model
Quadcopter: Stabilization along the z-axis (for holding altitude)
robotic cell simulation software plc
Using Armatures in Morse Robotic Simulator
looking for a circular track and bearing with a spindle
I want my stepper motor to switch speed while traveling (not acceleration wise)
How can I send a jpeg image to a microcontroller via USART?
Robot docking for self-recharging
joint positions of a robot
Glasses with eye sensors
Joint angle correction using LM
Roomba Create 2 problem reading distance traveled
Dynamically detect changing obstacles
iRobot Create PDF Documentation Links don&#39;t work
How to set up binocular cameras on a car?
How to send commands to create 2 over Bluetooth
How to tune PID controller for nonlinear feedback linearization control of a robotic arm?
How to find the body jacobain, for each link in a robot manipulator?
Manipulator link applied torque
Power issues involving Raspberry Pi
How is it possible to maintain the total thrust when controlling yaw of a quadcopter?
Adxl345 SPI problem reading values!
HXT 900 Arduino Sweep Problem
Simulate IMU (2D gyro and accelerometer) data
Is it tough to make a robotic workshop of your own
Image retrieval through a multibeam imaging sonar
Connect to video stream with Java app instead of console and mplayer
How important are events like &quot;Robocup&quot; to the advancement of Robotics in general?
How to find theta1 to theta5 after D-H parameter
Quadcopter Propeller size + Motor
How to tune a PIV controller?
joining an esp8266 wifi module to an access point
Raspberry Pi for a beginner
How to estimate yaw angle from tri-axis accelerometer and gyroscope
Jacobian transpose: how to calculate orientation error
beaglebone black doesn&#39;t autoboot when powered over jack or vdd pins
how can ı reduce this block diagram?
EKF-SLAM Computing the jacobians for landmark updates
EKF-SLAM, how best to manage the &#39;P&#39; covariance matrix, programatically
Effect of adding a Pole and Zero to PID
Monocular vs. stereo computer vision robustness for object detection
Single Touch Based Sensor and Odometry SLAM in Noisy Rectilinear Enviroment
SLAM noob here, a few questions regarding EKF-SLAM
Irobot creae 2 C# connection
Low power computer for stereo vision
To control an omni wheel robot wirelessly using bluetooth and arduino
Simple way of 3d perception
Pose estimation, how to populate set of known edges and points?
Stereo camera Vs Kinect
Magnetometer to measure high angular velocity in small object
What main factors/features explain the high price of most industrial computer vision hardware?
the uncertainty of initializing new landmark in EKF-SLAM
Euler’s Method Or ode45 for solving ODE for control systems
algorithm Simple Stereo Vision
Denavit-Hartenberg parameters for SCARA manipulator
Detect human in proximity?
How to decide between LiPo or LiFePo for robot battery
Quadcopter frame design
Shallow underwater wireless sensor network
Easiest way to submit a longer non standard character string via MAVLink
How to calculate Euler Angles from gyroscope output?
Micro Quadcopter PID problem
Turning an epilog laser into a 3d printer?
EKF over-correcting?
RGB-D SLAM - Compute Information Matrix
Compound vision system or Megapixel camera reduction
My PID Controller in Java is not operating correctly
How do I work out the kinematic solution of a robot arm?
Enable Bluetooth Adapter for BeagleBone Black
Detect polyethylene
how to implement tracking problem with PID controller
What middle-ware do you recommend for a swarm of AUVs?
Calculating thrust generated from electric engines
Question about dynamic window approach?
Mapping algorithm without noise
What are the signs that a servo might be broken?
Beaglebone not accessible through LAN?
Square with hinge on all four sides
Using a Bitmap maze image to navigate the maze
Programming the Odometry of Rover 5
Comparison of the efficiency of DC motor current limiting / control methods?
Help to dimension the right controller for the following Tranfer Function
using range-only sensors for mapping in SLAM
Can we use this line sensor as a proximity sensor?
BeagleBone - PRU questions
Any image transfer protocol for wireless serial transfer?
Iterative Learning Control Algorithm
Can&#39;t connect to VNC server on BeagleBone?
Rocker bogie suspension system - pitch angle
where can I get openinterface.py?
Low power to motors -- motor power jumper issue
how to make a robot move using arduino other than timing to predefined locations?
What is the difference between motion planning and trajectory generation?
What should I be looking for in a DC motor that will be used in a UROV thruster?
Does anybody have information on the Delphi car?
object based indoor scene classification
Adding reverse function to a brushed motor electronic speed controller
Determine current roomba state / operating mode
Do you have to have a rate controller for a Quadcopter?
How to use scan command in Arduino WifiBee
Psudo inertia matrix in RP model
Quadcopter: Stabilization along the z-axis (for holding altitude)
robotic cell simulation software plc
Using Armatures in Morse Robotic Simulator
looking for a circular track and bearing with a spindle
I want my stepper motor to switch speed while traveling (not acceleration wise)
How can I send a jpeg image to a microcontroller via USART?
Robot docking for self-recharging
joint positions of a robot
Glasses with eye sensors
Joint angle correction using LM
Roomba Create 2 problem reading distance traveled
Dynamically detect changing obstacles
iRobot Create PDF Documentation Links don&#39;t work
How to set up binocular cameras on a car?
How to send commands to create 2 over Bluetooth
How to tune PID controller for nonlinear feedback linearization control of a robotic arm?
How to find the body jacobain, for each link in a robot manipulator?
Manipulator link applied torque
Power issues involving Raspberry Pi
How is it possible to maintain the total thrust when controlling yaw of a quadcopter?
Adxl345 SPI problem reading values!
HXT 900 Arduino Sweep Problem
Simulate IMU (2D gyro and accelerometer) data
Is it tough to make a robotic workshop of your own
Image retrieval through a multibeam imaging sonar
Connect to video stream with Java app instead of console and mplayer
How important are events like &quot;Robocup&quot; to the advancement of Robotics in general?
How to find theta1 to theta5 after D-H parameter
Quadcopter Propeller size + Motor
How to tune a PIV controller?
joining an esp8266 wifi module to an access point
Raspberry Pi for a beginner
How to estimate yaw angle from tri-axis accelerometer and gyroscope
Jacobian transpose: how to calculate orientation error
beaglebone black doesn&#39;t autoboot when powered over jack or vdd pins
how can ı reduce this block diagram?
EKF-SLAM Computing the jacobians for landmark updates
EKF-SLAM, how best to manage the &#39;P&#39; covariance matrix, programatically
Effect of adding a Pole and Zero to PID
Monocular vs. stereo computer vision robustness for object detection
Single Touch Based Sensor and Odometry SLAM in Noisy Rectilinear Enviroment
SLAM noob here, a few questions regarding EKF-SLAM
Drive motor voltage / other specifications of Roomba 650
Verifying motor selection calculations
Raspberry Pi quadcopter thrashes at high speeds
Tried Normal Distributions Transform with my own files (in correct PCD format) and it throws errors, why?
Interfacing high-resolution image sensors with ARM Board
How to provide power to a robot/raspberry pi?
RC Transmitter Quadcopter with Arduino
Controlling the iRobot Create 2 with MATLAB
Automatic agricultural robot using 8051
How to choose the right propeller/motor combination for a quadcopter?
FreeIMU External Magnetometer
Calculating acceleration and velocity
Grid mapping probability calculation algorithmic complexity
What wireless technology to use to control robots in classroom?
Graph optimization with G2O
iRobot Create 2 and Open Interface 2 Spec not syncing up with incoming data
How to calculate the center of mass Jacobian matrix of a robot arm
Cheapest 3D printer for gears?
Control a Quadcopter with an xbox 360 controller
Recommendation for good source of Robotic Components
Position and Object Data Tracking
Sending commands to Roomba from PC
Dock command does not seem to work
PID control of tank-like robot and IMU
Controlling an ESC for Brushless Motors with an RPi
What is the link between a quadcopter transmitter pulse and the roll/pitch/yaw angles?
aerodynamics of quadcopter
How to calculate the real time RPM of motor with rotary encoder?
DYNAMIXEL MX-106-R burnt
Basic general question about controllers
the specifications graph showing the battery discharges in volt per time
Remote Control Relative to Driver
Is 1 to 3 inches internal diamter slewing ring standard parts?
I need the specifications for irobot create 2
How to distribute tension load on a three footed claw?
Arduino depth sensor
Is Khepera II still adequate for learning
Position Controller for a Quadrotor
Where to buy small propellors for quadcopter
Sporadic sensing rates for hc-sr04 ultrasonic distance sensor
How can I power a wheel but let it spin freely when not under power?
Datalogging from Arduino Mega to Dropbox
How to convert vertical motion to horizontal
Implementation of wall and obstacle avoidance
What is the best software/package to draw the robot manipulator and indicate DH parameters and different axes?
Parameter $r$ of Denavit-Hartenberg
Problems using syskit monitors -&gt; failed emission of the foo event of
Internal Pullup Sufficient for i2c in beaglebone Black?
What type of servos are used in industrial robot arms like Universal Robot UR5?
Help with code that is supposed to drive a servo controller
Can&#39;t connect to BeagleBone Webserver?
create2 does not dock
Robotics SLAM datasets - scaling factor
Atmel ICE basic connection
making a robot that knows your location
How to read data from i2c using i2cget?
Difference between planetary and precision gear motors
Motor for weapon for Hobbyweight
Is motor current proportional to thrust?
Particle Filter Sampling Step
How can I filter Gyroscopic data?
Driver Board to Control 16 Brushed DC Motors
Denavit-Hartenberg convention or the product of exponentials formulation, when dealing with the manipulator kinematics?
IMU based acceleration parameters for differential drive robot
mobile robot behaving strangely while rotating and reversing in Gazebo simulation
Provides a 10 Degree-Of-Freedom IMU reduntant data?
Reverse lift mechanism
How do I get MPU 6050 gyroscope data using &quot;MPU6050_6Axis_MotionApps20.h&quot; library
What equipment has been used to design this robot
How many methods can I use to acquire depth data?
Unilateral Torque Constraint on the foot-ground interface
In the PID equation K[((s+a)^2)/s] what values correspond to the PID coefficients Kp, Ki, Kd?
How can I know which system is easier to control using PID controller?
Does anyone have any walking patterns for a Biped Scout? (LYNXmotion)
Don&#39;t understand how sensor works, metal wired directly to I/O pin of arduino
Does an electronic compass work underwater
Iron man Jarvis like robot
How to know what type of stepper motors to use when designing a robot
Why I&#39;m getting very long terms in the inertia matrix (or dynamics model) of the robot using matlab script?
Is the crazyflie control board considered a microcontroller
How to stabilize a quadcopter
Open Source software for Quadcopters
All inclusive quad copter kit
What are some low cost alternatives for lidar?
PID output does not reach setpoint precisely enough
Motor for a hydraulic pump in a hydraulic system
Stallable motor - 100% duty cycle higher torque motor that can be stalled without burning up
Finding changes in environment using 2d laser
How are units of noise measurement related to units of a sensor&#39;s data measurement?
Why does microstepping give less torque?
Drones and camera streaming
I need help with choosing a computer on the board
Computer vision with single camera vs. distance sensors for obstacle detection
Minimising lateral drift in a PID (Arduino) controlled quadcopter using a 6DOF IMU
Self-locking actuator: Friction versus worm gear
How feasible is the idea of operating a robotic arm in a non-sophisticated way?
How to drive forward dynamic simulations (OpenSim)?
Is it possible for a robot to navigate through predefined coordinates?
Can a quadcopter hover while tilted?
Quadcopter degrees of freedom
What is the cheapest way to make led sensitive to sound around?
Converting a linear acceleration command into a DC motor command?
where can i learn electronics from intro to advance digital
How to choose timing belt?
Angles in a Rocker bogie system
Running epucks as a flock using webots software
Is there a brushless motor controller accepting over 500 updates/s?
joint compatibility branch and bound (JCBB) data association implementation
Creating an xbox remote that replaces spectrum dx3c or dx3e without wifi
Line following robot with EV3 Colour Sensor
The uncertainty is big while the sensor is rather accurate at measuring a landmark in EKF-SLAM
Send Arduino sensor data to server with GPRS shield
Can mapping be done in real life applications without also solving the localization problem at the same time (i.e. SLAM)?
help me in quadcopter controlling
Good Robotics /Bio Engineering/prosthetics Graduate Programme in US/Europe?
DC Motor PID control with unstable velocity feedback
I am doing a project on robotic surgeries! Can anyone help me and give me some details related to this topic?
How to connect HC-sr04 ultrasonic sensor to APM 2.6?
GraphSLAM: why are constraints imposed twice in the information matrix?
How to track robot position
Using laser in Mobile Sim with Matlab Aria interface
What dependencies do I need for USB programing in python with pyUSB?
Tools needed for static and dynamic balancing
In PID control, what do the poles and zeros represent?
Microcontroller for running Linux RTAI
What is stall current and free current of motors?
How do you design Quadcopter PID algorithm?
Epson EH853C robotics : Structure of command flow in the robot?
Servos power supply in Quadruped Robot
Heavy omnidirectional platform suspension
What dynamic system could these equations represent?
how to plot $\pm 3 \sigma$ of a landmark in EKF-SLAM
&quot;Time-varying&quot; and &quot;nonautonomous&quot; dynamical systems and their Lyapunov analysis
Jacobian-based trajectory following
Are robotic pollenators being designed?
FRC RoboRio Eclipse can&#39;t find edu.wpi.first.wpilibj
How to get a python node in ROS subscribe to multiple topics?
Multiple limbs on small robots
Can I use a PWM HHO Controller to control a brushless DC motor?
Ros, iai_kinect2 issues
Suggestions for beginer in Robotics
Ball and plate possible sensors use
Linear State space model for mobile robot
Finding the relative pose of a robot gripper
I want to control a sewing machine motor; need help with choices
Best practice to write a ROS service for a serial-communication class with many options
Cheap wheeled robot without tether (does not need to be programable)
Need of Kalman filters in unimodal measurement model
choose ZigBee modules for full wireless mesh
How to manage interrupts on an AVR?
How to get the 4*4 matrix from the twist using product of exponentials, in robot kinematics?
Numerical-Example for Paden-Kahan subproblems?
jacobian of Abb irb140 robot
Forward Kinematics/D-H parameters for perpendicular joint axes
DH Matrix to homogeneous transformation matrix for each joint
Denavit-Hartenberg convention
How Should I Choose an Educational Robotics Kits for Beginner Programmers?
Robot Navigation Feedback using Image Processing
Guidance &amp; Info about Quadcopter Project
How do quadcopters turn left and right?
Quad Copter with GSM and GPRS modules
Is our laptop wifi single channel or multiple channel? This is for controlling a bot
Robotics jargon question: How to conjugate &#39;teach&#39;?
Create Artificial Integelent Robot Ability to communicate with Computer : Which language i should use
What kind of linear actuator can be used for very small forces over relatively long distances
What is the scope of Electronics Engineering in Robotics/Automation?
Kalman Filter with incremental encoder + optical mice
Fusion of GNSS position data and prefused 9-dof AHRS data
EV3 MonoBrick C# Library Tutorial
Communicating between a BeagleBone Black and a servo controller
Jacobian Matrix of 6DOF Body (with IMU)
Robot that can either climb a pole or crawl walls of a water tank
Odometry and motor dynamics identification
control circuit of a humanoid robot (something like iCub or Asimo)
Inverse Kinematics Constant End Effector Angle
Additional Power to DC Motor via Second Power Source
What&#39;s the smallest rotation a brush-less motor can perform?
Multiple PIDs in quadcopter
Using hobby servo as axle
3-axis Magnetometer Question
Is there a name for the steering style/wheel actuation used on Curiosity?
Building an open loop controller for a simple DC motor position problem
How to request a specific Mavlink packet from Ardupilot?
How much torque do I need for a CNC machine?
Help for Cracking Robotics Interview
PID controller for trajectory with mutliple setpoints
Developing a Quadrotor using ROS
Using a Sick laser with Matlab in Windows
2 Wheeled , 2 motor robot control
How does Fliike Smiirl counter mechanism work
Sensor that will produce a sinusoid phase locked to a high RPM Shaft
EKF SLAM and Mahalanobis distance?
Using an Xbox controller to fly a Quadrocopter
what is the price of Pioneer P3DX
Can a Jacobian be used to determine required joint angles for end effector velocity/position?
How to run custom hardware from a laptop
SLAM without landmarks?
Particle filter weight function
Code control your arduino with keyboard
Relative frame calculation
Fuses for mechanical systems
role of chi2 in SLAM back-end optimization
differential robot yaw estimation using kalman filter
Ways of reversing motor direction easily
Choosing a WiFi antenna for outdoor robot
Quadcopter multiple ESC angles glitch
How to stabilize color sensor for VEX IQ?
How does a two-gear pull-back car toy work?
Good method for Retuning a PID After Detecting Oscillation
Zero crossing events with brushless DC motors
Tracking Landspeed Underwater
theory on rigid body motion in robotics book
Comparing LQR and PID controllers for inverted pendulum problem
Can ReplicatorG or MatterControl drive a RepRap RAMBo motherboard?
The ide using for programming the Atlas robots
How do I control a servo using a beaglebone black running ubuntu
Difference between kinematic, dynamic and differential constraints
State space and control space
How to combine an accelerometer and a gyroscope to find robot location and orientation in 2D/3D space
Finding inverse kinematics algorithm for a specific manipulator
Eliminating Electrical Noise from my motor driver
Powering a multirotor with dedicated batteries for each motor
Hydraulics/Motor Power calculation question
How high of a gear ratio can a motor have?
Unable to hover my quadcopter
Mobile Camera Calibration and rectification frame rate
PID for Quadcopters
Questions on gears for a robot actuator
Dealing with position inaccuracy and latency in PID Loop
Best strategy for area scanning using little sensing bots
Step Motor and Bevel gear calibration
Torque control and monitoring of servo
Connecting PC and PI over celluar network
Controlled flow of a viscous fluid on a substrate
How do you calculate the moment of inertia of a Quadcopter?
arduino -lcd screen has weird noise with multiple pictures
What is inverse depth (in odometry) and why would I use it?
Passing power through a motor
How can I improve the range of an XBee S6B?
Robotics advice needed
Accounting for error in multiple electric motors
3D Camera for beginner
PCB making at home
ros send message on startup doesn&#39;t seem to work
SCARA Arm Lead Screw Choices
Can ROS run on a Raspberry Pi?
Basic programming in arducopter
Understanding the Bode Plot
Ambiguous definition of Error-State (Indirect) Kalman Filter
Getting started with Jetson Tegra K1
How do I achieve this? Grid of dowels powered by piston-like movement
Can I make an automatically-parking robot car with IR sensor?
Battery system for a robot with a RaspberryPi or microcontroller
What Does the Sensitivity Function Mean?
Device that can push out independent pin points?
language to code Beaglebone
beaglebone black power supply for hexapod
LT1157 Logic Level Question
Looking for a cheap(ish) micromouse that I can program with C/C++
Communicating between a beaglebone black and an arduino using ttyO4
What type of Antennas to use for XBeePRo 2.4Ghz
Relative Navigation Systems
tricopter simulation to test control algorithms
it&#39;s worth to make a line follower using a raspberry pi and a web cam?
Stereo vision on a moving vehicle
Linear or Switching Power Supply for a Embedded Project
Need help on using gesture based angle control
Where is the function _MAV_RETURN_ defined?
Gyro rate gets increase problem
Public dataset for monocular visual odometry
Why Make Bipedal Robots?
How do self driving cars really work?
Lifting Robot To Lift Small Creates
Issues upgrading Arduino code for Kinect controlled arm from 2 servos to 4
Uploading edited code for Arducopter
Quadrocopter first build: how to tell if components play well together?
Is my quadcopter loop fast enough?
How to periodically estimate states of a LTI if the output is measured irregularly?
translation the shaft encoder data
Which encoder should I use with a 24V Dc motor and 6mm shaft?
What kind of motor control can I implement if I cannot use an Encoder?
How can I use the Arduino PID library to drive a robot in a straight line?
How to program parallel PID control loops? So I can give my robot multiple set points to follow
Controlling Dynamixel servo wirelessly using Arduino Mega
Can&#39;t Read current on Pololu Dual MC33926 Motor Driver Shield for Arduino
The aerial refueling problem: sketch of a feedback controller
Has hierarchical learning been embodied in a robot before?
Nano sized electric motors
Need a Relay Alternative
Feedback controller: Is there any influence between outer and inner loop when running at different frequencies?
What does this &quot;inverse&quot; peak mean? (step function)
How can I replace acceleration in the dynamic model of the robot?
I need more robots
How to attach a motor to a blade?
Stated power for a motor does not equal nominal voltage x current?
The algorithm for the following analog controller =&gt; digital controller?
iRobot Create 2 discrepancy betweenOpen Interface Specifications and Create 2 Serial to 3.3V Logic
Robots minimum distance
Non-markovian problems/approaches in robotics
Natural frequency computation (for PID gains computations)
Jacobian method for inverse kinematics
Why does a ID controller not exist?
Alternatives to cameras for a dirt sensor for an autonomous vacuum robot?
robot control law - control theory vs optimal control
How to invert D-H parameters
Measuring the performance and response rate of ESCs
Clicking NXT Brick
Simple vector problem, Weight vector components &amp; sine and cosine of rotation?
I want to be a guy of robotics
Simple yet effective angular position sensor to be used in robotic hand
Risk of overloading motor controller
How would i go about learning to code a flight controller?
Programming a Quadcopter
SLAM Goal Babbling
Shortest path using wave planner?
what is the easiest method to plot a temperature in my pc?
Is it better to have batteries distributed at the rotors or the center of the multicopter?
kinect - development kit to aid obstacle-avoiding robot?
Good 3D simulator for outdoor autonomous navigation
Defining a trajectory for a quadrotor
interfacing arduino uno with 9 dof razor imu
Can triangulation by measuring angles to 3 beacons to find location work over a large outdoor area
Udoo board + Kinect sensor?
Error as a State space
Can you identify the construction material/system used in the pic?
How to send a new Mavlink message from Ardupilot?
What is the maximum payload weight for create 2/can I use old create accessories with the Create 2?
Raspberry Pi vs BeagleBone Black Rev C on vending machine
Sun tracking with +/- 0.1degree accuracy?
Where does Gazebo set the GAZEBO_MODEL_PATH environment variable?
APM Planner on Linux/Ubuntu &quot;open from file&quot; not working
Why does the Pixhawk have 2 IMUs
Finding the position of a servo
Questions about Irobot Create
Help sending serial command to Roomba
Connecting an Arduino uno with a beaglebone black over USB
How to create the four way joint at the base of each finger
Best UGV platform?
redundant arm path planning and trajectory following
What is recommended prerequisite knowledge to get kid started with Create 2?
How do I set up a rubber hand experiment with precise latency?
How to find a solution for quadcopter PID control
3D Magnetometer calibration algorithm
Regarding Long distance wireless communication
Device to roll a mat
2D Robot Arm Inverse Kinematics with minimum joint loads
Cannot launch iRobot Create. Powers down upon minimal launch?
Robot safety standards for software
What motors should I use that do not require gearboxes? This is a car like robot
following a trajectory with LQR controller
optimal number of robots for cooperative surveillance
Continous rotation with cables
Nano Quadcopters Microcontroller and battery
Communicating with syringe pump using PySerial
Implementing a torque-controlled method on a position-controlled robot
Simulator for an adaptive, under-actuated robotic gripper
Is the accuracy of estimated position in localization better than estimated position in SLAM?
Controlling a Quadrotor from a PC
Calculating the force of this system
ubuntu arm lacking /sys/devices/cape-bone-iio
Plastic that&#39;s transparent to IR range sensors
What is an effective distribution of grayscale sensors on robot
Best localization method?
How to choose the state space model for 1 axis gyroscope to implemnt a good kalman filter
What is the most appropriate SLAM algorithm for quadrotors with RGB-D camera?
Find Centre Of Circle, when robot can &quot;see&quot; a partial arc
Robotc color sensor error
Assigning Serial number and GUID to a microcontroller
DualCopter Degree Of Freedom
Kalman filter model values or state space original value? Which values to use?
Bluetooth integration with MSP430
ROS NavStack with Skid Steering robots
Wiring 5V sensors to Beaglebone Black
Trying to design a mechanical system with vertical and horizontal movement
Control circuit of humanoid robot: is it worth to learn and use ROS?
Control circuit of humanoid robot: is it worth to learn and use ROS?
Visualizing kinect data on rviz
Velocity derivatives using Quaternions
Using i2c&#39;s SCL and GPIO pins as SDA
How do I determine the heading of a six wheeled robot?
Altitude hold for quadcopter with Accelerometer and Barometer
Use linear quadratic regulator to minimize output error
remote control laser meter
How to convert PID outputs to appropriate motor speeds for a quad copter
I am new in robotics....I want to know about SLAM algorithm....How should I proceed?
How can I convert RGB colors to CMYK for my airbrush robot?
Open source implementations of EKF for 6D pose esimation
world files for simulating roads and tracks
What are the calculations for a badminton robot and mechanisms?
Turning position level FK to motion level FK
Software to simulate mechanics of production line
How does power get to the flywheel in a motorized gyroscope?
Perfect implementation of Asimov&#39;s 3 Laws
Seamless motor movement
Could a robot be programmed to be human?
Is it possible to achieve fully autonomous route following using PX4FMU module?
Backstepping Integrator: changing the virtual control
How to decide about the length of a robotic arm, the base of it and the torque?
How to correctly compute direct kinematics for a delta robot?
How many work injuries occured by a human robots interaction last year?
is it possible to track movement on a tennis court?
How to use gear motor 9 with Arduino
Connecting multiple servos to a robotic arm
Programming a line following robot with reinforcement learning
Keeping two wheeled wall following robot straight
Keeping two wheeled wall following robot straight
Controlling a system with PID that resists backdrive
How to program an Inovatic USB interface?
What kind of lidar is necessary for SLAM?
What servos does this robot use?
Quadcopter Hovering Problem
Virtual Testing Environment for Drones
Submarine screw and the isolation from the water
Does anyone have a working example of using Qt to communicate with NXT?
Simplest and cheapest way to create a spring back latch
Power switch standards and suitability for purpose
Why can&#39;t i use different ESCs together on a multirotor?
Real time operating system for robotics vision
Can I use QT to communicate with a Lego NXT robot?
Robotics simulation from PNG map
Chassis materials for Hobby-weight (5.44Kg) battle robot
Are there surface texture sensors for integration in circuits?
Robot to manipulate poultry
LM2576 and LM2596 regulator make microcontroller hang
Controlling a 400W motor with 24V 16A batteries with an arduino board
Choosing DC motor: max needed torque vs nominal torque
Rate PID vs Stabalize PID
Preventing leaks in motor shafts for underwater bots
Controlling a system with delayed measurements
Is there build your own garage robotic assembly lines out there?
How to tune the PID parameters using Fuzzy Logic?
Will AIs ever be as advanced as the human brain?
What are the reasons for not having autonomous robots in our daily activities?
What algorithm should I implement to program a room cleaning robot?
Programming a G-code Interpreter
How to make a robot following a virtual eight figure pattern without using microcontrollers?
How does the &quot;rated torque&quot; for a gear relate to the maximum torque?
Arduino Lightsensor Blocking Code
Choosing suitable simulator for a swarm of AUVs
Choosing motor and battery for a robot
How to know when a Li-Po battery is discharged?
Roll, Pitch Calculation Problem!
What happens when a brush-less motor stalls?
What frequency does my quadcopter output-sense-calculate-output update loop need to stay stable?
Is a simple range sensor described below sufficient to implement particle filter localization?
How to change the orientation of an object w.r.t a scene?
Understanding a sliding mode controller for quadrotors
How to control PID Yaw
Is the nominal voltage of a motor the voltage to apply to the motor?
Control a 2.4 Ghz AR Drone from the computer
Which type of actuator will be suitable for a very strong robot arm
How can computer vision distinguish one object being contained by another vs being on top of it?
Data association with ekf?
A robotics computer with graphics card, lots of computation power, battery, no screen, no keyboard?
Selecting a gear reduction: torque vs speed
NAO motor model identification
how to power extra usb devices for beaglebone black
Proportional controller error doesn&#39;t approach zero
A general question about PID Controller
Implementing a position control for UAV through a flight controller. Plant model is unknown
Brush-less motor specs vs efficiency for multi-copters
Does RoboRIO support Java 8?
Choosing motor characteristics
tracking robot in a room
Power switch and common ground on a battle robot
Changing tank drive (differential) mode to single joystick drive mode
Image processing in bright lights
AHRS Algorithm Question
Is the input of ESC really limited at 50 Hz and will the PID controllers work properly?
RNN instead of a PID controller
Hokuyo URG-04LX-UG01 and Mac compatibility issues
Using pic as webserver?
Motor controller calibration
Visualizing and debugging an EKF
How to control an Arduino Board with wireless PS3 controler?
Probabilistic Velocity Obstacles
Self Powered Quadcoptor
Mahalanobis distance between 2 line features
Quadrature Encoder Counts
Scan Matching finds right rotation but false translation
Android phone + ADK + Arducopter APM 2.5 for autonomous quadcopter
gazebo import robot gives error
How can I dynamically control the amount of torque necessary to rotate something for a test rig?
Rotate (and stop) a large disk in very tiny increments
Build a ROS robot with SLAM without laser
Which is more useful? Instantaneous rate of change of displacement or Average rate of change of displacement?
Learning Materials for Beginners in Robotics and Quadrocopters
Sending a smartphone&#39;s GPS wireless
How to find the height of a rock with a rover?
Using kinect for medical application but without computer. Is it possible?
Inverse Kinematics of Parallel Manipulator (Delta Robot)
How do I get this transformation matrix?
Detect road surface in a traffic scene point cloud
PID Control Tuning
Survey for Local Navigation
Short distance ball transport
Wheeled Robot Motion Primitives: Is throttling forward and crab motion considered as one?
How to calculate probability of particle survival for particle filter?
PID Tuning Quadcopter Problem
Advice on mounting a servo for a nerf sentry gun
Two State Linear Actuator
biped walking using Genetic Algorithm
Is there an advantage to multiple magnetometers for heading computation
Recursive Tree Representation for Multi Agent Robots?
ros node does not seem to do anything
Motor recommendation for spinning disk weapon
control a robot with pymorse on MORSE simulator question
Amperage on brushed motors
Diode or capacitor across terminals of brushed motor
12V compressor and air pressure control
Spinning disk Weapon
Interface multiple I2C slaves to microcontroller
PD Algorithm for a Quadrotor [Simulation]
Acceleration formula for a differential steering robot
Mechanical or electrical engineering for robotic and automation?
SLAM without landmarks using sonar
MPU9150 - Yaw angle Drift
Can a 5S LIPO battery be changed to a 3S and a 2S?
Troubles implementing the wavefront planner?
Seeking dirt cheap, wheeled, programmable robot
Over-voltage on a brushed electronic speed controller
Ensemble Kalman Filter SLAM
Do simple, non-sonic, omni-directional rangefinding beacons exist?
Finding a light load high precision servo motor
Deducing single wing plane transfer function Aka Transfer function estimation through set of points
Where do roboticists look for used sensors/hardware?
What do the commutation waveforms look like for a brushless motor?
What mechanical parts can be attached to DYJ48 stepper motor?
Implement a sharp right turn using atmega8 for line follower
Laser Beam based model probability in case of single particle
Ackerman steering model
Definition of (or determine whether something is) a robust controller?
What is the actual application for manufactuing, with robot arm autonomous object classification system
Is increasing gyro , accelerometer sensor range is good or bad ? how does it affect the accuracy
Quadcopter Roll, Pitch Fluctuation
Controlling multiple Arduinos wirelessly
How does a six-axis force/torque sensor work?
Particles not behaving correctly in the implementation of particle filter
For robot wheel control : Brushless DC motor or Servo Motor?
Linear slider motor mount location - Pros/cons
Comprehensive comparison of SLAM algorithms
Euler Angles from 9DOF IMU
Are consumer grade CNC machines capable of cutting tile?
What is a PID as is related to quadcopters
Algebraic and geometric in inverse kinematic
Is there an analytical solution for inverse kinematics of a 6 DOF serial chain?
Quadcopter cannot balance!
Purpose of programming an ESC
Non-linear complementary filter on so3: Corrected equations?
Choosing motor for a tricopter
12V Arduino Dual Bridge to supply at least 5A
DC motor direct loading
Can I reuse the hall sensors in a brushless motor as an encoder?
Expression used with Rotary Encoders
which type of camera should be used for detecting road lanes for good processing in matlab
Installing OpenNI on Pcduino
Yaw angle calculation for drone PID from two distance sensors
Correcting GPS track with visual odometry (sensor fusion)
Is there a rule of thumb for actuator torque overhead?
Grasshopper effect on a quadcopter with kk2.1.5
Design Calculations &amp; Mathematical Modeling of Tricopters
How can I build a 10cm-200cm IR range sensor?
Whats the logic to implement a particle filter for a robot with range sensor?
What is the technical name when robot wheels are aligned to perform spot turn?
computer vision using the FREAK local features descriptor - why overlapping fields?
How to get pure end-effector translation through Jacobian?
How can one create a robot which respondes to input following a flowchart?
Pledge algorithm for maze solving robots
How to implement linear movement with string
Robot Loud Alarm
Servo controlled valve
Quadcopter one beep and blink problem
What useful gaits exist for a six legged robot, and what are their pros and cons?
What&#39;s the most adapted programming language for Robotic and principally AI?
How to calculate Altitude from IMU?
How to calibrate an IMU unit?
Pulse Position Modulation as used in RC controls
DC motor control - speed-torque curve
how to make Mac detect AVR board using USBasp and burn program to it?
image size vs image resolution
Bluetooth module HC-05 giving ERROR :(0)
How to use quaternions to feed a PID quadcopter stabilization loop?
Need to clear some concepts: AHRS - Attitude - Yaw,Pitch and Roll - MARG sensors -INS
What&#39;s the difference between Yaw and Attitude in Quad Rotor
ROS AMCL does not need odometry data?
Assumptions about the nature of landmarks in SLAM algorithms
Influence of the number of octaves on the features description
Is there any advantage to velocity motion models over odometry motion models for SLAM?
how does poles and zeroes affect the step response of an transfer function?
How long can a VEX pneumatic arm be?
PID in a system with pole at origin
How to filter vibration programatically?
Free of charge Robot Magazine, Journal, Newsletter or similar
Raspberry Pi finer servo control
Difference beetween Rao-Blackwellized particle filters and regular ones
Continuous or Discrete
PID tuning method based on Pole placement
Is configuration space same as joint space?
Cheapest centimeter accurate satellite positioning (GNSS/GPS)
What would be a good heuristic to solving this?
Fuzzy Logic Controller
Rock envire - vizkit3d : Change environment visualization (envire lib) from ruby script
How to operate al422b
Calculate object distance with camera
Velocity Model Motion in Matlab (Probabilistic Robotics)
Why models are not perfect to represent robotic environments?
What are the advantages of using the Denavit-Hartenberg representation?
Quadcopter liPo battery weight/capacity trade off
Is it important to have good PI settings when we running in self-level with kk2?
Artificial Potential Field navigation
Motor control using arduino/raspberry pi
Accelerometer, gyro, and magnetometer sensor fusion in 2d
Robot interaction language
Connecting a Raspberry Pi to a roomba via an FTDI cable
Arduino Power Supply
Quadruped Learning Simulator
Is a Genetic alogorithm suitable for mobile robot path planning?
Single-shaft vs Double-shaft motors
What laser power for cutting and engraving wood and Acrylic robot baseplates?
Dynamic tracking precision of UR5/10
Machine Vision vs Computer Vision?
Counts of Quadrature Encoder
How to Improve Gait Sequences in an 8 DOF Quadruped? (Video Included)
Up to what force is a servo motor a reasonable choice as an actuator?
Repairing non-lubricated linear actuator
Mechanism to oscillate a needle like object in vertical motion
ports with std::vector type in Rock (branch master)
rock/syskit: How to add multiple instances of same component into a network
Filling 30mL bottles with food-grade liquid
What is the difference between the two different types of Mecanum wheels?
Using vision for Monte-Carlo localization
How to machine aluminium on a low budget?
how to plot a line between two centroids in matlab
Fast C++ Math libraries for SLAM with many landmarks (simulation done in OpenGL)
Matlab for moving a robot towards the detected block
DIY Laser cutter for small Acrylic robot baseplate
Need help calculating the thrust on quadcopter motors
Could piezoelectric sensors be crushed?
Arduino with two Linear Actuators, two ACS714 Current Sensors, and an L298N Motor Driver setup
Best microphone for speech recognition tasks
Exoskeleton Drive System Help
Position Control of an Omni Wheel Drive Robot
Torque calculation
BeagleBone uart/spi/i2c latency
PID Integration over not constant dt (∆time)
What is the difference between screw and wrench in rigid body motion?
What is the difference between Kinect for Windows and Kinect for XBox?
How to control a function with two different inputs
Cascading PID DC Motor Position &amp; Velocity Controllers
Which micro-controler/processor to be used for autonomous stereo vision robot system?
Maximum likelihood estimator (ML Data Association) EKF
How to implement a distance proximity sensor with wider range
Best technique to built an ejectable drawer?
EKF Localization when robot is in parallel with a landmark.
Stepper does not turn
Compact design - building from off-the-shelf components
What can be the rating and specifications of dc motor used for making a quadcopter?
Determing limits of rotation in a robot workspace
autonomous obstacle detecting quadcopter
I need advice for mobile robot navigation
One of the best ways to numerically integrate the velocity?
State Covariance Matrix for Extended Kalman Filter using odometry motion model
Calculate position of differential drive robot
innovation step ekf localization?
Kalman filter Issue - GPS Odometry Fusion
Tilt-compensated compass - at my wits&#39; end
Quadrocopter build - Do these parts look fine?
What type of mechanism is this?
sparse matrix in EKF SLAM
Solenoid to launch a ping pong ball
Selecting Precise High Torque Motor and Motor Controller for use with Arduino Mega 2560 R3
ROS: Best practices?
PD controller in C#
Atlas Robot Reference
Are stereo camera calibration data standardized?
Raspberry Pi for two wheel robot?
Visibility Graph Toolbox for Python
Stereo camera baseline not needed for calibration?
Predicting the impact point of a moving object
Differential Drive Robot Control
EKF localization known correspondences
Finding a Hydraulic Actuator to be controlled through a MCU
Tilt-compensated motor output to keep altitude for quadcopter
How to match Nao head and torso
I need a software that will help me track passage and identify fish in clear water
What is the best way to fuse measurements from IMU, LIDAR, and Encoder information in some recursive bayesian filter?
Designing compatible spur gears for a robot gearbox
Android Vibrating based on Arduino devices
Is this gear design feasible?
Electronic Speed Control Concepts
Current-limiting stepper motors for RepRap
Why production lines are so huge and power hungry?
Can active sensor data be fed into an Autodesk Inventor Simulation?
understanding the PID controller
Quadcopter Throttle and PID mixing to Motor Speed
Velocity Control via Vibration
Quadcopter application underwater
How to calculate robot hand positions using Roll, Pitch angles
Where to go to purchase parts for XY Plotter
Passive ego-motion estimation vs active
Track a moving object
Adding external magnets to a DC motor
BS2 inconsistant pin state when connected to wire?
Open source autonomous car project
Making a Gripper Changer for a Robotic Arm
Implementing Slip Compensation into a Half-Size Micromouse
How can I manipulate real-time sonar data from my Arducopter in Arduino?
Autodesk Inventor 2013: Rounding only at specific edge
Path comparison
Monte-Carlo Localization
Why linkage-based haptic devices are much more common than cable (tension)-based ones?
iRobot Create without ROS?
Will a 20amp ESC run a Turnigy 2213-980?
How to brake a brushed dc motor, belt-driven linear actuator to within 0.5mm of an end stop
Sccaning in SICKlMS matlab toolbox C++
autoproj snapshot with git detached HEAD
PWM PID control for small 2 watts brushed DC motor
EKF localization is approaching singularity. Are my sensors too noisy?
Where can I buy heavy-duty Omni Wheels?
How can the inverse kinematics problem be solved?
What is the cheapest / easiest way of detecting a person?
libfreenect simplecv integration?
Observation Model Jacobian for Fixed Transforms
Motors response different with high-frequency PWM
How can I achieve long distance, high quality 3D Scans on a mobile robot?
Manual PID tuning for small 3 wheels robot
6 DOF Robotic Arm
Our quadcopter goes forward instead of hovering in place. How to correct it?
Extended Kalman Filter with Laser Scan + Known Map
In HRI, how is the &quot;uncanny valley&quot; experienced by people on the autism spectrum?
How to overwrite default git source in autoproj?
Arduino Quadcopter using bluetooth shield and android phone
How to define conditions for state-machines in roby?
Different Particle Filter min and max particle numbers give almost the same result
Motion Model for Holonomic Robot
Lying human body simulation
Typical method for integrating a neural net into a PLC
Gears in Autodesk Inventor are looking weird
What are some generally accepted lift capacity guidelines for multirotors?
How to connect SINAMICS V60 driver to raspberry
Why should I still use EKF instead of UKF?
Do servo motor specifications take into account the gear ratio inside?
What mechanical parts make a toy missile launcher?
How to connect a servo motor and a crank shaft
Inter-processor communication for robotic arm
Why cannot we find EtherCAT shields?
JSP container for embedded systems
Maximum Distance using Ultrasonic sensor Arduino
What to look for and/or take into account when making the drive / transmission?
Are there any problems with a variable frequency PID?
Programming language?
Robot start-up movement problems
&quot;Smooth&quot; inverse kinematics model for 2-wheeled differential drive robot
Does it matter if my electronic speed controllers are close to my brushless motors?
How to make one robot follow the other in parallel formation
Compliance control for a single link robot in matlab
Forward Kinematics Two fixed standard wheels
Fake localization using bag file in ROS
Alternative way to perform Pole zero cancellation?
How frequently should a PID controller update?
Voice control solution for Linux robot?
Directional hearing for Linux robot?
Neuromorphic Engineering and Robotics
Industrial Robotic Arm
What do these acronyms stand for?
Quadcopter PID output
What parts do I need for a strong robotic arm?
H bridge for rover
Differential Drive Robot on uneven surfaces
Simplest way to do object tracking with a 2D range finder sensor?
What are good methods for tuning the process noise on Kalman filters?
How do I learn about Arduino/raspberry-pi based robotics on my own?
Acrylic/plastic cutting services
Quadcopter forward speed
Performance/memory considerations for pathfinding lookup tables on RobotC for a small set of paths
How does a robot efficiently store a map it makes?
Securing a disc/wheel to a shaft
How does DroneDeploy work?
Transfer function of DC motor being unstable due to a controller?
proper tuning method of an cascade controller?
What are some good cheap, silent, motors for mannequin robots and what kind of controller should I use?
Quadcopter PID tuning
What is the difference between a Robot and a Machine?
McKibben artificial muscles and the 400:1 ratio
Actuation of three reciprocating blades via conversion of rotary to linear
Simon K firmware when the IMU outputs at 50HZ
Can I use ROS with a Roomba?
LQR design with low effort
working with *.osm to get images
Why does iRobot not sell the Create in Europe?
How PID affect the Root locus of a close loop transfer function
Quadcopter Props? Wood vs Plastic vs Carbon Fiber
Mechanical Solutions for Driving off a Small Cliff
Quad copter attitude control
Controlling digital servos
Static equilibrium for 7 dof manipulator
Suggestions for stepper motor controllers
How do I add an external library to the Rock Framework?
Solutions for Finding Position and Heading in a Multi-Level House
How do i use the Nicolas ziegel approach if my system never becomes unstable?
EKF-Localization algorithm for 2D clarification?
loudspeakers from 4 meters away from robot
Salvaging a bunch of laptop battery packs
Building A Servo Tester To Measure Peak/Stalled Amp Draw
Quadrotor control using ArduIMU
24v dc to 12vdc converter
Is it possible to record only incoming data with realterm?
How to choose WiFi signal strength detecting sensors
Reading data from D+ and D- pins of a USB
Quadcopter Localization Beacon
Outputting a precise voltage in millivolts on Arduino Mega
What to use as electrovalve?
How to calibrate differential drive?
Connect sensors to beaglebone/arduino in a complex robot
Low Amp FPV Quadcopter Motors
Multiple position estimates fusion
SLAM without data association?
Find the right actuator to control the flow of flour
How to connect Arduino Uno3, L293D motor driver and 3 colour sensors together?
Dead reckoning on a car-like robot with a gyro and only one encoder
How to design a gear system that straightens two metal rods connected at ends by the gear when applied force at either end
Measuring speed of movement in Webots
Rocker bogie suspension stability
Omneykey 5421 drivers for Robot
How to know what motor/ESC/propeller combination will work for a quadcopter?
How to get prevent twisting of cables
Create set of drones to fly in patterns
Denavit–Hartenberg parameters of a robot with spherical wrist
Need specifications to operate this stepper motor with RPi or Arduino
CTL port in a motor controller
How much should I expect a Kalman filter to converge?
What approaches should I consider to create rotating a turret
Robot kit suggestions
covariance matrix in EKF?
differential drive PID controller
Datasheet for Taos TCS3200 GY-31
Click button short vs long button presses Arduino
using AR markers with openni, not ROS
What happened to Butler&#39;s car?
Role of Neuromorphic Computing and Quantum Computing in the field of Robotics and AI
what is the minimum number of RC channels required to control Quad Copter?
Single camera vision and mapping system
Battery system with and without mains voltage attached
Radio-control over dozens of kilometers and mountains
Spatial tracking between two UAVs
How to implement the Wavefront algorithm
Crimp or Solder to LiPo Battery?
NXT Segway problem. Need advice/help
Point tracking from a mobile robot
How to turn a rover 90 degrees using wheel encoders?
Wire gauge for hobby robot question
Computing inverse kinematic with jacobian matrices for 6 dof manipulator
Transformation a robot in 2D?
Are Artificial Intelligence and Robotics Different?
What is the Name of the part I&#39;m describing
Will wiring a unipolar stepper to a bipolar stepper driver decrease the holding torque?
What different sensing approaches are used in the current batch of indoor 3D cameras?
Localising a robot swarm non-optically
What&#39;s the difference between CAN&#39;s Motor Max Velocity vs. Profile Max Velocity?
What&#39;s a good pose estimation method for high precision (&lt;5mm per-axis) solutions at short range (&lt;50cm)?
What are the pros and cons of fictitious play
Using robotic simulator for prediction step in probabilistic localization approaches
How does one calculate the angular motion of each node in a robotic arm
Set CANopen Node ID of Ingenia Pluto DC Servo Drive
Precision we can expect of an ultrasound-based localisation system
How do I get started in Computer Vision?
2D Map representation of GPS coordinates in degrees
Using 3DR Radio to communicate ArduPilot Data
Random number generation for Particle Filter
What are the options for a thin light source (e.g. LED)?
How Can I Measure the Torque Value of a Servo?
An architecture for testing autonomous flight and sensors
Autonmous surveillance vehicle
Where to ask NXP LPC1343 / ARM Cortex M3 related questions
MCBL Controller through RS232
Removing quadcopter drift to the side
Wine yard robotics?
Sourcing Motors for larger robots
dc motor with encoder
Kinect point cloud + Pcduino. Will it work?
A few questions about my first quadcopter build
Kalman Filter when states are not observable at the same time?
What is the response time of an Arduino Nano?
What is a suitable model for four-wheeled differential drive rigid-body robots?
Can a rigid-prop quadcopter hover upside-down?
Robotics with Kinect
How much can realistically be drawn from a 25C max 50C battery?
Sensor for tracking relative position of human
What is meant by a speed profile?
Project Idea for a AI related project
How to explain bandwidth of a measurement to a noob?
Arduino Operational Frequency
How to use TOA (Time Of Arrival) to measure 3-axis location of a wireless device?
Need Troubleshooting help regarding Arduino Uno &amp; HC-06 Bluetooth connection problem
function of PIDControl #pragma config() directive in robotC
Software libraries for parsing sensor data
Differential drive trajectory following control
Do I need an accurate flight model for a UAV?
Control Arduino firmata with HC-05
Robotics Stackexchange vs ROS Answer
How to measure displacement, cheaply and without using an accelerometer?
PID control against sine wave error
VeX - Keeping arm at an angle
Fit robot simulator to robot
I don&#39;t understand Integral part of PID controller
Are propellers dangerous?
Best Way to Sense Rubiks Cube Movements
What do we call a coupling with infinite range of rotation
How to calculate the power required to drive a fan
Connecting Wifi bee with Xbee USB adapter
How to rotate covariance?
Capacitive touch input robot to remote access iPad
arduino serial mixing incoming commands
Why is ROS not a real-time operating system?
How are color sensors used for line following?
Assigning Frames and Deriving Link Parameters
Find the difference between two consecutive sensor readings in real-time in C
Slam and Vision (good resources)?
robotics as a beginner
Is there a cheaper alternative to SDP-PI for gears and shafts?
Looking for a way to scan cylindrical objects
Can inverse dynamics control be regarded as a function?
Extended Kalman Filter using odometry motion model
SLAM for Autonomous car
Getting started with robotic arm design
Can motion model noise be zero?
VAL language and velocity control of industrial robot
What&#39;s the most accurate way to obtain a locational fix using GPS?
writing a simple program for processing RGBD video with OpenNI
What are good strategies for tuning PID loops?
Ros ~ Android sensor driver
Benefits of the Number of Propellers
Kinect for Xbox: SDK selection
GPS Amplifier - Is this reliable?
Maximum angle between the camera pose to correctly estimate homography
Alternatives to Primesense depth cameras?
What should I study if I want to get into robotics?
How are Interference Avoidance and Collision Avoidance different?
RC Helicopter Connect with computer
Just run program on NXT, not download?
How to link ends of timing belt into loop
What is minimum torque required for CNC stepper motors and spindle for aluminium milling?
Is it possible to make DIY clone of MakerBeam
Robotic part to dispense candy
Building a non rotating persistence of vision device
What do quadcopter propeller specifications mean?
How to programatically calibrate Turningy esc?
Why is analysis required to study robotics?
looking for a miniature joystick, but in reverse
Connections on a Baby Orangutang B-328 board
existence probability of an object in fusion
Building a mobile camera platform
How to: Attach wheel encoder to motor?
Pre-built PID motor controller
How can I start programming proto X quad
Generic name for two-motor wheeled/tracked robots?
Water depth arduino sonar sensor
Why do quadcopters use brushless motors
LIDAR solutions
What is the Kalman Filter in the basics of its aspects?
Compensating for Yaw in Lateral Quadcopter Movement
Actuator to control steam valve
Interference between 900 MHz video transmitter and 2.4 GHz control radio
Cons and pros of wireless technologies for rescue robot
How do ultrasonic range finders detect objects at an angle?
Explanation of the Kalman Filter
What motor to use for reciprocating (reversive) movement
problem with simulated sensor in Matlab?
Line follower robot program
Power Model for humanoids
Electronic noses for detecting dog urine
How much accuracy could I get position tracking with a 3-axis accelerometer and gyro sensor, and compass, and how would I do it?
The costs of using existing 6 axis kuka/abb robots and existing vision systems in picking and placing tasks
Simple web interface with beaglebone black
Gears modeling in Google SketchUp and SketchyPhisics
Powering down servos completely in RobotC+Tetrix
Kinematics of a 4 wheeled differential drive robots
Overcorrecting Kalman Filter
learning (embedded) electronics
How can I control a fast (200Hz) realtime system with a slow (30Hz) system?
What is the difference between RC motors for cars and helicopters?
Unwanted Arduino reconnect: Servo + Arduino + Python (Raspberry Pi)
Tracking 2D positioning with IMU Sensor
Is it practical to 3D print a refractive lens?
Aluminum vs Carbon Fiber
Stabilizing a quadcopter with optical flow
How to calculate the right and left speed for a tank-like rover?
Quadcopter instability with simple takeoff in autonomous mode
Another SDK like OpenNI
System for determining occupied seats in an auditorium
Where to start for the software side of Robotics?
Self learning maze solving robot using 8bit microcontroller?
Dynamics of parallel manipulator
KK2.0 Quad Stablility
Programming an ESC to have reverse mode
My Raspberry Pi is losing power in a surge
Once you understand motors, what&#39;s the next step?
2D path following robot, converting XY axis path to input on wheels
Emulation of an Orrery
Guiding a Quadrotor Towards a Target
Guidance for compensating internal forces on closed loop chain
HMMs vs. CRFs to model time-series force data of robots interacting with environment?
What BLDC servo drive takes sinusoidal hall sensor signals?
Keyboard control map for scalar based movement?
Workable low-resolution object/target recognition pattern and library?
How to know the desired orientation of a quadcopter?
How to gyroscopically measure number of rotations on one axis when there is concurrent random motion on another axis
Quadcopter Position Measurement (Accelerometer, GPS or Both)?
Pushing Buttons Remotely over Ethernet
Why do I need a Kalman filter?
Flipping an old manual switch (physical one)
Why are quadcopters more common in robotics than other configurations?
Do servos stop at their limits automatically?
Kalman Filter and the state noise vector?
Zero crossing events in trapezoidal commutation
Lawn mower robot (type of cutter)
ComputerCraft (Minecraft mod) navigation: Collision avoidance and path planning/finding in 2D/3D space
Quadcopter configuration
I am an entrepreneur and I want to start building robots for businesses, where do I start?
Access denied during PIC Programming in Windows XP
What is the purpose of electronic braking in motors?
Choosing path planning and obstacle avoidance algorithm for 2D space
what method should I use for putting rubber bands on wheels?
How do robotics startups work?
What are the different types of electric motors?
How to calibrate an industrial Robot?
Is this a good quadcopter build?
AT command in SIM900A GSM/GPRS module to find out originating address of an SMS
How to deal with sonar crosstalk
Read Multiple Channels of RX-TX with arduino
Robots without microcontrolers (beam robots). Are they technologically limited?
Is it possible to use HC-SR04 ultrasonic range sensor to indicate thickness of a material
Developing for 8-bit AVR-s, what are the current, open and free libraries out there?
Low speed control of bldc motors
How can i make a boat
Re-Calibration of an articulated industrial robot
What autopilot to purchase APM 2.6 or PixHawk?
Arduino Uno getting a type of &quot;HANGED&quot; while runing samll code of switc debounce and Serial print
Understanding Arduino bootloader
What should I use for speech recognition?
Have bloodstream nanobots been approved in any countries?
How can I interface my CMOS camera module to an Arduino?
Making a tiny robot by using a remote brain
With a 6-axis robot, given end-effector position and range of orientations, how to find optimal joint values
SPP Bluetooth profile compatibility with phone
Move ATRV robot to specific distance using ROS
How can I integrate a smart phone with my robotics project?
What micro controller should I use?
Deburring Robot (Plastic Box)
computer aided RC airplane combat
APM Accelerometer Calibration
How do I Calibrate Analog Thumb stick?
Soft LED Protection Material
How do I send text to a Torobot USB device?
360 degree ultrasonic beacon sensor
Place for GPS antenna on autonomous vehicle
What is a good approach to a Quadruped Gait?
Transform Image Using Roll-Pitch-Yaw Angles (image rectification)
Turning a differential drive robot to a specific angle
Resampling attitude states (quaternions, rotation matrix) in a Particle Filter
Defining frames for 5DOF robotics arm
sending and receiving parameters to ardupilot
POMDPs in robotics
I&#39;d like to use gesture based input for my robot. What are the pros and cons between the Xtion Live and the Kinect?
Are there any GPS sensors that provide data at 1Hz or faster?
Wifi to pass through aluminium
Compiling Code for EY-80
How to use Arduino for ESC control?
Blender a good robotic simulator for quadcopters / swarm simulations?
Making high CAN baud rates work
1 cm accuracy radio rangefinder?
Which Kinect to a movement base?
Will connecting two servo motors double the torque?
Unable to read pushbutton press properly in Arduino
Arduino Uno R3 or Roboduino ATMega168 or Arduino Mega 2560 R3 which board is better for small robots
Particle filter implementation in ROS
Recommendations for system to repeatedly force contact between head and desk
Omron G5V-2 relay NO pins not working
Encoder based speed control for Rover 5
What are the notable limitations on using Java with Mindstorms NXT 2.0?
Controlling bot using video and image processing
Are time-of-flight cameras like the swissranger affected by outdoor fog?
Odd L293D behavior: Pin 16 seems to act as enable
Telemetry with Ardupilot 2.6
quadrotor experimental identification
Choosing correct power supply for Stepper Motors
Stream Real-time Video with Environmental Data Overlaid
How can we manage stepper motor cables?
Is it possible to run multiple loops at the same time? (Arduino)
What reward function results in optimal learning?
Calculate covariance matrix from x,y,z data
How can I create a robot like the EZ-B using a regular Arduino?
Roboticize an old netbook?
How will the currently evaluated computer technology influence robotics and embedded systems in the forseeable future?
How to open a sliding window?
Accelerometers error (BMA020 and BMA180)
Usage of Multibeam 2D Imaging Sonar for AUVs, testing them in the pool environment
EKF partial state update question
Jacobian of the observation model?
Maintaining positive-definite property for covariance in an unscented Kalman filter update
Can you have a career in robotics if you hate mechanics?
Is there a way to determine which degrees of freedom are lost in a robot at a singularity position by looking at the jacobian?
Autonomous car steering using IR sensors
Where I can learn algorithms or and find examples of code for controlling a rover?
problem in serial communication between PC and ATMEGA 8535(AVR)
How to retrieve parameters from mavlink .tlog using pymavlink?
Can the rate of peristaltic pump&#39;s flow be accurate across changes in fluid viscosity?
Public training data for vehicle detectors in computer vision?
What is telemetry used for?
Arc welder for 3d printing
Need suggestions for object recognition
In EKF-SLAM, why do we even need odometry when there is a more reliable sensor?Also, are all SLAM algorithms feature-based?
Do &quot;toy&quot; robots move technology forwards?
Is a thrift store a good place to get a servo motor?
Field oriented control of brushless motors
quadcopter parameters calculations for simulink model
How does the Makeblock threaded slot work?
Installing MORSE simulator on Ubuntu 12.04
Performing the proper coordinate system transformation
Any ideas for a robot?
Razor IMU Arduino interfacing
How does rocker bogie keep the body almost flat?
How are the optical encoders used in platforms like Rover 5?
Is finished plywood a comparable prototyping substitute for polyoxymethylene?
Use computer to throw a small switch
Arduino isp bootloader burning
Making a brushless servo using Hall sensors
Does Monte Carlo Localization need a predefined map?
Strafing of Mecanum wheels
Should you learn assembly language for robotics?
Mechanism for changing gears on a bicycle
Arduino for simple Data-Glove. Should I go with Mega or Due?
Depth map with Raspberry Pi
In SLAM, how does a laser range finder produce pseudo-segments from dynamic objects?
question about car-like robot localization based on dead-reckoning
Effective motor type for robotic arm?
May I have some suggestion on inexpensive robotic arm?
Why do 3-axis accelerometers seemingly have a left-handed coordinate system?
Digital servo shaking
Transducer for underwater applications (passive sonar)
Controlling a conveyor belt with a time based motor
What frame of reference is used during Visual Servoing?
Roller Screw drive - axial movement instead of friction
King Robota: Does he speak for himself?
Choosing a platform to start
How Yaw, Pitch and Roll effect the flight of Quadcopter?
Why do 1000 rpm and 10 rpm DC motors cost the same?
Do &quot;nano bots&quot; (that can fit inside the human body) actually exist?
Computing the Jacobian matrix for Inverse Kinematics
Software for designing mechanical systems/robotic parts
Arduino Motor control
Tiny high torque actuator/sensor design
Localizing a swarm of robots
How to control a brushless motor?
Laser / photosensor pair or similar
Actuator design. plausible?
How to charge a LiFePO4 battery?
Motor Controller with micro USB interface
How to get data from ArduPilot through Serial Port
Motor driver selection
How to control the position of a pneumatic piston?
Tracking with accelerometer and gyro versus multiple accelerometers
Polling or Timer interrupt?
running UWSim commands in ROS
Programming Robots with JavaScript
How to model unpredictable noise in Kalman Filter?
What to do when the control input of the Kalman filter is unknown?
Maze Solving Algorithm For Mazes With Loops
How to make an &quot;invisible line following robot&quot;?
Line Follower optimization
Any globally unique signature in Ardupilot hardware, or Arduino in general?
Off-the-shelf micro fluid dispenser
What modelling tools are available to design a robot
Reducing motor speed without jamming up
Approach to using PID to get a differential robot driving straight
classify if two adjacent surfaces belong to same object
Moldable rubber for &quot;feet&quot;
H-Bridge using atmega8 microcontroller
How do SLAM algorithms handle a changing environment?
How to tell when an ArduPilot has finished initialising its gyros (without referencing telemetry)?
How to determine the parameter of a Complementary Filter?
Association of multiple measurements to multiple objects
Smooth servo movement for a crawling robot
Build an WiFi IP camera with webcam
MPU-6050 + Arduino nano - Logic converter or not?
Help with PID &quot;units&quot; in a quadcopter control system
Do 6 motors require 6 individually-assigned batteries?
Can GPS modules work inside plastic enclosures?
ArduIMU noisy output in Quadrotor
Management of asynchronous commands
Wind force impact on torque mechanical arm
Does a vehicle with defferential gear still move straight?
funny behaviour or what - dc motor control
How to speed up robotic arm?
Is it possible to make Kite flying robot?
WHY are there no operating torque specifications on steppers?
How to protect the milk in a homemade vending machine?
What is rotor torque?
How can I get data from my kinect?
Why can Humans single out audio in a crowd? What would it take for a robot to do the same?
Help with adaptive fill algorithm for Water Color Painting Robot
Paper work before I do make my own Line follower Robot
How to control velocity ratio when turning angle is θ?
Cant see Kinect Data in ROS
How do I motorize the elbow socket and other joints in a powered exo-skeleton?
Beaglebone Black power draw
Making a robotic arm that can draw a circle
How can I get Windows Kinect working on Angstrom on Beaglebone?
How to make a motion sensor circuit, that can communicate with my LAN?
How to design a differential steering mechanism?
measuring gears for servo motors
3D Mapping from a quadcopter with KINECT
What is the name for the transfer function, GH
qt ros tutorial issue
Accelerometer calibration - how to get cross-axis sensitivities
H-bridges and stall current
How to raise/drop a spider
Accelerometer bias removal
How can I simulate a changing environment with non-rigid objects?
If you can create pure yaw motion with a quadcoptor then why won&#39;t this work with a tricoptor?
Roslaunch include file remotely
Limits of PWM, Timers and Interrupts?
Use of automated tricopters instead of quadcopters?
Arduino C/C++ progamming tutorials
How do I calculate the required loop frequency for a servo controller?
Single power source for electronics and actuators
How do you dim 12 volt LEDs?
On the ardupilot board, what is the difference between A10 / A11 ground pins and the PWM ground pins?
How do visual obstructions impact the ability to localize using LIDAR?
How to implement Bounded Angle Vision in Particle Filter?
PX4 Communication
Python3 Modules for motor movement
Light pattern is flashing intermittently using RVIZ/OpenNI with two Kinects
lithium thionyl chloride batteries to generate 20A @ 14.4V
How to build a liquid filling machine using piston?
automatic sorting with barcode identification inside a refrigerator
Optimal-time trajectory in 2D and 3D with simple constraints
Optimal Control for a simple pendulum
Building robots with high reliability, durability, and battery life
Why does my LSM303 magnetometer reading not change in a while loop?
Pros/Cons of common robotics &quot;kits&quot; at the high school level
Controlling more than 12 Servos with the Arduino Servo library
Does more &quot;Power&quot; (W) means better motor?
Problem uploading to Roboduino AtMega328
PID Conundrums for Legged Robots
Motor and Ethernet shields together
Permission to fly UAVs
Why are Mars rovers so slow?
How would I go about interfacing the raspberry pi and arduino?
Drone targeting
Learning about embedded systems
trapezoidal vs sinusoidal commutation
Wearable Accelerometor
Most material efficient quadcopter frame
laser scanner distance
Pan and tilt bracket for a stepper motor
Controlling Robots Through Serial
Learning Algorithms for Walking Quadruped
How can I improve the map in my Mobile Autonomous Robot using KINECT
What is the best way to go about building a robot hand that can type on keyboard, move &amp;click mouse, swipe touchscreens?
Is a Raspberry Pi processor powerful enough for a mobile chatbot?
Upgrading the motors on a SeaPerch ROV - more torque, or more RPMs?
Which programming language should I use with the NXT?
Software for robot parts interaction modeling
programming pan-tilt unit with C
Is it possible to run a neural network on a microcontroller
creating a robot from ez-b or regular arduino
Working of Autonomous Lawn mower(ALM) in an unbounded area without a perimeter wire
Instantaneous Center of Rotation for a differential Drive Robot
Source to learn Kalman Fusion, explanatory code snippets
Building a Autonomous pesticide spraying system using swarm robotics based on odor (volatile Organic Compounds) detection
Prop orientation for tricopters
Prop Orientation on a Multirotor
Can I use Ziegler-Nichols&#39;s rules to find PID parameters for a non linear system
How is PIV control performed?
What is the actual physical actuated quantity when controlling the position of a servo?
How to measure and dispense a finite amount of powder or liquid
How to detect when a stepper motor has stalled?
Open source &quot;sci-fi&quot;-like robot projects IRL
Multicopter odd or even
Arduino Controlled RC Car. What now?
How do I interpret these specs for a motor and motor driver?
Battery pack discharged
Non-Vision Based Target Tracking
Robotics Location Following and Tracking?
Should I switch my servo system from brushed to brushless motors?
For servos, can it be implied that `Holding Torque = Operating Torque * 2` like with steppers?
Why are Servo Motors so noisy?
Increasing the rotation range of a servo motor
How many amps do I want my Switching BEC to provide?
Servo motor considerations for a quadruped
Connecting multiple different voltage servos to the same controller
How to get two continuous tracks (tank treads) to move at the same rate?
Why are the IRB 1410&#39;s servos running even when the joints are not moving?
How do I design for a target speed?
How can I modify a low cost hobby servo to run &#39;freely&#39;?
Rotation ratio between left rocker and right rocker in rocker-bogie system
What kind of sensor do i need for knowing that something is placed at a position?
What are the mechanics of translational drift?
Is there a benefit to using 2 IMU units on a UAV set at different sensitivities?
How to tell a stepper motor&#39;s position, or detect slippage
How to connect an infrared remote control to PC or Arduino or Raspberry Pi?
How can a load be balanced between multiple AC electric drive motors?
Do magnets affect IMU values?
What is the easiest way to install ROS on OSX Mountain Lion?
Can I use the RaspberryPi to receive the GameCube remote&#39;s RF signals?
How do I adjust objects on a conveyor belt into the proper orientation?
What is the difference between Task-Level and Joint-Level Control Systems?
Would the strength and speed of a robot skeleton be a danger to its wearer?
Can I use digital animation software to define the movements of humanoid robots?
Connecting More Than Six Analog Input Pins to arduino
Plastic shaft supports
Space elevator: What is still needed, apart from the cable and propulsion?
Dropping PWM on Ardrone Parrot 2.0
EKF-SLAM Update step, Kalman Gain becomes singular
Problem with vibrations in air bearing
Dynamic braille interface
What is the wire used for hand movement of robot called ? where can I find it online ?
What would be the best way to handle food grains?
Has a robot ever taken a complete IQ test?
information filter instead of kalman filter approach
Where can I get A3 poster size of Mars Exploration Rover Spirit/Opportunity?
Fixed point arithmetic on microcontrollers
Fastest maze algorithm for robot
Overview - what skills are needed for sensor fusion?
object level sensor fusion for multiobject tracking
Shedding light on &quot;cyber-physical systems&quot;
How can I calculate processing speed of microcontroller
Minimum speed controller refresh rate
PID tuning to make my balancing robot better
When should FPGAs be used in Robotics?
Starting out advice on making robots and tinkering with microcontrollers
How to obtain stereo correspondences and what exactly is a disparity map?
Equation to limit rate of change of end-effector in X and Y coordinates
Why do space probes need heating?
Why are industrial machines called robots?
Dynamic programming algorithm aka Bellman equation in Robotics?
How do I interface a TLC5947 with small motors?
Torque in kg/cm?
What is the name of this mechanical linkage?
Why is this electro motor going slower?
How to perform this reference system transformation?
How do I measure the distance that a cord (string) has moved?
Prototyping a device with 25-100 small DC 3.0V motors, is Arduino a good fit?
What are human-friendly terms for mobile-robot orientation and relative direction of non-robot objects?
Is there a tool for building and analysing robots (kinematics, control) visually?
Simulated kinect rotation around X [gazebo bug?]
Visual Odometry options?
At which stage should filtering be applied to the sensors data?
How can I send video from my Arduino camera module video to my Android screen?
Is there a way to use a single dc motor output for two different loads?
How to assemble brushless motors and propellers?
Python libraries for image processing and feedback control on raspberry pi
Numpy alternatives for linear algebra and kinematics in python?
Stabilizing a Robot Arm at a Specified Height
Web mapping that can be used for autonomous vehicles/robots
How do I convert link parameters and angles (in kinematics) into transformation matrices in programming logic?
Controlling the Power of a Solenoid
Mindsensor Motor Multiplexer jump on run_unlimited
Perfecting Tripod Gait - Building a R-Hex Robot
Building a balancing robot with differential drive
How do we make our robot work?
How do space rovers survive at very low temperatures?
Is it possible to interface android mobile as GSM and GPS module with arduino based robotic applications?
More powerful alternatives to Lego Mindstorm NXT 2.0?
Resetting position of e-puck in Webots using Supervisor node - problem with getting a handle to the robot
Taylor Series expansion for EKF
How would I go about making an art drawing robot like this?
Charging multiple LiFePO4 batteries at the same time?
Local Localisation with particle filter
How to fuse linear and angular data from sensors
Conventional Land Vehicle Dynamic Models for GPS/INS augmentation
Adhesion for a heavy wall-climbing robot
Chaining Kalman filters
Does anyone know what might be giving me this error coming from an i2c device
Why must I loop 127 times for a &quot;7-bit&quot; address in this example?
One BEC for multiple ESC (Quadcopter)
Which is easier/cheaper: Hbridge vs ESC for controlling a motor?
Low-cost servo with digital control interfaces?
What is the opposite of &#39;Antagonistic&#39;?
Firmata over nRF24
High voltage motor control with arduino
What&#39;s an efficient way to visit every reachable space on a grid with unknown obstacles?
How can I detect the edge of a table?
Red [ERROR] output in python in ROS
How can I upgrade an existing robot with a higher torque, sensored motor @ ~100 watts?
Wifly Shield Not Connecting
Calibrate a 2d scanner mounted on a rotary axis
The relationship between point cloud maps and graph maps
How to select cameras for a stereo vision system?
How to Identify Objects in Space
Accurate 3D Printing W/Sketchup
TI ARM with stacked RAM
Storing Kinect Data on a USB Drive
Are power and torque required related in some way?
GPS tracking device
How do I select the best configuration for a known workspace, load and task?
Arduino Nano + Raspberry Pi = UAV Ground Station?
Is it possible to achieve arbitrary precision in camera calibration?
Building Robotic arm joint
Do I really need a gyro for an airplane flight stabilization system?
Would is be possible to connect a HiTechnic prototype board to an Arduino?
How do I simulate an assembly line?
Force measurement on grab bars
Remote car controlling
Which is model is best for feedback control of robotic manipulators: MIMO or parallel SISO?
Building a controllable &quot;knob&quot;
Sensors for differential drive
Can you seed a Kalman filter with a particle filter?
Sonar for obstacle avoidance: how many sensors and where to place them?
How do I interpret this data, received by the I2C controller on an NXT 2 brick?
What microcontroller should be used for QuadCopter flight control and ESC?
CNCing an injection mold
Wheels vs Continuous Tracks (Tank Treads)
Standalone (or capable of being) Robotics Simulator
How can one determine whether a LiPo battery is going bad?
Differences between Ackermann steering and standard bi/tricycles concerning kinematics?
How To Determine Heading Without Compass
Are there working instances of Kilobot projects?
How do I model a robot?
How to find out how far a motor has taken a vehicle?
Adding Rotary Encoders to an Electronic Wheel Chair
Can ultrasonic and button sensors be run in a VEX analog port?
Simple Neural Network with hardcoded positions for walk optimisation
How can Microhard 920 series modems be made compatible with Microhard 910 series?
Plans to use Vendor ID to identify EtherCAT devices?
USB instead of RS232
Would ROS benefit from a multicore processor like Epiphany or XMOS?
Protecting electronics against voltage/current extremes and bad polarity
How to balance a flying quadcopter?
Does RRT* guarantee asymptotic optimality for a minimum clearance cost metric?
Confused about the variables in RobotC?
What was the earliest concept of a robot?
How do you determine EKF process noise for pre-recorded data sets?
What are methods for dealing with compass lag (rate dependent hysteresis)?
Comparing maps to groundtruth
C++ Robust Model Fitting Library
Good method for building a pan and tilt controller?
Least squares map joining
Why does our LM2576 circuit suddenly cut down the power?
Cable routing in theta, x, y motion control system. Better inside or outside?
Including a RaspberryPi within a robot... Does this allow for a &quot;universal API&quot;?
PID line follow with three sensors in Not eXactly C
Noise in motion and measurement models
Check if task exists in Not eXactly C
Questions about quadcopter and radio controller
Raspberry Pi operating system for robotics
Formatting an SD card for Panda Board ES
Can I make a simple Bluetooth receiver?
How can I optimise control parameters for a stepper motor?
Lightweight, commercially available robotic arms
Choosing motors for 2 wheel drive robot
MEMS accelerometer calibration
Good book on mechanisms
MMA7361 Accelerometer Always Displays Same Values
Kinect - Libfreenect vs OpenNI+SensorKinect
Will turning an NXT motor by hand damage it?
Mathematical prerequisites for beginning graduate student in robotics
When taking VCC power from an arduino to a 12v regulator, then to a 5v, do I need two sets of capacitors?
How do you implement an INS from an accelerometer and (optionally) gyros and a magnetometer?
Inverse kinematics with joint contraints
Arduino Vin Current Limit
Who coined (or popularized) the term &quot;SLAM&quot;?
Using an Arduino to control an ON / OFF connection between two pins
Vex motors and tank treads drained 9-volt battery more quickly than expected
Is an accelerometer sufficient to detect displacement, or do I need an INS?
What is the best way to power a large number (27) servos at 5 V?
How can I best protect sensitive components against damage through vibration?
Can I use IMUs to improve the position/posture measurement of fingers in a &quot;data glove&quot;?
How much can working with CNC machines teach you about robotics?
What is the difference between 4-point and 8-point connectivity in graph based planning?
Is there a list of maneuvers related to control of a tracked platform?
What rail material is best used for linear bearings?
What algorithm can I use for constructing a map of an explored area using a number of ultrasound sensors?
What is the current state of the Google Self Driving Car Project?
Effectiveness of a Mobile Robot In Relation To Mass
Where can I find a tutorial or sample code for the Juniper WiFi Arduino Shield?
Collaborative Behavior: Implementing a Bucket Brigade With Robot Arms
Why do Mars rovers designers prefer wheels over tracks?
Decision trees for solving 2D inverse kinematics?
Rainbowduino 3.0 - Arduino IDE fails to upload
How computationally powerful is an Arduino Uno board?
Using an IMU to build an INS
Robotics Trends
Compatable ESC&#39;s with brushless 3 phase motors
Particle filters: How to do resampling?
How can I start learning robotics?
F/OSS Optical Object Avoidance
Is there a place for posting &quot;look at what I did&quot; videos?
What is a suitable model for two-wheeled robots?
Strategies for managing power on electrical systems for mobile robots
How to obtain dense point clouds from stereo cameras?
Is there a working implementation of &quot;Navigation Among Movable Obstacles&quot; for a bi-pedal robot?
Matlab &#39;system&#39; function with ROS
How to calculate serial speed and buffer requirements for PC to microcontroller communications?
What&#39;s the most effective type of rechargeable battery when taking into account size / weight / Ah?
Humble beginnings
Robot Serial Communication Error
How mature is real-time programming in robotics?
Connecting a 6 pole motor to a motor driver?
Irobot creae 2 C# connection
Low power computer for stereo vision
To control an omni wheel robot wirelessly using bluetooth and arduino
Simple way of 3d perception
Pose estimation, how to populate set of known edges and points?
Stereo camera Vs Kinect
Magnetometer to measure high angular velocity in small object
What main factors/features explain the high price of most industrial computer vision hardware?
the uncertainty of initializing new landmark in EKF-SLAM
Euler’s Method Or ode45 for solving ODE for control systems
algorithm Simple Stereo Vision
Denavit-Hartenberg parameters for SCARA manipulator
Detect human in proximity?
How to decide between LiPo or LiFePo for robot battery
Quadcopter frame design
Shallow underwater wireless sensor network
Easiest way to submit a longer non standard character string via MAVLink
How to calculate Euler Angles from gyroscope output?
Micro Quadcopter PID problem
Turning an epilog laser into a 3d printer?
EKF over-correcting?
RGB-D SLAM - Compute Information Matrix
Compound vision system or Megapixel camera reduction
My PID Controller in Java is not operating correctly
How do I work out the kinematic solution of a robot arm?
Enable Bluetooth Adapter for BeagleBone Black
Detect polyethylene
how to implement tracking problem with PID controller
What middle-ware do you recommend for a swarm of AUVs?
Calculating thrust generated from electric engines
Question about dynamic window approach?
Mapping algorithm without noise
What are the signs that a servo might be broken?
Beaglebone not accessible through LAN?
Square with hinge on all four sides
Using a Bitmap maze image to navigate the maze
Programming the Odometry of Rover 5
Comparison of the efficiency of DC motor current limiting / control methods?
Help to dimension the right controller for the following Tranfer Function
using range-only sensors for mapping in SLAM
Can we use this line sensor as a proximity sensor?
BeagleBone - PRU questions
Any image transfer protocol for wireless serial transfer?
Iterative Learning Control Algorithm
Can&#39;t connect to VNC server on BeagleBone?
Rocker bogie suspension system - pitch angle
where can I get openinterface.py?
Low power to motors -- motor power jumper issue
how to make a robot move using arduino other than timing to predefined locations?
What is the difference between motion planning and trajectory generation?
What should I be looking for in a DC motor that will be used in a UROV thruster?
Does anybody have information on the Delphi car?
object based indoor scene classification
Adding reverse function to a brushed motor electronic speed controller
Determine current roomba state / operating mode
Do you have to have a rate controller for a Quadcopter?
How to use scan command in Arduino WifiBee
Psudo inertia matrix in RP model
Quadcopter: Stabilization along the z-axis (for holding altitude)
robotic cell simulation software plc
Using Armatures in Morse Robotic Simulator
looking for a circular track and bearing with a spindle
I want my stepper motor to switch speed while traveling (not acceleration wise)
How can I send a jpeg image to a microcontroller via USART?
Robot docking for self-recharging
joint positions of a robot
Glasses with eye sensors
Joint angle correction using LM
Roomba Create 2 problem reading distance traveled
Dynamically detect changing obstacles
iRobot Create PDF Documentation Links don&#39;t work
How to set up binocular cameras on a car?
How to send commands to create 2 over Bluetooth
How to tune PID controller for nonlinear feedback linearization control of a robotic arm?
How to find the body jacobain, for each link in a robot manipulator?
Manipulator link applied torque
Power issues involving Raspberry Pi
How is it possible to maintain the total thrust when controlling yaw of a quadcopter?
Adxl345 SPI problem reading values!
HXT 900 Arduino Sweep Problem
Simulate IMU (2D gyro and accelerometer) data
Is it tough to make a robotic workshop of your own
Image retrieval through a multibeam imaging sonar
Connect to video stream with Java app instead of console and mplayer
How important are events like &quot;Robocup&quot; to the advancement of Robotics in general?
How to find theta1 to theta5 after D-H parameter
Quadcopter Propeller size + Motor
How to tune a PIV controller?
joining an esp8266 wifi module to an access point
Raspberry Pi for a beginner
How to estimate yaw angle from tri-axis accelerometer and gyroscope
Jacobian transpose: how to calculate orientation error
beaglebone black doesn&#39;t autoboot when powered over jack or vdd pins
how can ı reduce this block diagram?
EKF-SLAM Computing the jacobians for landmark updates
EKF-SLAM, how best to manage the &#39;P&#39; covariance matrix, programatically
Effect of adding a Pole and Zero to PID
Monocular vs. stereo computer vision robustness for object detection
Single Touch Based Sensor and Odometry SLAM in Noisy Rectilinear Enviroment
SLAM noob here, a few questions regarding EKF-SLAM
Drive motor voltage / other specifications of Roomba 650
Verifying motor selection calculations
Raspberry Pi quadcopter thrashes at high speeds
Tried Normal Distributions Transform with my own files (in correct PCD format) and it throws errors, why?
Interfacing high-resolution image sensors with ARM Board
How to provide power to a robot/raspberry pi?
RC Transmitter Quadcopter with Arduino
Controlling the iRobot Create 2 with MATLAB
Automatic agricultural robot using 8051
How to choose the right propeller/motor combination for a quadcopter?
FreeIMU External Magnetometer
Calculating acceleration and velocity
Grid mapping probability calculation algorithmic complexity
What wireless technology to use to control robots in classroom?
Graph optimization with G2O
iRobot Create 2 and Open Interface 2 Spec not syncing up with incoming data
How to calculate the center of mass Jacobian matrix of a robot arm
Cheapest 3D printer for gears?
Control a Quadcopter with an xbox 360 controller
Recommendation for good source of Robotic Components
Position and Object Data Tracking
Sending commands to Roomba from PC
Dock command does not seem to work
PID control of tank-like robot and IMU
Controlling an ESC for Brushless Motors with an RPi
What is the link between a quadcopter transmitter pulse and the roll/pitch/yaw angles?
aerodynamics of quadcopter
How to calculate the real time RPM of motor with rotary encoder?
DYNAMIXEL MX-106-R burnt
Basic general question about controllers
the specifications graph showing the battery discharges in volt per time
Remote Control Relative to Driver
Is 1 to 3 inches internal diamter slewing ring standard parts?
I need the specifications for irobot create 2
How to distribute tension load on a three footed claw?
Arduino depth sensor
Is Khepera II still adequate for learning
Position Controller for a Quadrotor
Where to buy small propellors for quadcopter
Sporadic sensing rates for hc-sr04 ultrasonic distance sensor
How can I power a wheel but let it spin freely when not under power?
Datalogging from Arduino Mega to Dropbox
How to convert vertical motion to horizontal
Implementation of wall and obstacle avoidance
What is the best software/package to draw the robot manipulator and indicate DH parameters and different axes?
Parameter $r$ of Denavit-Hartenberg
Problems using syskit monitors -&gt; failed emission of the foo event of
Internal Pullup Sufficient for i2c in beaglebone Black?
What type of servos are used in industrial robot arms like Universal Robot UR5?
Help with code that is supposed to drive a servo controller
Can&#39;t connect to BeagleBone Webserver?
create2 does not dock
Robotics SLAM datasets - scaling factor
Atmel ICE basic connection
making a robot that knows your location
How to read data from i2c using i2cget?
Difference between planetary and precision gear motors
Motor for weapon for Hobbyweight
Is motor current proportional to thrust?
Particle Filter Sampling Step
How can I filter Gyroscopic data?
Driver Board to Control 16 Brushed DC Motors
Denavit-Hartenberg convention or the product of exponentials formulation, when dealing with the manipulator kinematics?
IMU based acceleration parameters for differential drive robot
mobile robot behaving strangely while rotating and reversing in Gazebo simulation
Provides a 10 Degree-Of-Freedom IMU reduntant data?
Reverse lift mechanism
How do I get MPU 6050 gyroscope data using &quot;MPU6050_6Axis_MotionApps20.h&quot; library
What equipment has been used to design this robot
How many methods can I use to acquire depth data?
Unilateral Torque Constraint on the foot-ground interface
In the PID equation K[((s+a)^2)/s] what values correspond to the PID coefficients Kp, Ki, Kd?
How can I know which system is easier to control using PID controller?
Does anyone have any walking patterns for a Biped Scout? (LYNXmotion)
Don&#39;t understand how sensor works, metal wired directly to I/O pin of arduino
Does an electronic compass work underwater
Iron man Jarvis like robot
How to know what type of stepper motors to use when designing a robot
Why I&#39;m getting very long terms in the inertia matrix (or dynamics model) of the robot using matlab script?
Is the crazyflie control board considered a microcontroller
How to stabilize a quadcopter
Open Source software for Quadcopters
All inclusive quad copter kit
What are some low cost alternatives for lidar?
PID output does not reach setpoint precisely enough
Motor for a hydraulic pump in a hydraulic system
Stallable motor - 100% duty cycle higher torque motor that can be stalled without burning up
Finding changes in environment using 2d laser
How are units of noise measurement related to units of a sensor&#39;s data measurement?
Why does microstepping give less torque?
Drones and camera streaming
I need help with choosing a computer on the board
Computer vision with single camera vs. distance sensors for obstacle detection
Minimising lateral drift in a PID (Arduino) controlled quadcopter using a 6DOF IMU
Self-locking actuator: Friction versus worm gear
How feasible is the idea of operating a robotic arm in a non-sophisticated way?
How to drive forward dynamic simulations (OpenSim)?
Is it possible for a robot to navigate through predefined coordinates?
Can a quadcopter hover while tilted?
Quadcopter degrees of freedom
Irobot creae 2 C# connection
Low power computer for stereo vision
To control an omni wheel robot wirelessly using bluetooth and arduino
Simple way of 3d perception
Pose estimation, how to populate set of known edges and points?
Stereo camera Vs Kinect
Magnetometer to measure high angular velocity in small object
What main factors/features explain the high price of most industrial computer vision hardware?
the uncertainty of initializing new landmark in EKF-SLAM
Euler’s Method Or ode45 for solving ODE for control systems
algorithm Simple Stereo Vision
Denavit-Hartenberg parameters for SCARA manipulator
Detect human in proximity?
How to decide between LiPo or LiFePo for robot battery
Quadcopter frame design
Shallow underwater wireless sensor network
Easiest way to submit a longer non standard character string via MAVLink
How to calculate Euler Angles from gyroscope output?
Micro Quadcopter PID problem
Turning an epilog laser into a 3d printer?
EKF over-correcting?
RGB-D SLAM - Compute Information Matrix
Compound vision system or Megapixel camera reduction
My PID Controller in Java is not operating correctly
How do I work out the kinematic solution of a robot arm?
Enable Bluetooth Adapter for BeagleBone Black
Detect polyethylene
how to implement tracking problem with PID controller
What middle-ware do you recommend for a swarm of AUVs?
Calculating thrust generated from electric engines
Question about dynamic window approach?
Mapping algorithm without noise
What are the signs that a servo might be broken?
Beaglebone not accessible through LAN?
Square with hinge on all four sides
Using a Bitmap maze image to navigate the maze
Programming the Odometry of Rover 5
Comparison of the efficiency of DC motor current limiting / control methods?
Help to dimension the right controller for the following Tranfer Function
using range-only sensors for mapping in SLAM
Can we use this line sensor as a proximity sensor?
BeagleBone - PRU questions
Any image transfer protocol for wireless serial transfer?
Iterative Learning Control Algorithm
Can&#39;t connect to VNC server on BeagleBone?
Rocker bogie suspension system - pitch angle
where can I get openinterface.py?
Low power to motors -- motor power jumper issue
how to make a robot move using arduino other than timing to predefined locations?
What is the difference between motion planning and trajectory generation?
What should I be looking for in a DC motor that will be used in a UROV thruster?
Does anybody have information on the Delphi car?
object based indoor scene classification
Adding reverse function to a brushed motor electronic speed controller
Determine current roomba state / operating mode
Do you have to have a rate controller for a Quadcopter?
How to use scan command in Arduino WifiBee
Psudo inertia matrix in RP model
Quadcopter: Stabilization along the z-axis (for holding altitude)
robotic cell simulation software plc
Using Armatures in Morse Robotic Simulator
looking for a circular track and bearing with a spindle
I want my stepper motor to switch speed while traveling (not acceleration wise)
How can I send a jpeg image to a microcontroller via USART?
Robot docking for self-recharging
joint positions of a robot
Glasses with eye sensors
Joint angle correction using LM
Roomba Create 2 problem reading distance traveled
Dynamically detect changing obstacles
iRobot Create PDF Documentation Links don&#39;t work
How to set up binocular cameras on a car?
How to send commands to create 2 over Bluetooth
How to tune PID controller for nonlinear feedback linearization control of a robotic arm?
How to find the body jacobain, for each link in a robot manipulator?
Manipulator link applied torque
Power issues involving Raspberry Pi
How is it possible to maintain the total thrust when controlling yaw of a quadcopter?
Adxl345 SPI problem reading values!
HXT 900 Arduino Sweep Problem
Simulate IMU (2D gyro and accelerometer) data
Is it tough to make a robotic workshop of your own
Image retrieval through a multibeam imaging sonar
Connect to video stream with Java app instead of console and mplayer
How important are events like &quot;Robocup&quot; to the advancement of Robotics in general?
How to find theta1 to theta5 after D-H parameter
Quadcopter Propeller size + Motor
How to tune a PIV controller?
joining an esp8266 wifi module to an access point
Raspberry Pi for a beginner
How to estimate yaw angle from tri-axis accelerometer and gyroscope
Jacobian transpose: how to calculate orientation error
beaglebone black doesn&#39;t autoboot when powered over jack or vdd pins
how can ı reduce this block diagram?
EKF-SLAM Computing the jacobians for landmark updates
EKF-SLAM, how best to manage the &#39;P&#39; covariance matrix, programatically
Effect of adding a Pole and Zero to PID
Monocular vs. stereo computer vision robustness for object detection
Single Touch Based Sensor and Odometry SLAM in Noisy Rectilinear Enviroment
SLAM noob here, a few questions regarding EKF-SLAM
Drive motor voltage / other specifications of Roomba 650
Verifying motor selection calculations
Raspberry Pi quadcopter thrashes at high speeds
Tried Normal Distributions Transform with my own files (in correct PCD format) and it throws errors, why?
Interfacing high-resolution image sensors with ARM Board
How to provide power to a robot/raspberry pi?
RC Transmitter Quadcopter with Arduino
Controlling the iRobot Create 2 with MATLAB
Automatic agricultural robot using 8051
How to choose the right propeller/motor combination for a quadcopter?
FreeIMU External Magnetometer
Calculating acceleration and velocity
Grid mapping probability calculation algorithmic complexity
What wireless technology to use to control robots in classroom?
Graph optimization with G2O
iRobot Create 2 and Open Interface 2 Spec not syncing up with incoming data
How to calculate the center of mass Jacobian matrix of a robot arm
Cheapest 3D printer for gears?
Control a Quadcopter with an xbox 360 controller
Recommendation for good source of Robotic Components
Position and Object Data Tracking
Sending commands to Roomba from PC
Dock command does not seem to work
PID control of tank-like robot and IMU
Controlling an ESC for Brushless Motors with an RPi
What is the link between a quadcopter transmitter pulse and the roll/pitch/yaw angles?
aerodynamics of quadcopter
How to calculate the real time RPM of motor with rotary encoder?
DYNAMIXEL MX-106-R burnt
Basic general question about controllers
the specifications graph showing the battery discharges in volt per time
Remote Control Relative to Driver
Is 1 to 3 inches internal diamter slewing ring standard parts?
I need the specifications for irobot create 2
How to distribute tension load on a three footed claw?
Arduino depth sensor
Is Khepera II still adequate for learning
Position Controller for a Quadrotor
Where to buy small propellors for quadcopter
Sporadic sensing rates for hc-sr04 ultrasonic distance sensor
How can I power a wheel but let it spin freely when not under power?
Datalogging from Arduino Mega to Dropbox
How to convert vertical motion to horizontal
Implementation of wall and obstacle avoidance
What is the best software/package to draw the robot manipulator and indicate DH parameters and different axes?
Parameter $r$ of Denavit-Hartenberg
Problems using syskit monitors -&gt; failed emission of the foo event of
Internal Pullup Sufficient for i2c in beaglebone Black?
What type of servos are used in industrial robot arms like Universal Robot UR5?
Help with code that is supposed to drive a servo controller
Can&#39;t connect to BeagleBone Webserver?
create2 does not dock
Robotics SLAM datasets - scaling factor
Atmel ICE basic connection
making a robot that knows your location
How to read data from i2c using i2cget?
Difference between planetary and precision gear motors
Motor for weapon for Hobbyweight
Is motor current proportional to thrust?
Particle Filter Sampling Step
How can I filter Gyroscopic data?
Driver Board to Control 16 Brushed DC Motors
Denavit-Hartenberg convention or the product of exponentials formulation, when dealing with the manipulator kinematics?
IMU based acceleration parameters for differential drive robot
mobile robot behaving strangely while rotating and reversing in Gazebo simulation
Provides a 10 Degree-Of-Freedom IMU reduntant data?
Reverse lift mechanism
How do I get MPU 6050 gyroscope data using &quot;MPU6050_6Axis_MotionApps20.h&quot; library
What equipment has been used to design this robot
How many methods can I use to acquire depth data?
Unilateral Torque Constraint on the foot-ground interface
In the PID equation K[((s+a)^2)/s] what values correspond to the PID coefficients Kp, Ki, Kd?
How can I know which system is easier to control using PID controller?
Does anyone have any walking patterns for a Biped Scout? (LYNXmotion)
Don&#39;t understand how sensor works, metal wired directly to I/O pin of arduino
Does an electronic compass work underwater
Iron man Jarvis like robot
How to know what type of stepper motors to use when designing a robot
Why I&#39;m getting very long terms in the inertia matrix (or dynamics model) of the robot using matlab script?
Is the crazyflie control board considered a microcontroller
How to stabilize a quadcopter
Open Source software for Quadcopters
All inclusive quad copter kit
What are some low cost alternatives for lidar?
PID output does not reach setpoint precisely enough
Motor for a hydraulic pump in a hydraulic system
Stallable motor - 100% duty cycle higher torque motor that can be stalled without burning up
Finding changes in environment using 2d laser
How are units of noise measurement related to units of a sensor&#39;s data measurement?
Why does microstepping give less torque?
Drones and camera streaming
I need help with choosing a computer on the board
Computer vision with single camera vs. distance sensors for obstacle detection
Minimising lateral drift in a PID (Arduino) controlled quadcopter using a 6DOF IMU
Self-locking actuator: Friction versus worm gear
How feasible is the idea of operating a robotic arm in a non-sophisticated way?
How to drive forward dynamic simulations (OpenSim)?
Is it possible for a robot to navigate through predefined coordinates?
Can a quadcopter hover while tilted?
Quadcopter degrees of freedom
What is the cheapest way to make led sensitive to sound around?
Converting a linear acceleration command into a DC motor command?
where can i learn electronics from intro to advance digital
How to choose timing belt?
Angles in a Rocker bogie system
Running epucks as a flock using webots software
Is there a brushless motor controller accepting over 500 updates/s?
joint compatibility branch and bound (JCBB) data association implementation
Creating an xbox remote that replaces spectrum dx3c or dx3e without wifi
Line following robot with EV3 Colour Sensor
The uncertainty is big while the sensor is rather accurate at measuring a landmark in EKF-SLAM
Send Arduino sensor data to server with GPRS shield
Can mapping be done in real life applications without also solving the localization problem at the same time (i.e. SLAM)?
help me in quadcopter controlling
Good Robotics /Bio Engineering/prosthetics Graduate Programme in US/Europe?
DC Motor PID control with unstable velocity feedback
I am doing a project on robotic surgeries! Can anyone help me and give me some details related to this topic?
How to connect HC-sr04 ultrasonic sensor to APM 2.6?
GraphSLAM: why are constraints imposed twice in the information matrix?
How to track robot position
Using laser in Mobile Sim with Matlab Aria interface
What dependencies do I need for USB programing in python with pyUSB?
Tools needed for static and dynamic balancing
In PID control, what do the poles and zeros represent?
Microcontroller for running Linux RTAI
What is stall current and free current of motors?
How do you design Quadcopter PID algorithm?
Epson EH853C robotics : Structure of command flow in the robot?
Servos power supply in Quadruped Robot
Heavy omnidirectional platform suspension
What dynamic system could these equations represent?
how to plot $\pm 3 \sigma$ of a landmark in EKF-SLAM
&quot;Time-varying&quot; and &quot;nonautonomous&quot; dynamical systems and their Lyapunov analysis
Jacobian-based trajectory following
Are robotic pollenators being designed?
FRC RoboRio Eclipse can&#39;t find edu.wpi.first.wpilibj
How to get a python node in ROS subscribe to multiple topics?
Multiple limbs on small robots
Can I use a PWM HHO Controller to control a brushless DC motor?
Ros, iai_kinect2 issues
Suggestions for beginer in Robotics
Ball and plate possible sensors use
Linear State space model for mobile robot
Finding the relative pose of a robot gripper
I want to control a sewing machine motor; need help with choices
Best practice to write a ROS service for a serial-communication class with many options
Cheap wheeled robot without tether (does not need to be programable)
Need of Kalman filters in unimodal measurement model
choose ZigBee modules for full wireless mesh
How to manage interrupts on an AVR?
How to get the 4*4 matrix from the twist using product of exponentials, in robot kinematics?
Numerical-Example for Paden-Kahan subproblems?
jacobian of Abb irb140 robot
Forward Kinematics/D-H parameters for perpendicular joint axes
DH Matrix to homogeneous transformation matrix for each joint
Denavit-Hartenberg convention
How Should I Choose an Educational Robotics Kits for Beginner Programmers?
Robot Navigation Feedback using Image Processing
Guidance &amp; Info about Quadcopter Project
How do quadcopters turn left and right?
Quad Copter with GSM and GPRS modules
Is our laptop wifi single channel or multiple channel? This is for controlling a bot
Robotics jargon question: How to conjugate &#39;teach&#39;?
Create Artificial Integelent Robot Ability to communicate with Computer : Which language i should use
What kind of linear actuator can be used for very small forces over relatively long distances
What is the scope of Electronics Engineering in Robotics/Automation?
Kalman Filter with incremental encoder + optical mice
Fusion of GNSS position data and prefused 9-dof AHRS data
EV3 MonoBrick C# Library Tutorial
Communicating between a BeagleBone Black and a servo controller
Jacobian Matrix of 6DOF Body (with IMU)
Robot that can either climb a pole or crawl walls of a water tank
Odometry and motor dynamics identification
control circuit of a humanoid robot (something like iCub or Asimo)
Inverse Kinematics Constant End Effector Angle
Additional Power to DC Motor via Second Power Source
What&#39;s the smallest rotation a brush-less motor can perform?
Multiple PIDs in quadcopter
Using hobby servo as axle
3-axis Magnetometer Question
Is there a name for the steering style/wheel actuation used on Curiosity?
Building an open loop controller for a simple DC motor position problem
How to request a specific Mavlink packet from Ardupilot?
How much torque do I need for a CNC machine?
Help for Cracking Robotics Interview
PID controller for trajectory with mutliple setpoints
Developing a Quadrotor using ROS
Using a Sick laser with Matlab in Windows
2 Wheeled , 2 motor robot control
How does Fliike Smiirl counter mechanism work
Sensor that will produce a sinusoid phase locked to a high RPM Shaft
EKF SLAM and Mahalanobis distance?
Using an Xbox controller to fly a Quadrocopter
what is the price of Pioneer P3DX
Can a Jacobian be used to determine required joint angles for end effector velocity/position?
How to run custom hardware from a laptop
SLAM without landmarks?
Particle filter weight function
Code control your arduino with keyboard
Relative frame calculation
Fuses for mechanical systems
role of chi2 in SLAM back-end optimization
differential robot yaw estimation using kalman filter
Ways of reversing motor direction easily
Choosing a WiFi antenna for outdoor robot
Quadcopter multiple ESC angles glitch
How to stabilize color sensor for VEX IQ?
How does a two-gear pull-back car toy work?
Good method for Retuning a PID After Detecting Oscillation
Zero crossing events with brushless DC motors
Tracking Landspeed Underwater
theory on rigid body motion in robotics book
Comparing LQR and PID controllers for inverted pendulum problem
Can ReplicatorG or MatterControl drive a RepRap RAMBo motherboard?
The ide using for programming the Atlas robots
How do I control a servo using a beaglebone black running ubuntu
Difference between kinematic, dynamic and differential constraints
State space and control space
How to combine an accelerometer and a gyroscope to find robot location and orientation in 2D/3D space
Finding inverse kinematics algorithm for a specific manipulator
Eliminating Electrical Noise from my motor driver
Powering a multirotor with dedicated batteries for each motor
Hydraulics/Motor Power calculation question
How high of a gear ratio can a motor have?
Unable to hover my quadcopter
Mobile Camera Calibration and rectification frame rate
PID for Quadcopters
Questions on gears for a robot actuator
Dealing with position inaccuracy and latency in PID Loop
Best strategy for area scanning using little sensing bots
Step Motor and Bevel gear calibration
Torque control and monitoring of servo
Connecting PC and PI over celluar network
Controlled flow of a viscous fluid on a substrate
How do you calculate the moment of inertia of a Quadcopter?
arduino -lcd screen has weird noise with multiple pictures
What is inverse depth (in odometry) and why would I use it?
Passing power through a motor
How can I improve the range of an XBee S6B?
Robotics advice needed
Accounting for error in multiple electric motors
3D Camera for beginner
PCB making at home
ros send message on startup doesn&#39;t seem to work
SCARA Arm Lead Screw Choices
Can ROS run on a Raspberry Pi?
Basic programming in arducopter
Understanding the Bode Plot
Ambiguous definition of Error-State (Indirect) Kalman Filter
Getting started with Jetson Tegra K1
How do I achieve this? Grid of dowels powered by piston-like movement
Can I make an automatically-parking robot car with IR sensor?
Battery system for a robot with a RaspberryPi or microcontroller
What Does the Sensitivity Function Mean?
Device that can push out independent pin points?
language to code Beaglebone
beaglebone black power supply for hexapod
LT1157 Logic Level Question
Looking for a cheap(ish) micromouse that I can program with C/C++
Communicating between a beaglebone black and an arduino using ttyO4
What type of Antennas to use for XBeePRo 2.4Ghz
Relative Navigation Systems
tricopter simulation to test control algorithms
it&#39;s worth to make a line follower using a raspberry pi and a web cam?
Stereo vision on a moving vehicle
Linear or Switching Power Supply for a Embedded Project
Need help on using gesture based angle control
Where is the function _MAV_RETURN_ defined?
Gyro rate gets increase problem
Public dataset for monocular visual odometry
Why Make Bipedal Robots?
How do self driving cars really work?
Lifting Robot To Lift Small Creates
Issues upgrading Arduino code for Kinect controlled arm from 2 servos to 4
Uploading edited code for Arducopter
Quadrocopter first build: how to tell if components play well together?
Is my quadcopter loop fast enough?
How to periodically estimate states of a LTI if the output is measured irregularly?
translation the shaft encoder data
Which encoder should I use with a 24V Dc motor and 6mm shaft?
What kind of motor control can I implement if I cannot use an Encoder?
How can I use the Arduino PID library to drive a robot in a straight line?
How to program parallel PID control loops? So I can give my robot multiple set points to follow
Controlling Dynamixel servo wirelessly using Arduino Mega
Can&#39;t Read current on Pololu Dual MC33926 Motor Driver Shield for Arduino
The aerial refueling problem: sketch of a feedback controller
Has hierarchical learning been embodied in a robot before?
Nano sized electric motors
Need a Relay Alternative
Feedback controller: Is there any influence between outer and inner loop when running at different frequencies?
What does this &quot;inverse&quot; peak mean? (step function)
How can I replace acceleration in the dynamic model of the robot?
I need more robots
How to attach a motor to a blade?
Stated power for a motor does not equal nominal voltage x current?
The algorithm for the following analog controller =&gt; digital controller?
iRobot Create 2 discrepancy betweenOpen Interface Specifications and Create 2 Serial to 3.3V Logic
Robots minimum distance
Non-markovian problems/approaches in robotics
Natural frequency computation (for PID gains computations)
Jacobian method for inverse kinematics
Why does a ID controller not exist?
Alternatives to cameras for a dirt sensor for an autonomous vacuum robot?
robot control law - control theory vs optimal control
How to invert D-H parameters
Measuring the performance and response rate of ESCs
Clicking NXT Brick
Simple vector problem, Weight vector components &amp; sine and cosine of rotation?
I want to be a guy of robotics
Simple yet effective angular position sensor to be used in robotic hand
Risk of overloading motor controller
How would i go about learning to code a flight controller?
Programming a Quadcopter
SLAM Goal Babbling
Shortest path using wave planner?
what is the easiest method to plot a temperature in my pc?
Is it better to have batteries distributed at the rotors or the center of the multicopter?
kinect - development kit to aid obstacle-avoiding robot?
Good 3D simulator for outdoor autonomous navigation
Defining a trajectory for a quadrotor
interfacing arduino uno with 9 dof razor imu
Can triangulation by measuring angles to 3 beacons to find location work over a large outdoor area
Udoo board + Kinect sensor?
Error as a State space
Can you identify the construction material/system used in the pic?
How to send a new Mavlink message from Ardupilot?
What is the maximum payload weight for create 2/can I use old create accessories with the Create 2?
Raspberry Pi vs BeagleBone Black Rev C on vending machine
Sun tracking with +/- 0.1degree accuracy?
Where does Gazebo set the GAZEBO_MODEL_PATH environment variable?
APM Planner on Linux/Ubuntu &quot;open from file&quot; not working
Why does the Pixhawk have 2 IMUs
Finding the position of a servo
Questions about Irobot Create
Help sending serial command to Roomba
Connecting an Arduino uno with a beaglebone black over USB
How to create the four way joint at the base of each finger
Best UGV platform?
redundant arm path planning and trajectory following
What is recommended prerequisite knowledge to get kid started with Create 2?
How do I set up a rubber hand experiment with precise latency?
How to find a solution for quadcopter PID control
3D Magnetometer calibration algorithm
Regarding Long distance wireless communication
Device to roll a mat
2D Robot Arm Inverse Kinematics with minimum joint loads
Cannot launch iRobot Create. Powers down upon minimal launch?
Robot safety standards for software
What motors should I use that do not require gearboxes? This is a car like robot
following a trajectory with LQR controller
optimal number of robots for cooperative surveillance
Continous rotation with cables
Nano Quadcopters Microcontroller and battery
Communicating with syringe pump using PySerial
Implementing a torque-controlled method on a position-controlled robot
Simulator for an adaptive, under-actuated robotic gripper
Is the accuracy of estimated position in localization better than estimated position in SLAM?
Controlling a Quadrotor from a PC
Calculating the force of this system
ubuntu arm lacking /sys/devices/cape-bone-iio
Plastic that&#39;s transparent to IR range sensors
What is an effective distribution of grayscale sensors on robot
Best localization method?
How to choose the state space model for 1 axis gyroscope to implemnt a good kalman filter
What is the most appropriate SLAM algorithm for quadrotors with RGB-D camera?
Find Centre Of Circle, when robot can &quot;see&quot; a partial arc
Robotc color sensor error
Assigning Serial number and GUID to a microcontroller
DualCopter Degree Of Freedom
Kalman filter model values or state space original value? Which values to use?
Bluetooth integration with MSP430
ROS NavStack with Skid Steering robots
Wiring 5V sensors to Beaglebone Black
Trying to design a mechanical system with vertical and horizontal movement
Control circuit of humanoid robot: is it worth to learn and use ROS?
Control circuit of humanoid robot: is it worth to learn and use ROS?
Visualizing kinect data on rviz
Velocity derivatives using Quaternions
Using i2c&#39;s SCL and GPIO pins as SDA
How do I determine the heading of a six wheeled robot?
Altitude hold for quadcopter with Accelerometer and Barometer
Use linear quadratic regulator to minimize output error
remote control laser meter
How to convert PID outputs to appropriate motor speeds for a quad copter
I am new in robotics....I want to know about SLAM algorithm....How should I proceed?
How can I convert RGB colors to CMYK for my airbrush robot?
Open source implementations of EKF for 6D pose esimation
world files for simulating roads and tracks
What are the calculations for a badminton robot and mechanisms?
Turning position level FK to motion level FK
Software to simulate mechanics of production line
How does power get to the flywheel in a motorized gyroscope?
Perfect implementation of Asimov&#39;s 3 Laws
Seamless motor movement
Could a robot be programmed to be human?
Is it possible to achieve fully autonomous route following using PX4FMU module?
Backstepping Integrator: changing the virtual control
How to decide about the length of a robotic arm, the base of it and the torque?
How to correctly compute direct kinematics for a delta robot?
How many work injuries occured by a human robots interaction last year?
is it possible to track movement on a tennis court?
How to use gear motor 9 with Arduino
Connecting multiple servos to a robotic arm
Programming a line following robot with reinforcement learning
Keeping two wheeled wall following robot straight
Keeping two wheeled wall following robot straight
Controlling a system with PID that resists backdrive
How to program an Inovatic USB interface?
What kind of lidar is necessary for SLAM?
What servos does this robot use?
Quadcopter Hovering Problem
Virtual Testing Environment for Drones
Submarine screw and the isolation from the water
Does anyone have a working example of using Qt to communicate with NXT?
Simplest and cheapest way to create a spring back latch
Power switch standards and suitability for purpose
Why can&#39;t i use different ESCs together on a multirotor?
Real time operating system for robotics vision
Can I use QT to communicate with a Lego NXT robot?
Robotics simulation from PNG map
Chassis materials for Hobby-weight (5.44Kg) battle robot
Are there surface texture sensors for integration in circuits?
Robot to manipulate poultry
LM2576 and LM2596 regulator make microcontroller hang
Controlling a 400W motor with 24V 16A batteries with an arduino board
Choosing DC motor: max needed torque vs nominal torque
Rate PID vs Stabalize PID
Preventing leaks in motor shafts for underwater bots
Controlling a system with delayed measurements
Is there build your own garage robotic assembly lines out there?
How to tune the PID parameters using Fuzzy Logic?
Will AIs ever be as advanced as the human brain?
What are the reasons for not having autonomous robots in our daily activities?
What algorithm should I implement to program a room cleaning robot?
Programming a G-code Interpreter
How to make a robot following a virtual eight figure pattern without using microcontrollers?
How does the &quot;rated torque&quot; for a gear relate to the maximum torque?
Arduino Lightsensor Blocking Code
Choosing suitable simulator for a swarm of AUVs
Choosing motor and battery for a robot
How to know when a Li-Po battery is discharged?
Roll, Pitch Calculation Problem!
What happens when a brush-less motor stalls?
What frequency does my quadcopter output-sense-calculate-output update loop need to stay stable?
Is a simple range sensor described below sufficient to implement particle filter localization?
How to change the orientation of an object w.r.t a scene?
Understanding a sliding mode controller for quadrotors
How to control PID Yaw
Is the nominal voltage of a motor the voltage to apply to the motor?
Control a 2.4 Ghz AR Drone from the computer
Which type of actuator will be suitable for a very strong robot arm
How can computer vision distinguish one object being contained by another vs being on top of it?
Data association with ekf?
A robotics computer with graphics card, lots of computation power, battery, no screen, no keyboard?
Selecting a gear reduction: torque vs speed
NAO motor model identification
how to power extra usb devices for beaglebone black
Proportional controller error doesn&#39;t approach zero
A general question about PID Controller
Implementing a position control for UAV through a flight controller. Plant model is unknown
Brush-less motor specs vs efficiency for multi-copters
Does RoboRIO support Java 8?
Choosing motor characteristics
tracking robot in a room
Power switch and common ground on a battle robot
Changing tank drive (differential) mode to single joystick drive mode
Image processing in bright lights
AHRS Algorithm Question
Is the input of ESC really limited at 50 Hz and will the PID controllers work properly?
RNN instead of a PID controller
Hokuyo URG-04LX-UG01 and Mac compatibility issues
Using pic as webserver?
Motor controller calibration
Visualizing and debugging an EKF
How to control an Arduino Board with wireless PS3 controler?
Probabilistic Velocity Obstacles
Self Powered Quadcoptor
Mahalanobis distance between 2 line features
Quadrature Encoder Counts
Scan Matching finds right rotation but false translation
Android phone + ADK + Arducopter APM 2.5 for autonomous quadcopter
gazebo import robot gives error
How can I dynamically control the amount of torque necessary to rotate something for a test rig?
Rotate (and stop) a large disk in very tiny increments
Build a ROS robot with SLAM without laser
Which is more useful? Instantaneous rate of change of displacement or Average rate of change of displacement?
Learning Materials for Beginners in Robotics and Quadrocopters
Sending a smartphone&#39;s GPS wireless
How to find the height of a rock with a rover?
Using kinect for medical application but without computer. Is it possible?
Inverse Kinematics of Parallel Manipulator (Delta Robot)
How do I get this transformation matrix?
Detect road surface in a traffic scene point cloud
PID Control Tuning
Survey for Local Navigation
Short distance ball transport
Wheeled Robot Motion Primitives: Is throttling forward and crab motion considered as one?
How to calculate probability of particle survival for particle filter?
PID Tuning Quadcopter Problem
Advice on mounting a servo for a nerf sentry gun
Two State Linear Actuator
Why are Mars rovers so slow?
Why do I need a Kalman filter?
Programming Robots with JavaScript
How to choose the right propeller/motor combination for a quadcopter?
What is the difference between Kinect for Windows and Kinect for XBox?
Preventing leaks in motor shafts for underwater bots
Why are Servo Motors so noisy?
What useful gaits exist for a six legged robot, and what are their pros and cons?
Quadcopter liPo battery weight/capacity trade off
What algorithm should I use for balancing a two wheeled robot using a gyroscope?
What is stall current and free current of motors?
How should emergency stops be wired?
What are good strategies for tuning PID loops?
How can I integrate a smart phone with my robotics project?
What algorithm should I implement to program a room cleaning robot?
What frequency does my quadcopter output-sense-calculate-output update loop need to stay stable?
Is it better to have batteries distributed at the rotors or the center of the multicopter?
Why are capacitors added to motors (in parallel); what is their purpose?
Can ROS run on a Raspberry Pi?
How to fuse linear and angular data from sensors
Visualizing and debugging an EKF
What&#39;s the most effective type of rechargeable battery when taking into account size / weight / Ah?
How mature is real-time programming in robotics?
Why are quadcopters more common in robotics than other configurations?
What good robotics software platforms / operating systems are available?
Absolute positioning without GPS
How does a six-axis force/torque sensor work?
How To Determine Heading Without Compass
What are good methods for tuning the process noise on Kalman filters?
Is it possible to both move and stabilize a two wheeled robot with no gyroscopes?
Quadcopter Localization Beacon
Which type of actuator will be suitable for a very strong robot arm
What is the best way to power a large number (27) servos at 5 V?
Particle filters: How to do resampling?
Why do Mars rovers designers prefer wheels over tracks?
How do space rovers survive at very low temperatures?
What is the right approach to write the spin controller for a soccer robot?
How can I modify a low cost hobby servo to run &#39;freely&#39;?
Nearest-neighbor data structure for non-Euclidean configuration space
What is a suitable model for two-wheeled robots?
What UAV kit(s) would be suitable for a beginner roboticist with programming experience?
How can the inverse kinematics problem be solved?
USB instead of RS232
EKF-SLAM Update step, Kalman Gain becomes singular
Computing the Jacobian matrix for Inverse Kinematics
Optimal Control for a simple pendulum
Will connecting two servo motors double the torque?
How can I use the Arduino PID library to drive a robot in a straight line?
What reward function results in optimal learning?
Why do quadcopters use brushless motors
How to choose a good IMU for a wheeled robot?
Creating a fast, uniform, linear actuator
Starting out advice on making robots and tinkering with microcontrollers
Should I switch my servo system from brushed to brushless motors?
I don&#39;t understand Integral part of PID controller
What was the earliest concept of a robot?
Wheels vs Continuous Tracks (Tank Treads)
Will turning an NXT motor by hand damage it?
Does RRT* guarantee asymptotic optimality for a minimum clearance cost metric?
What are methods for dealing with compass lag (rate dependent hysteresis)?
Web mapping that can be used for autonomous vehicles/robots
How Should I Choose an Educational Robotics Kits for Beginner Programmers?
Single camera vision and mapping system
What&#39;s the most accurate way to obtain a locational fix using GPS?
How can I detect if a DC motor on a robot is starting to fail?
Calculating the efficiency of Mecanum wheels
What determines the amount of noise an actuator produces?
Is it better to have weight distributed over the wheels or the center of the robot?
Mathematical prerequisites for beginning graduate student in robotics
How to determine quality of ICP matches?
What do the commutation waveforms look like for a brushless motor?
Correct way to use Subsumption Architecture with Robot C
Programming a line following robot with reinforcement learning
Inter-processor communication for robotic arm
In HRI, how is the &quot;uncanny valley&quot; experienced by people on the autism spectrum?
Differences between Ackermann steering and standard bi/tricycles concerning kinematics?
Do &quot;nano bots&quot; (that can fit inside the human body) actually exist?
Which is model is best for feedback control of robotic manipulators: MIMO or parallel SISO?
How is PIV control performed?
How do SLAM algorithms handle a changing environment?
What tyre tread would be best suited to an off road robot expected to deal with frequently muddy conditions?
How can I best protect sensitive components against damage through vibration?
How to model the noise in a range sensor&#39;s return?
How can I automatically adjust PID parameters on the fly?
How do I model a robot?
How can the dynamic effects of motor current on a digital compass be characterized and compensated for?
How to obtain dense point clouds from stereo cameras?
In PID control, what do the poles and zeros represent?
Is it possible to run a neural network on a microcontroller
Which programming language should I use with the NXT?
How to get two continuous tracks (tank treads) to move at the same rate?
Least squares map joining
How can I control a fast (200Hz) realtime system with a slow (30Hz) system?
Can I use digital animation software to define the movements of humanoid robots?
Do I really need a gyro for an airplane flight stabilization system?
How to select cameras for a stereo vision system?
What&#39;s an efficient way to visit every reachable space on a grid with unknown obstacles?
Do magnets affect IMU values?
What is a good approach to a Quadruped Gait?
When should FPGAs be used in Robotics?
Why are Mars rovers so slow?
Why do I need a Kalman filter?
Programming Robots with JavaScript
How to choose the right propeller/motor combination for a quadcopter?
What is the difference between Kinect for Windows and Kinect for XBox?
Preventing leaks in motor shafts for underwater bots
Why are Servo Motors so noisy?
What useful gaits exist for a six legged robot, and what are their pros and cons?
Quadcopter liPo battery weight/capacity trade off
What algorithm should I use for balancing a two wheeled robot using a gyroscope?
What is stall current and free current of motors?
How should emergency stops be wired?
What are good strategies for tuning PID loops?
How can I integrate a smart phone with my robotics project?
What algorithm should I implement to program a room cleaning robot?
What frequency does my quadcopter output-sense-calculate-output update loop need to stay stable?
Is it better to have batteries distributed at the rotors or the center of the multicopter?
Why are capacitors added to motors (in parallel); what is their purpose?
Can ROS run on a Raspberry Pi?
How to fuse linear and angular data from sensors
Visualizing and debugging an EKF
What&#39;s the most effective type of rechargeable battery when taking into account size / weight / Ah?
How mature is real-time programming in robotics?
Why are quadcopters more common in robotics than other configurations?
What good robotics software platforms / operating systems are available?
Absolute positioning without GPS
How does a six-axis force/torque sensor work?
How To Determine Heading Without Compass
What are good methods for tuning the process noise on Kalman filters?
Is it possible to both move and stabilize a two wheeled robot with no gyroscopes?
Quadcopter Localization Beacon
Which type of actuator will be suitable for a very strong robot arm
What is the best way to power a large number (27) servos at 5 V?
Particle filters: How to do resampling?
Why do Mars rovers designers prefer wheels over tracks?
How do space rovers survive at very low temperatures?
What is the right approach to write the spin controller for a soccer robot?
How can I modify a low cost hobby servo to run &#39;freely&#39;?
Nearest-neighbor data structure for non-Euclidean configuration space
What is a suitable model for two-wheeled robots?
What UAV kit(s) would be suitable for a beginner roboticist with programming experience?
How can the inverse kinematics problem be solved?
USB instead of RS232
EKF-SLAM Update step, Kalman Gain becomes singular
Computing the Jacobian matrix for Inverse Kinematics
Optimal Control for a simple pendulum
Will connecting two servo motors double the torque?
How can I use the Arduino PID library to drive a robot in a straight line?
What reward function results in optimal learning?
Why do quadcopters use brushless motors
How to choose a good IMU for a wheeled robot?
Creating a fast, uniform, linear actuator
Starting out advice on making robots and tinkering with microcontrollers
Should I switch my servo system from brushed to brushless motors?
I don&#39;t understand Integral part of PID controller
What was the earliest concept of a robot?
Wheels vs Continuous Tracks (Tank Treads)
Will turning an NXT motor by hand damage it?
Does RRT* guarantee asymptotic optimality for a minimum clearance cost metric?
What are methods for dealing with compass lag (rate dependent hysteresis)?
Web mapping that can be used for autonomous vehicles/robots
How Should I Choose an Educational Robotics Kits for Beginner Programmers?
Single camera vision and mapping system
What&#39;s the most accurate way to obtain a locational fix using GPS?
How can I detect if a DC motor on a robot is starting to fail?
Calculating the efficiency of Mecanum wheels
What determines the amount of noise an actuator produces?
Is it better to have weight distributed over the wheels or the center of the robot?
Mathematical prerequisites for beginning graduate student in robotics
How to determine quality of ICP matches?
What do the commutation waveforms look like for a brushless motor?
Correct way to use Subsumption Architecture with Robot C
Programming a line following robot with reinforcement learning
Inter-processor communication for robotic arm
In HRI, how is the &quot;uncanny valley&quot; experienced by people on the autism spectrum?
Differences between Ackermann steering and standard bi/tricycles concerning kinematics?
Do &quot;nano bots&quot; (that can fit inside the human body) actually exist?
Which is model is best for feedback control of robotic manipulators: MIMO or parallel SISO?
How is PIV control performed?
How do SLAM algorithms handle a changing environment?
What tyre tread would be best suited to an off road robot expected to deal with frequently muddy conditions?
How can I best protect sensitive components against damage through vibration?
How to model the noise in a range sensor&#39;s return?
How can I automatically adjust PID parameters on the fly?
How do I model a robot?
How can the dynamic effects of motor current on a digital compass be characterized and compensated for?
How to obtain dense point clouds from stereo cameras?
In PID control, what do the poles and zeros represent?
Is it possible to run a neural network on a microcontroller
Which programming language should I use with the NXT?
How to get two continuous tracks (tank treads) to move at the same rate?
Least squares map joining
How can I control a fast (200Hz) realtime system with a slow (30Hz) system?
Can I use digital animation software to define the movements of humanoid robots?
Do I really need a gyro for an airplane flight stabilization system?
How to select cameras for a stereo vision system?
What&#39;s an efficient way to visit every reachable space on a grid with unknown obstacles?
Do magnets affect IMU values?
What is a good approach to a Quadruped Gait?
When should FPGAs be used in Robotics?
How to stabilize a quadcopter
Robotics Location Following and Tracking?
My Raspberry Pi is losing power in a surge
covariance matrix in EKF?
Choosing the right dimensions for an underwater glider
Shape Memory Alloy wire for robot gripper arm actuation: How to vary grip pressure?
Properly flashing the firmware on a Lego Mindstorms NXT
How do I calculate the required loop frequency for a servo controller?
Which spline function would be best suited for the trajectory of a differential drive
With a 6-axis robot, given end-effector position and range of orientations, how to find optimal joint values
Selecting an accelerometer for Deduced Reckoning
Raspberry Pi operating system for robotics
Standalone (or capable of being) Robotics Simulator
Sonar for obstacle avoidance: how many sensors and where to place them?
Is there a tool for building and analysing robots (kinematics, control) visually?
Are power and torque required related in some way?
How do I convert link parameters and angles (in kinematics) into transformation matrices in programming logic?
Extended Kalman Filter using odometry motion model
Why do space probes need heating?
Building a balancing robot with differential drive
At which stage should filtering be applied to the sensors data?
Why are industrial machines called robots?
What would be the best way to handle food grains?
What kind of sensor do i need for knowing that something is placed at a position?
How does rocker bogie keep the body almost flat?
How to detect when a stepper motor has stalled?
What is the cheapest / easiest way of detecting a person?
How can I improve the map in my Mobile Autonomous Robot using KINECT
How to deal with sonar crosstalk
What is the difference between a Robot and a Machine?
How to open a sliding window?
How do robotics startups work?
Is there an analytical solution for inverse kinematics of a 6 DOF serial chain?
What are some good cheap, silent, motors for mannequin robots and what kind of controller should I use?
Virtual Testing Environment for Drones
Keyboard control map for scalar based movement?
Adding external heat sinking to a Dynamixel RX-24F servo?
Using an Arduino to control an ON / OFF connection between two pins
What connectors are most reliable?
What rail material is best used for linear bearings?
Detect Nao robot in Kinect
Fixed point arithmetic on microcontrollers
Floor Segmentation to Determine Navigable Paths
Red [ERROR] output in python in ROS
Questions about quadcopter and radio controller
Visual Odometry options?
How can I optimise control parameters for a stepper motor?
More powerful alternatives to Lego Mindstorm NXT 2.0?
When taking VCC power from an arduino to a 12v regulator, then to a 5v, do I need two sets of capacitors?
Protecting electronics against voltage/current extremes and bad polarity
MEMS accelerometer calibration
What are the notable limitations on using Java with Mindstorms NXT 2.0?
Cable routing in theta, x, y motion control system. Better inside or outside?
Can I use ROS with a Roomba?
Quadruped Learning Simulator
How can computer vision distinguish one object being contained by another vs being on top of it?
Guiding a Quadrotor Towards a Target
How can I upgrade an existing robot with a higher torque, sensored motor @ ~100 watts?
The relationship between point cloud maps and graph maps
How to find out how far a motor has taken a vehicle?
Calibrate a 2d scanner mounted on a rotary axis
How can I detect the edge of a table?
Chaining Kalman filters
Motors response different with high-frequency PWM
Controlling the Power of a Solenoid
How to make an &quot;invisible line following robot&quot;?
What are human-friendly terms for mobile-robot orientation and relative direction of non-robot objects?
Stabilizing a Robot Arm at a Specified Height
Drone targeting
Quadrotor control using ArduIMU
Connecting More Than Six Analog Input Pins to arduino
What are the mechanics of translational drift?
Permission to fly UAVs
How to convert vertical motion to horizontal
Why can Humans single out audio in a crowd? What would it take for a robot to do the same?
Making a tiny robot by using a remote brain
How can I build a 10cm-200cm IR range sensor?
Difference beetween Rao-Blackwellized particle filters and regular ones
How to measure displacement, cheaply and without using an accelerometer?
What is the best way to fuse measurements from IMU, LIDAR, and Encoder information in some recursive bayesian filter?
Why should I still use EKF instead of UKF?
Robot docking for self-recharging
Can a Jacobian be used to determine required joint angles for end effector velocity/position?
What algorithm can I use for constructing a map of an explored area using a number of ultrasound sensors?
HMMs vs. CRFs to model time-series force data of robots interacting with environment?
How much can working with CNC machines teach you about robotics?
Learning Algorithms for Walking Quadruped
What kind of performance can I expect when using an Extended Kalman Filter for calibration and localization?
How much torque do I need for a CNC machine?
How can one determine whether a LiPo battery is going bad?
Is there a working implementation of &quot;Navigation Among Movable Obstacles&quot; for a bi-pedal robot?
How computationally powerful is an Arduino Uno board?
Including a RaspberryPi within a robot... Does this allow for a &quot;universal API&quot;?
Programming an ESC to have reverse mode
How to charge a LiFePO4 battery?
Why does our LM2576 circuit suddenly cut down the power?
Noise in motion and measurement models
Comparing maps to groundtruth
How do you determine EKF process noise for pre-recorded data sets?
Getting started with robotic arm design
Building a controllable &quot;knob&quot;
What are the reasons for not having autonomous robots in our daily activities?
Do &quot;toy&quot; robots move technology forwards?
Arduino Motor control
Sensors for differential drive
Can you seed a Kalman filter with a particle filter?
Dropping PWM on Ardrone Parrot 2.0
Controlling more than 12 Servos with the Arduino Servo library
Simulated kinect rotation around X [gazebo bug?]
For servos, can it be implied that `Holding Torque = Operating Torque * 2` like with steppers?
Taylor Series expansion for EKF
Connecting multiple different voltage servos to the same controller
What is the actual physical actuated quantity when controlling the position of a servo?
Is it possible to interface android mobile as GSM and GPS module with arduino based robotic applications?
How do I measure the distance that a cord (string) has moved?
Has a robot ever taken a complete IQ test?
Shedding light on &quot;cyber-physical systems&quot;
Problem with vibrations in air bearing
Send Arduino sensor data to server with GPRS shield
What are the signs that a servo might be broken?
Can I use Ziegler-Nichols&#39;s rules to find PID parameters for a non linear system
Prop orientation for tricopters
laser scanner distance
Motor and Ethernet shields together
Quadcopter application underwater
Reducing motor speed without jamming up
How do I motorize the elbow socket and other joints in a powered exo-skeleton?
How can I manipulate real-time sonar data from my Arducopter in Arduino?
Calculate position of differential drive robot
Moldable rubber for &quot;feet&quot;
Smooth servo movement for a crawling robot
Do 6 motors require 6 individually-assigned batteries?
Approach to using PID to get a differential robot driving straight
What is the difference between RC motors for cars and helicopters?
Polling or Timer interrupt?
Place for GPS antenna on autonomous vehicle
What to do when the control input of the Kalman filter is unknown?
Roller Screw drive - axial movement instead of friction
Field oriented control of brushless motors
Public training data for vehicle detectors in computer vision?
SLAM without landmarks?
Are time-of-flight cameras like the swissranger affected by outdoor fog?
Resampling attitude states (quaternions, rotation matrix) in a Particle Filter
Unwanted Arduino reconnect: Servo + Arduino + Python (Raspberry Pi)
Quadcopter PID tuning
Monte-Carlo Localization
Electronic noses for detecting dog urine
Motion Model for Holonomic Robot
What do quadcopter propeller specifications mean?
Why does a ID controller not exist?
innovation step ekf localization?
Is there a rule of thumb for actuator torque overhead?
Denavit-Hartenberg parameters for SCARA manipulator
computer vision using the FREAK local features descriptor - why overlapping fields?
DC motor control - speed-torque curve
Deducing single wing plane transfer function Aka Transfer function estimation through set of points
Forward Kinematics/D-H parameters for perpendicular joint axes
Seeking dirt cheap, wheeled, programmable robot
Brush-less motor specs vs efficiency for multi-copters
I want to control a sewing machine motor; need help with choices
Ambiguous definition of Error-State (Indirect) Kalman Filter
Low power computer for stereo vision
How to manage interrupts on an AVR?
Robotics Trends
How to calculate serial speed and buffer requirements for PC to microcontroller communications?
Spatial tracking between two UAVs
Tendon longevity
restricting range of motion with complex constraints
Strategies for managing power on electrical systems for mobile robots
Matlab &#39;system&#39; function with ROS
Is it practical to 3D print a refractive lens?
Decision trees for solving 2D inverse kinematics?
Inverse kinematics with joint contraints
Vex motors and tank treads drained 9-volt battery more quickly than expected
Arduino Vin Current Limit
Confused about the variables in RobotC?
How to balance a flying quadcopter?
Can ultrasonic and button sensors be run in a VEX analog port?
Adding Rotary Encoders to an Electronic Wheel Chair
How to Identify Objects in Space
Building Robotic arm joint
Measuring speed of movement in Webots
Arduino Nano + Raspberry Pi = UAV Ground Station?
High voltage motor control with arduino
How does the Makeblock threaded slot work?
How can I send video from my Arduino camera module video to my Android screen?
How do I design for a target speed?
Adhesion for a heavy wall-climbing robot
Conventional Land Vehicle Dynamic Models for GPS/INS augmentation
How would I go about making an art drawing robot like this?
Assigning Frames and Deriving Link Parameters
Increasing the rotation range of a servo motor
Python libraries for image processing and feedback control on raspberry pi
Numpy alternatives for linear algebra and kinematics in python?
How to know when a Li-Po battery is discharged?
information filter instead of kalman filter approach
object level sensor fusion for multiobject tracking
Fastest maze algorithm for robot
Dynamic braille interface
Space elevator: What is still needed, apart from the cable and propulsion?
Limits of PWM, Timers and Interrupts?
Using an Xbox controller to fly a Quadrocopter
Upgrading the motors on a SeaPerch ROV - more torque, or more RPMs?
Instantaneous Center of Rotation for a differential Drive Robot
PID Conundrums for Legged Robots
Single power source for electronics and actuators
Track a moving object
H-bridges and stall current
How can I get data from my kinect?
WHY are there no operating torque specifications on steppers?
How to speed up robotic arm?
classify if two adjacent surfaces belong to same object
Wind force impact on torque mechanical arm
How to determine the parameter of a Complementary Filter?
Off-the-shelf micro fluid dispenser
Any globally unique signature in Ardupilot hardware, or Arduino in general?
How to model unpredictable noise in Kalman Filter?
Actuator design. plausible?
Localizing a swarm of robots
Gears modeling in Google SketchUp and SketchyPhisics
What frame of reference is used during Visual Servoing?
Stabilizing a quadcopter with optical flow
Why do 3-axis accelerometers seemingly have a left-handed coordinate system?
Blender a good robotic simulator for quadcopters / swarm simulations?
Strafing of Mecanum wheels
In EKF-SLAM, why do we even need odometry when there is a more reliable sensor?Also, are all SLAM algorithms feature-based?
Choosing path planning and obstacle avoidance algorithm for 2D space
Can you have a career in robotics if you hate mechanics?
Maintaining positive-definite property for covariance in an unscented Kalman filter update
Guidance for compensating internal forces on closed loop chain
Powering down servos completely in RobotC+Tetrix
Wifi to pass through aluminium
Using Armatures in Morse Robotic Simulator
Image retrieval through a multibeam imaging sonar
Line following robot with EV3 Colour Sensor
Extended Kalman Filter with Laser Scan + Known Map
I am an entrepreneur and I want to start building robots for businesses, where do I start?
Udoo board + Kinect sensor?
ComputerCraft (Minecraft mod) navigation: Collision avoidance and path planning/finding in 2D/3D space
Are Artificial Intelligence and Robotics Different?
Cons and pros of wireless technologies for rescue robot
Kinect for Xbox: SDK selection
Generic name for two-motor wheeled/tracked robots?
Is configuration space same as joint space?
Benefits of the Number of Propellers
Why is ROS not a real-time operating system?
Are propellers dangerous?
Do servo motor specifications take into account the gear ratio inside?
Differential drive trajectory following control
How to explain bandwidth of a measurement to a noob?
Multiple position estimates fusion
SCARA Arm Lead Screw Choices
What are the advantages of using the Denavit-Hartenberg representation?
Computing inverse kinematic with jacobian matrices for 6 dof manipulator
Quadcopter Throttle and PID mixing to Motor Speed
what is the minimum number of RC channels required to control Quad Copter?
Role of Neuromorphic Computing and Quantum Computing in the field of Robotics and AI
Our quadcopter goes forward instead of hovering in place. How to correct it?
Why linkage-based haptic devices are much more common than cable (tension)-based ones?
Can you identify the construction material/system used in the pic?
understanding the PID controller
Are there any problems with a variable frequency PID?
Controlling a system with delayed measurements
ROS: Best practices?
How to use quaternions to feed a PID quadcopter stabilization loop?
One of the best ways to numerically integrate the velocity?
PID Integration over not constant dt (∆time)
Cascading PID DC Motor Position &amp; Velocity Controllers
What is the technical name when robot wheels are aligned to perform spot turn?
Ackerman steering model
Euler Angles from 9DOF IMU
Whats the logic to implement a particle filter for a robot with range sensor?
Yaw angle calculation for drone PID from two distance sensors
Finding a light load high precision servo motor
Build a ROS robot with SLAM without laser
how to power extra usb devices for beaglebone black
Why can&#39;t i use different ESCs together on a multirotor?
Has hierarchical learning been embodied in a robot before?
How to choose the state space model for 1 axis gyroscope to implemnt a good kalman filter
following a trajectory with LQR controller
How do I set up a rubber hand experiment with precise latency?
How do you calculate the moment of inertia of a Quadcopter?
What is inverse depth (in odometry) and why would I use it?
Does an electronic compass work underwater
F/OSS Optical Object Avoidance
I&#39;d like to use gesture based input for my robot. What are the pros and cons between the Xtion Live and the Kinect?
Mechanical design for motorized spherical caster wheels
What is the difference between 4-point and 8-point connectivity in graph based planning?
Technology behind Kiva Systems mobile robots
Effectiveness of a Mobile Robot In Relation To Mass
Low-cost servo with digital control interfaces?
IPC-Bridge problem
Is subsumption architecture still an active area of research?
Are inverse kinematics and reinforcement learning competitive techniques?
Can I use IMUs to improve the position/posture measurement of fingers in a &quot;data glove&quot;?
Connecting a 6 pole motor to a motor driver?
Is an accelerometer sufficient to detect displacement, or do I need an INS?
Who coined (or popularized) the term &quot;SLAM&quot;?
Are there working instances of Kilobot projects?
Wifly Shield Not Connecting
C++ Robust Model Fitting Library
Would ROS benefit from a multicore processor like Epiphany or XMOS?
How can Microhard 920 series modems be made compatible with Microhard 910 series?
How do I simulate an assembly line?
Is it possible to achieve arbitrary precision in camera calibration?
What is the opposite of &#39;Antagonistic&#39;?
Which is easier/cheaper: Hbridge vs ESC for controlling a motor?
Local Localisation with particle filter
looking for a miniature joystick, but in reverse
Cant see Kinect Data in ROS
Source to learn Kalman Fusion, explanatory code snippets
Mindsensor Motor Multiplexer jump on run_unlimited
How to assemble brushless motors and propellers?
Robots minimum distance
What is the name of this mechanical linkage?
Can I use the RaspberryPi to receive the GameCube remote&#39;s RF signals?
Plastic shaft supports
Would the strength and speed of a robot skeleton be a danger to its wearer?
What is the difference between Task-Level and Joint-Level Control Systems?
How can I get Windows Kinect working on Angstrom on Beaglebone?
How to measure and dispense a finite amount of powder or liquid
How can I create a robot like the EZ-B using a regular Arduino?
Rotation ratio between left rocker and right rocker in rocker-bogie system
Association of multiple measurements to multiple objects
Prop Orientation on a Multirotor
Software for robot parts interaction modeling
Pushing Buttons Remotely over Ethernet
Building robots with high reliability, durability, and battery life
Controlling a Quadrotor from a PC
How to get data from ArduPilot through Serial Port
Maze Solving Algorithm For Mazes With Loops
Optimal-time trajectory in 2D and 3D with simple constraints
Building a non rotating persistence of vision device
How can I simulate a changing environment with non-rigid objects?
How to raise/drop a spider
Accelerometer calibration - how to get cross-axis sensitivities
Choosing motor and battery for a robot
Interference between 900 MHz video transmitter and 2.4 GHz control radio
measuring gears for servo motors
Do servos stop at their limits automatically?
Beaglebone Black power draw
Implementing Slip Compensation into a Half-Size Micromouse
What is an effective distribution of grayscale sensors on robot
How to correctly compute direct kinematics for a delta robot?
Design Calculations &amp; Mathematical Modeling of Tricopters
In SLAM, how does a laser range finder produce pseudo-segments from dynamic objects?
How to control a brushless motor?
Digital servo shaking
question about car-like robot localization based on dead-reckoning
Is finished plywood a comparable prototyping substitute for polyoxymethylene?
Use computer to throw a small switch
How can we manage stepper motor cables?
Performing the proper coordinate system transformation
DC motor direct loading
Is a thrift store a good place to get a servo motor?
What is telemetry used for?
Is there a way to determine which degrees of freedom are lost in a robot at a singularity position by looking at the jacobian?
How to calculate the right and left speed for a tank-like rover?
How will the currently evaluated computer technology influence robotics and embedded systems in the forseeable future?
Calculate covariance matrix from x,y,z data
Cheapest 3D printer for gears?
Particle filter implementation in ROS
Recommendations for system to repeatedly force contact between head and desk
How to use Arduino for ESC control?
Do I need an accurate flight model for a UAV?
sending and receiving parameters to ardupilot
Defining frames for 5DOF robotics arm
Algebraic and geometric in inverse kinematic
Visualizing kinect data on rviz
What are the different types of electric motors?
How to know the desired orientation of a quadcopter?
Kalman Filter and the state noise vector?
Where to start for the software side of Robotics?
LIDAR solutions
Robotic part to dispense candy
Transformation a robot in 2D?
Alternatives to Primesense depth cameras?
Can inverse dynamics control be regarded as a function?
How to rotate covariance?
24v dc to 12vdc converter
How much can realistically be drawn from a 25C max 50C battery?
What is meant by a speed profile?
Kalman Filter when states are not observable at the same time?
2D Map representation of GPS coordinates in degrees
Quadcopter forward speed
Using robotic simulator for prediction step in probabilistic localization approaches
NXT Segway problem. Need advice/help
differential drive PID controller
What kind of motor control can I implement if I cannot use an Encoder?
How to get prevent twisting of cables
Static equilibrium for 7 dof manipulator
Filling 30mL bottles with food-grade liquid
Grasshopper effect on a quadcopter with kk2.1.5
Controlling digital servos
how does poles and zeroes affect the step response of an transfer function?
How does a robot efficiently store a map it makes?
Can I reuse the hall sensors in a brushless motor as an encoder?
Why does microstepping give less torque?
world files for simulating roads and tracks
How frequently should a PID controller update?
How to make one robot follow the other in parallel formation
Different Particle Filter min and max particle numbers give almost the same result
How to request a specific Mavlink packet from Ardupilot?
Velocity Model Motion in Matlab (Probabilistic Robotics)
Controlling a system with PID that resists backdrive
Robot interaction language
Good method for Retuning a PID After Detecting Oscillation
What is the difference between screw and wrench in rigid body motion?
Kalman filter Issue - GPS Odometry Fusion
Cheapest centimeter accurate satellite positioning (GNSS/GPS)
Natural frequency computation (for PID gains computations)
PID in a system with pole at origin
Dynamic tracking precision of UR5/10
Quadcopter: Stabilization along the z-axis (for holding altitude)
Why models are not perfect to represent robotic environments?
How to get pure end-effector translation through Jacobian?
Ensemble Kalman Filter SLAM
Use linear quadratic regulator to minimize output error
What are some low cost alternatives for lidar?
Do simple, non-sonic, omni-directional rangefinding beacons exist?
Is increasing gyro , accelerometer sensor range is good or bad ? how does it affect the accuracy
Controlling multiple Arduinos wirelessly
What mechanical parts can be attached to DYJ48 stepper motor?
12V compressor and air pressure control
A general question about PID Controller
Controlling a 400W motor with 24V 16A batteries with an arduino board
Are there surface texture sensors for integration in circuits?
2D Robot Arm Inverse Kinematics with minimum joint loads
Implementing a torque-controlled method on a position-controlled robot
How can I power a wheel but let it spin freely when not under power?
How does Fliike Smiirl counter mechanism work
The aerial refueling problem: sketch of a feedback controller
Interfacing high-resolution image sensors with ARM Board
Pose estimation, how to populate set of known edges and points?
Understanding the Bode Plot
Dealing with position inaccuracy and latency in PID Loop
Difference between kinematic, dynamic and differential constraints
How to connect HC-sr04 ultrasonic sensor to APM 2.6?
BeagleBone - PRU questions
Stereo camera Vs Kinect
Are robotic pollenators being designed?
What is the difference between motion planning and trajectory generation?
How many methods can I use to acquire depth data?
Particle Filter Sampling Step
how to implement tracking problem with PID controller
Quadcopter Propeller size + Motor
How important are events like &quot;Robocup&quot; to the advancement of Robotics in general?
What BLDC servo drive takes sinusoidal hall sensor signals?
Connecting two microcontrollers using I2C
Suitable control algorithm for Air Muscle based joint?
Robot Serial Communication Error
Is there a place for posting &quot;look at what I did&quot; videos?
Choosing motors for 2 wheel drive robot
Using an IMU to build an INS
Kinect - Libfreenect vs OpenNI+SensorKinect
MMA7361 Accelerometer Always Displays Same Values
Check if task exists in Not eXactly C
PID line follow with three sensors in Not eXactly C
Good method for building a pan and tilt controller?
How many amps do I want my Switching BEC to provide?
Simple Neural Network with hardcoded positions for walk optimisation
How do I interpret this data, received by the I2C controller on an NXT 2 brick?
CNCing an injection mold
How to tell a stepper motor&#39;s position, or detect slippage
How do I select the best configuration for a known workspace, load and task?
One BEC for multiple ESC (Quadcopter)
Does anyone know what might be giving me this error coming from an i2c device
Charging multiple LiFePO4 batteries at the same time?
Perfecting Tripod Gait - Building a R-Hex Robot
Prototyping a device with 25-100 small DC 3.0V motors, is Arduino a good fit?
How to invert D-H parameters
Is there a way to use a single dc motor output for two different loads?
Is it possible to make Kite flying robot?
How to perform this reference system transformation?
Torque in kg/cm?
How to obtain stereo correspondences and what exactly is a disparity map?
Dynamic programming algorithm aka Bellman equation in Robotics?
Equation to limit rate of change of end-effector in X and Y coordinates
Can the rate of peristaltic pump&#39;s flow be accurate across changes in fluid viscosity?
Where does Gazebo set the GAZEBO_MODEL_PATH environment variable?
PID tuning to make my balancing robot better
Where can I get A3 poster size of Mars Exploration Rover Spirit/Opportunity?
Read Multiple Channels of RX-TX with arduino
How do I adjust objects on a conveyor belt into the proper orientation?
Is there a benefit to using 2 IMU units on a UAV set at different sensitivities?
Issues upgrading Arduino code for Kinect controlled arm from 2 servos to 4
Controlling Robots Through Serial
Non-Vision Based Target Tracking
How do I interpret these specs for a motor and motor driver?
Battery pack discharged
Multicopter odd or even
Arduino Controlled RC Car. What now?
Working of Autonomous Lawn mower(ALM) in an unbounded area without a perimeter wire
Building a Autonomous pesticide spraying system using swarm robotics based on odor (volatile Organic Compounds) detection
How to tell when an ArduPilot has finished initialising its gyros (without referencing telemetry)?
Wearable Accelerometor
Stream Real-time Video with Environmental Data Overlaid
Is a Raspberry Pi processor powerful enough for a mobile chatbot?
Most material efficient quadcopter frame
How are units of noise measurement related to units of a sensor&#39;s data measurement?
Help with adaptive fill algorithm for Water Color Painting Robot
lithium thionyl chloride batteries to generate 20A @ 14.4V
Light pattern is flashing intermittently using RVIZ/OpenNI with two Kinects
Line Follower optimization
If you can create pure yaw motion with a quadcoptor then why won&#39;t this work with a tricoptor?
What is the name for the transfer function, GH
Making a robotic arm that can draw a circle
How to implement the Wavefront algorithm
ArduIMU noisy output in Quadrotor
Controlling a conveyor belt with a time based motor
How to protect the milk in a homemade vending machine?
funny behaviour or what - dc motor control
Does a vehicle with defferential gear still move straight?
Can GPS modules work inside plastic enclosures?
Help with PID &quot;units&quot; in a quadcopter control system
Assigning Serial number and GUID to a microcontroller
Tracking with accelerometer and gyro versus multiple accelerometers
How do I Calibrate Analog Thumb stick?
Tiny high torque actuator/sensor design
Localising a robot swarm non-optically
Software for designing mechanical systems/robotic parts
quadcopter parameters calculations for simulink model
Effective motor type for robotic arm?
Transducer for underwater applications (passive sonar)
May I have some suggestion on inexpensive robotic arm?
Razor IMU Arduino interfacing
Does Monte Carlo Localization need a predefined map?
What is the most appropriate SLAM algorithm for quadrotors with RGB-D camera?
I want my stepper motor to switch speed while traveling (not acceleration wise)
Is it possible to use HC-SR04 ultrasonic range sensor to indicate thickness of a material
Will wiring a unipolar stepper to a bipolar stepper driver decrease the holding torque?
Autonomous car steering using IR sensors
Usage of Multibeam 2D Imaging Sonar for AUVs, testing them in the pool environment
Accelerometers error (BMA020 and BMA180)
Jacobian of the observation model?
Pre-built PID motor controller
Telemetry with Ardupilot 2.6
Is it possible to run multiple loops at the same time? (Arduino)
Rocker bogie suspension stability
Choosing correct power supply for Stepper Motors
Questions about Irobot Create
Odd L293D behavior: Pin 16 seems to act as enable
Bluetooth module HC-05 giving ERROR :(0)
Unable to read pushbutton press properly in Arduino
Fake localization using bag file in ROS
How to calculate probability of particle survival for particle filter?
360 degree ultrasonic beacon sensor
What happened to Butler&#39;s car?
POMDPs in robotics
Have bloodstream nanobots been approved in any countries?
Deburring Robot (Plastic Box)
Transform Image Using Roll-Pitch-Yaw Angles (image rectification)
Move ATRV robot to specific distance using ROS
How can I interface my CMOS camera module to an Arduino?
Continuous or Discrete
Quadcopter instability with simple takeoff in autonomous mode
Understanding Arduino bootloader
What autopilot to purchase APM 2.6 or PixHawk?
Robots without microcontrolers (beam robots). Are they technologically limited?
What is the purpose of electronic braking in motors?
Zero crossing events with brushless DC motors
Quadcopter Position Measurement (Accelerometer, GPS or Both)?
Once you understand motors, what&#39;s the next step?
2D path following robot, converting XY axis path to input on wheels
KK2.0 Quad Stablility
How much accuracy could I get position tracking with a 3-axis accelerometer and gyro sensor, and compass, and how would I do it?
Overcorrecting Kalman Filter
What can be the rating and specifications of dc motor used for making a quadcopter?
How do ultrasonic range finders detect objects at an angle?
What motor to use for reciprocating (reversive) movement
Actuator to control steam valve
Water depth arduino sonar sensor
Android phone + ADK + Arducopter APM 2.5 for autonomous quadcopter
Quadrocopter first build: how to tell if components play well together?
Connecting a Raspberry Pi to a roomba via an FTDI cable
Can motion model noise be zero?
VeX - Keeping arm at an angle
What do we call a coupling with infinite range of rotation
arduino serial mixing incoming commands
Sensor for tracking relative position of human
Fit robot simulator to robot
Atlas Robot Reference
Software libraries for parsing sensor data
Need Troubleshooting help regarding Arduino Uno &amp; HC-06 Bluetooth connection problem
Building A Servo Tester To Measure Peak/Stalled Amp Draw
Can a rigid-prop quadcopter hover upside-down?
Removing quadcopter drift to the side
How Can I Measure the Torque Value of a Servo?
Need help calculating the thrust on quadcopter motors
An architecture for testing autonomous flight and sensors
How does one calculate the angular motion of each node in a robotic arm
Precision we can expect of an ultrasound-based localisation system
What is the Name of the part I&#39;m describing
Point tracking from a mobile robot
How to know what motor/ESC/propeller combination will work for a quadcopter?
Position and Object Data Tracking
Crimp or Solder to LiPo Battery?
PID output does not reach setpoint precisely enough
Radio-control over dozens of kilometers and mountains
robot control law - control theory vs optimal control
How much should I expect a Kalman filter to converge?
Differential Drive Robot on uneven surfaces
What approaches should I consider to create rotating a turret
Accelerometer, gyro, and magnetometer sensor fusion in 2d
How long can a VEX pneumatic arm be?
Simplest way to do object tracking with a 2D range finder sensor?
How to calibrate differential drive?
Connect sensors to beaglebone/arduino in a complex robot
How to read data from i2c using i2cget?
Solutions for Finding Position and Heading in a Multi-Level House
How PID affect the Root locus of a close loop transfer function
What does this &quot;inverse&quot; peak mean? (step function)
How do I learn about Arduino/raspberry-pi based robotics on my own?
Quadcopter PID output
Definition of (or determine whether something is) a robust controller?
Acrylic/plastic cutting services
Performance/memory considerations for pathfinding lookup tables on RobotC for a small set of paths
Voice control solution for Linux robot?
Does it matter if my electronic speed controllers are close to my brushless motors?
Quadcopter degrees of freedom
Mahalanobis distance between 2 line features
Typical method for integrating a neural net into a PLC
How to overwrite default git source in autoproj?
EKF localization known correspondences
Observation Model Jacobian for Fixed Transforms
Denavit-Hartenberg convention
Inverse Kinematics of Parallel Manipulator (Delta Robot)
Maximum likelihood estimator (ML Data Association) EKF
Is this gear design feasible?
Repairing non-lubricated linear actuator
Predicting the impact point of a moving object
Up to what force is a servo motor a reasonable choice as an actuator?
IMU based acceleration parameters for differential drive robot
Stereo camera baseline not needed for calibration?
Tilt-compensated compass - at my wits&#39; end
EKF Localization when robot is in parallel with a landmark.
Which micro-controler/processor to be used for autonomous stereo vision robot system?
How to machine aluminium on a low budget?
Mechanical or electrical engineering for robotic and automation?
rock/syskit: How to add multiple instances of same component into a network
Torque control and monitoring of servo
EKF SLAM and Mahalanobis distance?
Single-shaft vs Double-shaft motors
ROS NavStack with Skid Steering robots
Machine Vision vs Computer Vision?
What laser power for cutting and engraving wood and Acrylic robot baseplates?
Comprehensive comparison of SLAM algorithms
Is there any advantage to velocity motion models over odometry motion models for SLAM?
Pulse Position Modulation as used in RC controls
how to make Mac detect AVR board using USBasp and burn program to it?
Relative Navigation Systems
What&#39;s the most adapted programming language for Robotic and principally AI?
Can we use this line sensor as a proximity sensor?
Using kinect for medical application but without computer. Is it possible?
Reverse lift mechanism
Non-linear complementary filter on so3: Corrected equations?
Laser Beam based model probability in case of single particle
Quadrature Encoder Counts
Linear slider motor mount location - Pros/cons
For robot wheel control : Brushless DC motor or Servo Motor?
the uncertainty of initializing new landmark in EKF-SLAM
Quadcopter Roll, Pitch Fluctuation
Controlling Dynamixel servo wirelessly using Arduino Mega
SLAM without landmarks using sonar
Over-voltage on a brushed electronic speed controller
How to periodically estimate states of a LTI if the output is measured irregularly?
What should I be looking for in a DC motor that will be used in a UROV thruster?
Is there an advantage to multiple magnetometers for heading computation
Self Powered Quadcoptor
Diode or capacitor across terminals of brushed motor
Rotate (and stop) a large disk in very tiny increments
Detect road surface in a traffic scene point cloud
Numerical-Example for Paden-Kahan subproblems?
Parameter $r$ of Denavit-Hartenberg
Proportional controller error doesn&#39;t approach zero
Choosing DC motor: max needed torque vs nominal torque
Stated power for a motor does not equal nominal voltage x current?
Understanding a sliding mode controller for quadrotors
Continous rotation with cables
What happens when a brush-less motor stalls?
Choosing suitable simulator for a swarm of AUVs
Programming a G-code Interpreter
Developing a Quadrotor using ROS
Power switch standards and suitability for purpose
Can I use QT to communicate with a Lego NXT robot?
Joint angle correction using LM
Submarine screw and the isolation from the water
Measuring the performance and response rate of ESCs
What kind of lidar is necessary for SLAM?
Stereo vision on a moving vehicle
DualCopter Degree Of Freedom
Linear State space model for mobile robot
Calculating the force of this system
Why does the Pixhawk have 2 IMUs
What motors should I use that do not require gearboxes? This is a car like robot
Plastic that&#39;s transparent to IR range sensors
ubuntu arm lacking /sys/devices/cape-bone-iio
optimal number of robots for cooperative surveillance
redundant arm path planning and trajectory following
How to find a solution for quadcopter PID control
Simple yet effective angular position sensor to be used in robotic hand
To control an omni wheel robot wirelessly using bluetooth and arduino
Sun tracking with +/- 0.1degree accuracy?
How would i go about learning to code a flight controller?
The algorithm for the following analog controller =&gt; digital controller?
How high of a gear ratio can a motor have?
How to attach a motor to a blade?
Why Make Bipedal Robots?
Battery system for a robot with a RaspberryPi or microcontroller
Accounting for error in multiple electric motors
How to combine an accelerometer and a gyroscope to find robot location and orientation in 2D/3D space
State space and control space
Comparing LQR and PID controllers for inverted pendulum problem
Tracking Landspeed Underwater
Choosing a WiFi antenna for outdoor robot
How do you design Quadcopter PID algorithm?
role of chi2 in SLAM back-end optimization
Is there a name for the steering style/wheel actuation used on Curiosity?
DH Matrix to homogeneous transformation matrix for each joint
What type of servos are used in industrial robot arms like Universal Robot UR5?
Motor for a hydraulic pump in a hydraulic system
Create Artificial Integelent Robot Ability to communicate with Computer : Which language i should use
How do quadcopters turn left and right?
&quot;Time-varying&quot; and &quot;nonautonomous&quot; dynamical systems and their Lyapunov analysis
PID control of tank-like robot and IMU
GraphSLAM: why are constraints imposed twice in the information matrix?
How to track robot position
The uncertainty is big while the sensor is rather accurate at measuring a landmark in EKF-SLAM
iRobot Create 2 and Open Interface 2 Spec not syncing up with incoming data
Drones and camera streaming
Magnetometer to measure high angular velocity in small object
Basic general question about controllers
Graph optimization with G2O
Monocular vs. stereo computer vision robustness for object detection
How is it possible to maintain the total thrust when controlling yaw of a quadcopter?
How to calculate Euler Angles from gyroscope output?
What main factors/features explain the high price of most industrial computer vision hardware?
Processor and command interface preference for a robot arm
Collaborative Behavior: Implementing a Bucket Brigade With Robot Arms
Compatable ESC&#39;s with brushless 3 phase motors
Formatting an SD card for Panda Board ES
Good book on mechanisms
Robotics with Kinect
Plans to use Vendor ID to identify EtherCAT devices?
Accurate 3D Printing W/Sketchup
Force measurement on grab bars
Using a Sick laser with Matlab in Windows
Would is be possible to connect a HiTechnic prototype board to an Arduino?
GPS tracking device
Storing Kinect Data on a USB Drive
TI ARM with stacked RAM
Firmata over nRF24
problem in serial communication between PC and ATMEGA 8535(AVR)
Overview - what skills are needed for sensor fusion?
Self learning maze solving robot using 8bit microcontroller?
Why is this electro motor going slower?
How do I interface a TLC5947 with small motors?
Minimum speed controller refresh rate
How can I calculate processing speed of microcontroller
What is the easiest way to install ROS on OSX Mountain Lion?
How to connect an infrared remote control to PC or Arduino or Raspberry Pi?
How can a load be balanced between multiple AC electric drive motors?
How can I convert RGB colors to CMYK for my airbrush robot?
Why are the IRB 1410&#39;s servos running even when the joints are not moving?
Additional Power to DC Motor via Second Power Source
Aluminum vs Carbon Fiber
programming pan-tilt unit with C
Why does my LSM303 magnetometer reading not change in a while loop?
Pan and tilt bracket for a stepper motor
How would I go about interfacing the raspberry pi and arduino?
Does more &quot;Power&quot; (W) means better motor?
On the ardupilot board, what is the difference between A10 / A11 ground pins and the PWM ground pins?
Python3 Modules for motor movement
How do visual obstructions impact the ability to localize using LIDAR?
PX4 Communication
Use of automated tricopters instead of quadcopters?
Roslaunch include file remotely
Accelerometer bias removal
How to design a differential steering mechanism?
How to make a motion sensor circuit, that can communicate with my LAN?
Motor driver selection
How to control velocity ratio when turning angle is θ?
What is rotor torque?
Management of asynchronous commands
AT command in SIM900A GSM/GPRS module to find out originating address of an SMS
Laser / photosensor pair or similar
running UWSim commands in ROS
How do I send text to a Torobot USB device?
Motor Controller with micro USB interface
Depth map with Raspberry Pi
Controlling bot using video and image processing
Arduino for simple Data-Glove. Should I go with Mega or Due?
Mechanism for changing gears on a bicycle
Making a brushless servo using Hall sensors
Arduino isp bootloader burning
How are the optical encoders used in platforms like Rover 5?
Any ideas for a robot?
Arc welder for 3d printing
How to retrieve parameters from mavlink .tlog using pymavlink?
1 cm accuracy radio rangefinder?
EKF partial state update question
Arduino Uno R3 or Roboduino ATMega168 or Arduino Mega 2560 R3 which board is better for small robots
Roboticize an old netbook?
ROS AMCL does not need odometry data?
Making high CAN baud rates work
quadrotor experimental identification
Soft LED Protection Material
Arduino Uno getting a type of &quot;HANGED&quot; while runing samll code of switc debounce and Serial print
Compiling Code for EY-80
Are there any GPS sensors that provide data at 1Hz or faster?
RC Transmitter Quadcopter with Arduino
Another SDK like OpenNI
APM Accelerometer Calibration
What micro controller should I use?
How to calibrate an industrial Robot?
computer aided RC airplane combat
SPP Bluetooth profile compatibility with phone
Lawn mower robot (type of cutter)
What should I use for speech recognition?
Re-Calibration of an articulated industrial robot
Low speed control of bldc motors
what method should I use for putting rubber bands on wheels?
Quadcopter configuration
Zero crossing events in trapezoidal commutation
Finding inverse kinematics algorithm for a specific manipulator
Flipping an old manual switch (physical one)
How to gyroscopically measure number of rotations on one axis when there is concurrent random motion on another axis
Workable low-resolution object/target recognition pattern and library?
Dynamics of parallel manipulator
Power Model for humanoids
System for determining occupied seats in an auditorium
problem with simulated sensor in Matlab?
learning (embedded) electronics
The costs of using existing 6 axis kuka/abb robots and existing vision systems in picking and placing tasks
Building a mobile camera platform
Using vision for Monte-Carlo localization
Maximum angle between the camera pose to correctly estimate homography
How can I start programming proto X quad
How to: Attach wheel encoder to motor?
Low Amp FPV Quadcopter Motors
Quadcopter Props? Wood vs Plastic vs Carbon Fiber
Just run program on NXT, not download?
How to programatically calibrate Turningy esc?
What is minimum torque required for CNC stepper motors and spindle for aluminium milling?
Is it possible to make DIY clone of MakerBeam
JSP container for embedded systems
How to link ends of timing belt into loop
RC Helicopter Connect with computer
GPS Amplifier - Is this reliable?
looking for a circular track and bearing with a spindle
writing a simple program for processing RGBD video with OpenNI
VAL language and velocity control of industrial robot
How are color sensors used for line following?
SLAM for Autonomous car
Forward Kinematics Two fixed standard wheels
Jacobian method for inverse kinematics
robotics as a beginner
Looking for a way to scan cylindrical objects
Find the difference between two consecutive sensor readings in real-time in C
Neuromorphic Engineering and Robotics
Best Way to Sense Rubiks Cube Movements
Capacitive touch input robot to remote access iPad
Connecting Wifi bee with Xbee USB adapter
Reading data from D+ and D- pins of a USB
Denavit–Hartenberg parameters of a robot with spherical wrist
Control Arduino firmata with HC-05
function of PIDControl #pragma config() directive in robotC
What is a suitable model for four-wheeled differential drive rigid-body robots?
Raspberry Pi for two wheel robot?
A few questions about my first quadcopter build
Could piezoelectric sensors be crushed?
Compliance control for a single link robot in matlab
MCBL Controller through RS232
Passive ego-motion estimation vs active
Autonmous surveillance vehicle
How to decide about the length of a robotic arm, the base of it and the torque?
Altitude hold for quadcopter with Accelerometer and Barometer
Using 3DR Radio to communicate ArduPilot Data
Set CANopen Node ID of Ingenia Pluto DC Servo Drive
Random number generation for Particle Filter
Battery system with and without mains voltage attached
Power issues involving Raspberry Pi
How to connect Arduino Uno3, L293D motor driver and 3 colour sensors together?
How to implement a distance proximity sensor with wider range
H bridge for rover
What&#39;s a good pose estimation method for high precision (&lt;5mm per-axis) solutions at short range (&lt;50cm)?
What&#39;s the difference between CAN&#39;s Motor Max Velocity vs. Profile Max Velocity?
How to use scan command in Arduino WifiBee
What different sensing approaches are used in the current batch of indoor 3D cameras?
Robot start-up movement problems
Maximum Distance using Ultrasonic sensor Arduino
How to turn a rover 90 degrees using wheel encoders?
Wire gauge for hobby robot question
Why does iRobot not sell the Create in Europe?
Robot kit suggestions
Click button short vs long button presses Arduino
Servos power supply in Quadruped Robot
Dead reckoning on a car-like robot with a gyro and only one encoder
CTL port in a motor controller
Differential Drive Robot Control
Find the right actuator to control the flow of flour
SLAM without data association?
What to use as electrovalve?
How do I add an external library to the Rock Framework?
Outputting a precise voltage in millivolts on Arduino Mega
Salvaging a bunch of laptop battery packs
Simon K firmware when the IMU outputs at 50HZ
Effect of adding a Pole and Zero to PID
EKF-Localization algorithm for 2D clarification?
Suggestions for stepper motor controllers
How do i use the Nicolas ziegel approach if my system never becomes unstable?
Is it important to have good PI settings when we running in self-level with kk2?
Does RoboRIO support Java 8?
Best strategy for area scanning using little sensing bots
LQR design with low effort
PID tuning method based on Pole placement
Actuation of three reciprocating blades via conversion of rotary to linear
McKibben artificial muscles and the 400:1 ratio
proper tuning method of an cascade controller?
How can I dynamically control the amount of torque necessary to rotate something for a test rig?
Transfer function of DC motor being unstable due to a controller?
Selecting Precise High Torque Motor and Motor Controller for use with Arduino Mega 2560 R3
Securing a disc/wheel to a shaft
Industrial Robotic Arm
Tried Normal Distributions Transform with my own files (in correct PCD format) and it throws errors, why?
Directional hearing for Linux robot?
Alternative way to perform Pole zero cancellation?
jacobian of Abb irb140 robot
&quot;Smooth&quot; inverse kinematics model for 2-wheeled differential drive robot
How to define conditions for state-machines in roby?
Gears in Autodesk Inventor are looking weird
Why cannot we find EtherCAT shields?
How to connect a servo motor and a crank shaft
What are some generally accepted lift capacity guidelines for multirotors?
Data association with ekf?
6 DOF Robotic Arm
Will a 20amp ESC run a Turnigy 2213-980?
Where can I buy heavy-duty Omni Wheels?
PWM PID control for small 2 watts brushed DC motor
What is the actual application for manufactuing, with robot arm autonomous object classification system
EKF localization is approaching singularity. Are my sensors too noisy?
Installing OpenNI on Pcduino
libfreenect simplecv integration?
How to brake a brushed dc motor, belt-driven linear actuator to within 0.5mm of an end stop
Rock envire - vizkit3d : Change environment visualization (envire lib) from ruby script
iRobot Create without ROS?
Autodesk Inventor 2013: Rounding only at specific edge
Path comparison
Manipulator link applied torque
Current-limiting stepper motors for RepRap
Electronic Speed Control Concepts
Can active sensor data be fed into an Autodesk Inventor Simulation?
Finding a Hydraulic Actuator to be controlled through a MCU
Designing compatible spur gears for a robot gearbox
I need a software that will help me track passage and identify fish in clear water
Software to simulate mechanics of production line
Determing limits of rotation in a robot workspace
Are stereo camera calibration data standardized?
Solenoid to launch a ping pong ball
What type of mechanism is this?
sparse matrix in EKF SLAM
Calculate object distance with camera
Stepper does not turn
What is the difference between the two different types of Mecanum wheels?
Compact design - building from off-the-shelf components
Exoskeleton Drive System Help
Best technique to built an ejectable drawer?
BeagleBone uart/spi/i2c latency
DIY Laser cutter for small Acrylic robot baseplate
Artificial Potential Field navigation
Mechanism to oscillate a needle like object in vertical motion
Is a Genetic alogorithm suitable for mobile robot path planning?
Counts of Quadrature Encoder
Expression used with Rotary Encoders
What would be a good heuristic to solving this?
Raspberry Pi finer servo control
Finding changes in environment using 2d laser
Assumptions about the nature of landmarks in SLAM algorithms
Choosing motor for a tricopter
Need to clear some concepts: AHRS - Attitude - Yaw,Pitch and Roll - MARG sensors -INS
image size vs image resolution
Quadcopter one beep and blink problem
How to calibrate an IMU unit?
Robot Loud Alarm
Quadcopter cannot balance!
which type of camera should be used for detecting road lanes for good processing in matlab
Pledge algorithm for maze solving robots
Correcting GPS track with visual odometry (sensor fusion)
PID Tuning Quadcopter Problem
Purpose of programming an ESC
Velocity derivatives using Quaternions
How to control an Arduino Board with wireless PS3 controler?
PD Algorithm for a Quadrotor [Simulation]
Can&#39;t Read current on Pololu Dual MC33926 Motor Driver Shield for Arduino
kinect - development kit to aid obstacle-avoiding robot?
Two State Linear Actuator
Where do roboticists look for used sensors/hardware?
Shortest path using wave planner?
MPU9150 - Yaw angle Drift
Acceleration formula for a differential steering robot
is it possible to track movement on a tennis court?
Advice on mounting a servo for a nerf sentry gun
Spinning disk Weapon
Motor for weapon for Hobbyweight
How to convert PID outputs to appropriate motor speeds for a quad copter
Hokuyo URG-04LX-UG01 and Mac compatibility issues
Recursive Tree Representation for Multi Agent Robots?
Can I make an automatically-parking robot car with IR sensor?
How do I get this transformation matrix?
Survey for Local Navigation
PID Control Tuning
How to find the height of a rock with a rover?
Learning Materials for Beginners in Robotics and Quadrocopters
tracking robot in a room
Image processing in bright lights
Power switch and common ground on a battle robot
Scan Matching finds right rotation but false translation
Probabilistic Velocity Obstacles
Changing tank drive (differential) mode to single joystick drive mode
Is the input of ESC really limited at 50 Hz and will the PID controllers work properly?
Using i2c&#39;s SCL and GPIO pins as SDA
NAO motor model identification
Is the nominal voltage of a motor the voltage to apply to the motor?
Selecting a gear reduction: torque vs speed
How does the &quot;rated torque&quot; for a gear relate to the maximum torque?
How to control PID Yaw
A robotics computer with graphics card, lots of computation power, battery, no screen, no keyboard?
Is a simple range sensor described below sufficient to implement particle filter localization?
Real time operating system for robotics vision
What middle-ware do you recommend for a swarm of AUVs?
Inverse Kinematics Constant End Effector Angle
How to tune the PID parameters using Fuzzy Logic?
Robot to manipulate poultry
Chassis materials for Hobby-weight (5.44Kg) battle robot
What servos does this robot use?
Does anyone have a working example of using Qt to communicate with NXT?
Comparison of the efficiency of DC motor current limiting / control methods?
How to program an Inovatic USB interface?
Connecting multiple servos to a robotic arm
Keeping two wheeled wall following robot straight
Can triangulation by measuring angles to 3 beacons to find location work over a large outdoor area
Open source implementations of EKF for 6D pose esimation
Good 3D simulator for outdoor autonomous navigation
control circuit of a humanoid robot (something like iCub or Asimo)
Connect to video stream with Java app instead of console and mplayer
Best localization method?
Bluetooth integration with MSP430
Wiring 5V sensors to Beaglebone Black
Find Centre Of Circle, when robot can &quot;see&quot; a partial arc
Simulator for an adaptive, under-actuated robotic gripper
Communicating with syringe pump using PySerial
Unable to hover my quadcopter
Robot safety standards for software
arduino -lcd screen has weird noise with multiple pictures
robotic cell simulation software plc
3D Magnetometer calibration algorithm
Finding the position of a servo
What is the maximum payload weight for create 2/can I use old create accessories with the Create 2?
What is recommended prerequisite knowledge to get kid started with Create 2?
Connecting an Arduino uno with a beaglebone black over USB
what is the easiest method to plot a temperature in my pc?
making a robot that knows your location
Can mapping be done in real life applications without also solving the localization problem at the same time (i.e. SLAM)?
Simple vector problem, Weight vector components &amp; sine and cosine of rotation?
Clicking NXT Brick
Non-markovian problems/approaches in robotics
Nano sized electric motors
theory on rigid body motion in robotics book
iRobot Create 2 discrepancy betweenOpen Interface Specifications and Create 2 Serial to 3.3V Logic
Feedback controller: Is there any influence between outer and inner loop when running at different frequencies?
Where is the function _MAV_RETURN_ defined?
Which encoder should I use with a 24V Dc motor and 6mm shaft?
Public dataset for monocular visual odometry
How do self driving cars really work?
Code control your arduino with keyboard
3D Camera for beginner
What type of Antennas to use for XBeePRo 2.4Ghz
Communicating between a beaglebone black and an arduino using ttyO4
Powering a multirotor with dedicated batteries for each motor
Passing power through a motor
What Does the Sensitivity Function Mean?
How do I achieve this? Grid of dowels powered by piston-like movement
How can I improve the range of an XBee S6B?
Basic programming in arducopter
ros send message on startup doesn&#39;t seem to work
PCB making at home
How do I control a servo using a beaglebone black running ubuntu
Particle filter weight function
Sensor that will produce a sinusoid phase locked to a high RPM Shaft
Grid mapping probability calculation algorithmic complexity
How does a two-gear pull-back car toy work?
How to provide power to a robot/raspberry pi?
Ways of reversing motor direction easily
Fuses for mechanical systems
beaglebone black doesn&#39;t autoboot when powered over jack or vdd pins
Single Touch Based Sensor and Odometry SLAM in Noisy Rectilinear Enviroment
Creating an xbox remote that replaces spectrum dx3c or dx3e without wifi
2 Wheeled , 2 motor robot control
Multiple PIDs in quadcopter
Computer vision with single camera vs. distance sensors for obstacle detection
PID controller for trajectory with mutliple setpoints
Building an open loop controller for a simple DC motor position problem
3-axis Magnetometer Question
Using hobby servo as axle
What is the scope of Electronics Engineering in Robotics/Automation?
What&#39;s the smallest rotation a brush-less motor can perform?
Communicating between a BeagleBone Black and a servo controller
Robot Navigation Feedback using Image Processing
Fusion of GNSS position data and prefused 9-dof AHRS data
How to distribute tension load on a three footed claw?
Robotics jargon question: How to conjugate &#39;teach&#39;?
Denavit-Hartenberg convention or the product of exponentials formulation, when dealing with the manipulator kinematics?
Guidance &amp; Info about Quadcopter Project
Need of Kalman filters in unimodal measurement model
How to get the 4*4 matrix from the twist using product of exponentials, in robot kinematics?
choose ZigBee modules for full wireless mesh
Multiple limbs on small robots
Jacobian-based trajectory following
Can a quadcopter hover while tilted?
Automatic agricultural robot using 8051
Microcontroller for running Linux RTAI
Heavy omnidirectional platform suspension
Do you have to have a rate controller for a Quadcopter?
Angles in a Rocker bogie system
Detect human in proximity?
Converting a linear acceleration command into a DC motor command?
Minimising lateral drift in a PID (Arduino) controlled quadcopter using a 6DOF IMU
In the PID equation K[((s+a)^2)/s] what values correspond to the PID coefficients Kp, Ki, Kd?
Why I&#39;m getting very long terms in the inertia matrix (or dynamics model) of the robot using matlab script?
Sending commands to Roomba from PC
What equipment has been used to design this robot
How to know what type of stepper motors to use when designing a robot
Does anyone have any walking patterns for a Biped Scout? (LYNXmotion)
How can I know which system is easier to control using PID controller?
Unilateral Torque Constraint on the foot-ground interface
How can I filter Gyroscopic data?
Determine current roomba state / operating mode
Is motor current proportional to thrust?
Robotics SLAM datasets - scaling factor
where can I get openinterface.py?
Controlling an ESC for Brushless Motors with an RPi
Implementation of wall and obstacle avoidance
aerodynamics of quadcopter
What wireless technology to use to control robots in classroom?
Calculating acceleration and velocity
Verifying motor selection calculations
RGB-D SLAM - Compute Information Matrix
Jacobian transpose: how to calculate orientation error
EKF-SLAM, how best to manage the &#39;P&#39; covariance matrix, programatically
EKF-SLAM Computing the jacobians for landmark updates
How do I work out the kinematic solution of a robot arm?
Glasses with eye sensors
joint positions of a robot
Square with hinge on all four sides
Using a Bitmap maze image to navigate the maze
Micro Quadcopter PID problem
Quadcopter frame design
Euler’s Method Or ode45 for solving ODE for control systems
Simple way of 3d perception
Good Microcontrollers/SOCs for a Robotics Project
Ideas for shooting the ball in a soccer robot
Is there a list of maneuvers related to control of a tracked platform?
Inverse Kinematics in Java
Where can I find a tutorial or sample code for the Juniper WiFi Arduino Shield?
Rainbowduino 3.0 - Arduino IDE fails to upload
What microcontroller should be used for QuadCopter flight control and ESC?
Why must I loop 127 times for a &quot;7-bit&quot; address in this example?
Using laser in Mobile Sim with Matlab Aria interface
Remote car controlling
How do we make our robot work?
Servo motor considerations for a quadruped
Resetting position of e-puck in Webots using Supervisor node - problem with getting a handle to the robot
What is the wire used for hand movement of robot called ? where can I find it online ?
Problem uploading to Roboduino AtMega328
Open source &quot;sci-fi&quot;-like robot projects IRL
creating a robot from ez-b or regular arduino
qt ros tutorial issue
trapezoidal vs sinusoidal commutation
Learning about embedded systems
Is this a good quadcopter build?
Pros/Cons of common robotics &quot;kits&quot; at the high school level
How to build a liquid filling machine using piston?
How to implement Bounded Angle Vision in Particle Filter?
How do you dim 12 volt LEDs?
Arduino C/C++ progamming tutorials
existence probability of an object in fusion
MPU-6050 + Arduino nano - Logic converter or not?
Build an WiFi IP camera with webcam
H-Bridge using atmega8 microcontroller
What modelling tools are available to design a robot
How to control the position of a pneumatic piston?
Choosing a platform to start
How Yaw, Pitch and Roll effect the flight of Quadcopter?
Need suggestions for object recognition
Should you learn assembly language for robotics?
Installing MORSE simulator on Ubuntu 12.04
Encoder based speed control for Rover 5
Omron G5V-2 relay NO pins not working
Which Kinect to a movement base?
where can i learn electronics from intro to advance digital
What dependencies do I need for USB programing in python with pyUSB?
Turning a differential drive robot to a specific angle
Access denied during PIC Programming in Windows XP
How to choose WiFi signal strength detecting sensors
Emulation of an Orrery
Tracking 2D positioning with IMU Sensor
Kinematics of a 4 wheeled differential drive robots
Is it possible to achieve fully autonomous route following using PX4FMU module?
Simple web interface with beaglebone black
Line follower robot program
Explanation of the Kalman Filter
Compensating for Yaw in Lateral Quadcopter Movement
Connections on a Baby Orangutang B-328 board
Why is analysis required to study robotics?
How are Interference Avoidance and Collision Avoidance different?
Ros ~ Android sensor driver
Is there a cheaper alternative to SDP-PI for gears and shafts?
Slam and Vision (good resources)?
How to calculate the power required to drive a fan
Help sending serial command to Roomba
Any image transfer protocol for wireless serial transfer?
How to use TOA (Time Of Arrival) to measure 3-axis location of a wireless device?
PID control against sine wave error
Sourcing Motors for larger robots
Where to ask NXP LPC1343 / ARM Cortex M3 related questions
Arduino Operational Frequency
Project Idea for a AI related project
Quadrocopter build - Do these parts look fine?
What is the response time of an Arduino Nano?
dc motor with encoder
Kinect point cloud + Pcduino. Will it work?
Wine yard robotics?
What are the options for a thin light source (e.g. LED)?
How do I get started in Computer Vision?
Is it possible to record only incoming data with realterm?
Datasheet for Taos TCS3200 GY-31
using AR markers with openni, not ROS
Need specifications to operate this stepper motor with RPi or Arduino
Omneykey 5421 drivers for Robot
How to design a gear system that straightens two metal rods connected at ends by the gear when applied force at either end
loudspeakers from 4 meters away from robot
Mechanical Solutions for Driving off a Small Cliff
Quad copter attitude control
working with *.osm to get images
What parts do I need for a strong robotic arm?
How does DroneDeploy work?
How can I achieve long distance, high quality 3D Scans on a mobile robot?
What do these acronyms stand for?
What mechanical parts make a toy missile launcher?
Programming language?
What to look for and/or take into account when making the drive / transmission?
How to connect SINAMICS V60 driver to raspberry
Arduino Quadcopter using bluetooth shield and android phone
Lying human body simulation
How to control a function with two different inputs
Manual PID tuning for small 3 wheels robot
Problems using syskit monitors -&gt; failed emission of the foo event of
Device that can push out independent pin points?
autoproj snapshot with git detached HEAD
Sccaning in SICKlMS matlab toolbox C++
Cannot launch iRobot Create. Powers down upon minimal launch?
BS2 inconsistant pin state when connected to wire?
Making a Gripper Changer for a Robotic Arm
Velocity Control via Vibration
How to calculate robot hand positions using Roll, Pitch angles
Adding external magnets to a DC motor
Open source autonomous car project
Where to go to purchase parts for XY Plotter
Best microphone for speech recognition tasks
Why production lines are so huge and power hungry?
How to match Nao head and torso
Android Vibrating based on Arduino devices
Tilt-compensated motor output to keep altitude for quadcopter
Visibility Graph Toolbox for Python
PD controller in C#
I need advice for mobile robot navigation
Arduino with two Linear Actuators, two ACS714 Current Sensors, and an L298N Motor Driver setup
State Covariance Matrix for Extended Kalman Filter using odometry motion model
autonomous obstacle detecting quadcopter
Position Control of an Omni Wheel Drive Robot
Matlab for moving a robot towards the detected block
how to plot a line between two centroids in matlab
Torque calculation
Device to roll a mat
Fast C++ Math libraries for SLAM with many landmarks (simulation done in OpenGL)
ports with std::vector type in Rock (branch master)
translation the shaft encoder data
it&#39;s worth to make a line follower using a raspberry pi and a web cam?
How to Improve Gait Sequences in an 8 DOF Quadruped? (Video Included)
Programming the Odometry of Rover 5
Arduino Power Supply
How to filter vibration programatically?
Free of charge Robot Magazine, Journal, Newsletter or similar
Fuzzy Logic Controller
How to operate al422b
Influence of the number of octaves on the features description
What&#39;s the difference between Yaw and Attitude in Quad Rotor
Servo controlled valve
How to calculate Altitude from IMU?
How to implement linear movement with string
How can one create a robot which respondes to input following a flowchart?
12V Arduino Dual Bridge to supply at least 5A
What are the calculations for a badminton robot and mechanisms?
What is a PID as is related to quadcopters
Are consumer grade CNC machines capable of cutting tile?
Particles not behaving correctly in the implementation of particle filter
Robotc color sensor error
Control a 2.4 Ghz AR Drone from the computer
Implement a sharp right turn using atmega8 for line follower
Adding reverse function to a brushed motor electronic speed controller
Can a 5S LIPO battery be changed to a 3S and a 2S?
Troubles implementing the wavefront planner?
Position Controller for a Quadrotor
How to estimate yaw angle from tri-axis accelerometer and gyroscope
tricopter simulation to test control algorithms
Short distance ball transport
Interface multiple I2C slaves to microcontroller
Amperage on brushed motors
control a robot with pymorse on MORSE simulator question
Motor recommendation for spinning disk weapon
biped walking using Genetic Algorithm
ros node does not seem to do anything
Wheeled Robot Motion Primitives: Is throttling forward and crab motion considered as one?
Sending a smartphone&#39;s GPS wireless
Which is more useful? Instantaneous rate of change of displacement or Average rate of change of displacement?
gazebo import robot gives error
Motor controller calibration
Risk of overloading motor controller
RNN instead of a PID controller
AHRS Algorithm Question
Choosing motor characteristics
Implementing a position control for UAV through a flight controller. Plant model is unknown
How to change the orientation of an object w.r.t a scene?
Roll, Pitch Calculation Problem!
Arduino Lightsensor Blocking Code
How to make a robot following a virtual eight figure pattern without using microcontrollers?
Will AIs ever be as advanced as the human brain?
Quadcopter Hovering Problem
LM2576 and LM2596 regulator make microcontroller hang
Self-locking actuator: Friction versus worm gear
Is there build your own garage robotic assembly lines out there?
Gyro rate gets increase problem
Robotics simulation from PNG map
Rate PID vs Stabalize PID
Simplest and cheapest way to create a spring back latch
Raspberry Pi vs BeagleBone Black Rev C on vending machine
How to use gear motor 9 with Arduino
Keeping two wheeled wall following robot straight
Could a robot be programmed to be human?
How many work injuries occured by a human robots interaction last year?
Backstepping Integrator: changing the virtual control
How do I determine the heading of a six wheeled robot?
Seamless motor movement
Best UGV platform?
Nano Quadcopters Microcontroller and battery
How does power get to the flywheel in a motorized gyroscope?
Turning position level FK to motion level FK
remote control laser meter
Is the accuracy of estimated position in localization better than estimated position in SLAM?
Trying to design a mechanical system with vertical and horizontal movement
Control circuit of humanoid robot: is it worth to learn and use ROS?
Control circuit of humanoid robot: is it worth to learn and use ROS?
Looking for a cheap(ish) micromouse that I can program with C/C++
Regarding Long distance wireless communication
APM Planner on Linux/Ubuntu &quot;open from file&quot; not working
PID for Quadcopters
How to create the four way joint at the base of each finger
Step Motor and Bevel gear calibration
Defining a trajectory for a quadrotor
How to send a new Mavlink message from Ardupilot?
Error as a State space
interfacing arduino uno with 9 dof razor imu
Compound vision system or Megapixel camera reduction
Arduino depth sensor
Alternatives to cameras for a dirt sensor for an autonomous vacuum robot?
Is there a brushless motor controller accepting over 500 updates/s?
SLAM Goal Babbling
Programming a Quadcopter
How can I replace acceleration in the dynamic model of the robot?
joint compatibility branch and bound (JCBB) data association implementation
Need a Relay Alternative
Is my quadcopter loop fast enough?
How to program parallel PID control loops? So I can give my robot multiple set points to follow
Questions on gears for a robot actuator
Uploading edited code for Arducopter
Lifting Robot To Lift Small Creates
Linear or Switching Power Supply for a Embedded Project
Hydraulics/Motor Power calculation question
Need help on using gesture based angle control
Getting started with Jetson Tegra K1
beaglebone black power supply for hexapod
language to code Beaglebone
Robotics advice needed
Controlled flow of a viscous fluid on a substrate
Connecting PC and PI over celluar network
Mobile Camera Calibration and rectification frame rate
Eliminating Electrical Noise from my motor driver
differential robot yaw estimation using kalman filter
How to stabilize color sensor for VEX IQ?
Quadcopter multiple ESC angles glitch
Relative frame calculation
Help for Cracking Robotics Interview
what is the price of Pioneer P3DX
How to run custom hardware from a laptop
Rocker bogie suspension system - pitch angle
HXT 900 Arduino Sweep Problem
How can I send a jpeg image to a microcontroller via USART?
Stallable motor - 100% duty cycle higher torque motor that can be stalled without burning up
Odometry and motor dynamics identification
Don&#39;t understand how sensor works, metal wired directly to I/O pin of arduino
Robot that can either climb a pole or crawl walls of a water tank
Jacobian Matrix of 6DOF Body (with IMU)
EV3 MonoBrick C# Library Tutorial
Kalman Filter with incremental encoder + optical mice
What kind of linear actuator can be used for very small forces over relatively long distances
Is our laptop wifi single channel or multiple channel? This is for controlling a bot
Quad Copter with GSM and GPRS modules
FRC RoboRio Eclipse can&#39;t find edu.wpi.first.wpilibj
Can I use a PWM HHO Controller to control a brushless DC motor?
Suggestions for beginer in Robotics
Help with code that is supposed to drive a servo controller
Cheap wheeled robot without tether (does not need to be programable)
Best practice to write a ROS service for a serial-communication class with many options
Atmel ICE basic connection
Finding the relative pose of a robot gripper
What is the best software/package to draw the robot manipulator and indicate DH parameters and different axes?
Is Khepera II still adequate for learning
Ball and plate possible sensors use
Where to buy small propellors for quadcopter
Ros, iai_kinect2 issues
how to plot $\pm 3 \sigma$ of a landmark in EKF-SLAM
How to get a python node in ROS subscribe to multiple topics?
What dynamic system could these equations represent?
FreeIMU External Magnetometer
Drive motor voltage / other specifications of Roomba 650
Epson EH853C robotics : Structure of command flow in the robot?
Is 1 to 3 inches internal diamter slewing ring standard parts?
Tools needed for static and dynamic balancing
How to find the body jacobain, for each link in a robot manipulator?
DC Motor PID control with unstable velocity feedback
Good Robotics /Bio Engineering/prosthetics Graduate Programme in US/Europe?
help me in quadcopter controlling
I need help with choosing a computer on the board
Running epucks as a flock using webots software
How to choose timing belt?
What is the cheapest way to make led sensitive to sound around?
Is it possible for a robot to navigate through predefined coordinates?
Raspberry Pi quadcopter thrashes at high speeds
How feasible is the idea of operating a robotic arm in a non-sophisticated way?
How to drive forward dynamic simulations (OpenSim)?
Turning an epilog laser into a 3d printer?
How do I get MPU 6050 gyroscope data using &quot;MPU6050_6Axis_MotionApps20.h&quot; library
Open Source software for Quadcopters
Is the crazyflie control board considered a microcontroller
All inclusive quad copter kit
Iron man Jarvis like robot
Is it tough to make a robotic workshop of your own
Driver Board to Control 16 Brushed DC Motors
Provides a 10 Degree-Of-Freedom IMU reduntant data?
mobile robot behaving strangely while rotating and reversing in Gazebo simulation
Remote Control Relative to Driver
What is the link between a quadcopter transmitter pulse and the roll/pitch/yaw angles?
How to tune a PIV controller?
Difference between planetary and precision gear motors
create2 does not dock
Can&#39;t connect to BeagleBone Webserver?
Internal Pullup Sufficient for i2c in beaglebone Black?
How to calculate the center of mass Jacobian matrix of a robot arm
Sporadic sensing rates for hc-sr04 ultrasonic distance sensor
Recommendation for good source of Robotic Components
Datalogging from Arduino Mega to Dropbox
I need the specifications for irobot create 2
Dock command does not seem to work
the specifications graph showing the battery discharges in volt per time
DYNAMIXEL MX-106-R burnt
How to calculate the real time RPM of motor with rotary encoder?
Roomba Create 2 problem reading distance traveled
Controlling the iRobot Create 2 with MATLAB
Control a Quadcopter with an xbox 360 controller
Low power to motors -- motor power jumper issue
SLAM noob here, a few questions regarding EKF-SLAM
How to find theta1 to theta5 after D-H parameter
how can ı reduce this block diagram?
joining an esp8266 wifi module to an access point
How to send commands to create 2 over Bluetooth
Psudo inertia matrix in RP model
Simulate IMU (2D gyro and accelerometer) data
Adxl345 SPI problem reading values!
How to tune PID controller for nonlinear feedback linearization control of a robotic arm?
How to set up binocular cameras on a car?
iRobot Create PDF Documentation Links don&#39;t work
Dynamically detect changing obstacles
Help to dimension the right controller for the following Tranfer Function
how to make a robot move using arduino other than timing to predefined locations?
using range-only sensors for mapping in SLAM
object based indoor scene classification
Does anybody have information on the Delphi car?
Can&#39;t connect to VNC server on BeagleBone?
Shallow underwater wireless sensor network
Iterative Learning Control Algorithm
Why are Mars rovers so slow?
Why do I need a Kalman filter?
Programming Robots with JavaScript
How to choose the right propeller/motor combination for a quadcopter?
What is the difference between Kinect for Windows and Kinect for XBox?
Preventing leaks in motor shafts for underwater bots
Why are Servo Motors so noisy?
What useful gaits exist for a six legged robot, and what are their pros and cons?
Quadcopter liPo battery weight/capacity trade off
What algorithm should I use for balancing a two wheeled robot using a gyroscope?
What is stall current and free current of motors?
How should emergency stops be wired?
What are good strategies for tuning PID loops?
How can I integrate a smart phone with my robotics project?
What algorithm should I implement to program a room cleaning robot?
What frequency does my quadcopter output-sense-calculate-output update loop need to stay stable?
Is it better to have batteries distributed at the rotors or the center of the multicopter?
Why are capacitors added to motors (in parallel); what is their purpose?
Can ROS run on a Raspberry Pi?
How to fuse linear and angular data from sensors
Visualizing and debugging an EKF
What&#39;s the most effective type of rechargeable battery when taking into account size / weight / Ah?
How mature is real-time programming in robotics?
Why are quadcopters more common in robotics than other configurations?
What good robotics software platforms / operating systems are available?
Absolute positioning without GPS
How does a six-axis force/torque sensor work?
How To Determine Heading Without Compass
What are good methods for tuning the process noise on Kalman filters?
Is it possible to both move and stabilize a two wheeled robot with no gyroscopes?
Quadcopter Localization Beacon
Which type of actuator will be suitable for a very strong robot arm
What is the best way to power a large number (27) servos at 5 V?
Particle filters: How to do resampling?
Why do Mars rovers designers prefer wheels over tracks?
How do space rovers survive at very low temperatures?
What is the right approach to write the spin controller for a soccer robot?
How can I modify a low cost hobby servo to run &#39;freely&#39;?
Nearest-neighbor data structure for non-Euclidean configuration space
What is a suitable model for two-wheeled robots?
What UAV kit(s) would be suitable for a beginner roboticist with programming experience?
How can the inverse kinematics problem be solved?
USB instead of RS232
EKF-SLAM Update step, Kalman Gain becomes singular
Computing the Jacobian matrix for Inverse Kinematics
Optimal Control for a simple pendulum
Will connecting two servo motors double the torque?
How can I use the Arduino PID library to drive a robot in a straight line?
What reward function results in optimal learning?
Why do quadcopters use brushless motors
How to choose a good IMU for a wheeled robot?
Creating a fast, uniform, linear actuator
Starting out advice on making robots and tinkering with microcontrollers
Should I switch my servo system from brushed to brushless motors?
I don&#39;t understand Integral part of PID controller
What was the earliest concept of a robot?
Wheels vs Continuous Tracks (Tank Treads)
Will turning an NXT motor by hand damage it?
Does RRT* guarantee asymptotic optimality for a minimum clearance cost metric?
What are methods for dealing with compass lag (rate dependent hysteresis)?
Web mapping that can be used for autonomous vehicles/robots
How Should I Choose an Educational Robotics Kits for Beginner Programmers?
Single camera vision and mapping system
What&#39;s the most accurate way to obtain a locational fix using GPS?
How can I detect if a DC motor on a robot is starting to fail?
Calculating the efficiency of Mecanum wheels
What determines the amount of noise an actuator produces?
Is it better to have weight distributed over the wheels or the center of the robot?
Mathematical prerequisites for beginning graduate student in robotics
How to determine quality of ICP matches?
What do the commutation waveforms look like for a brushless motor?
Correct way to use Subsumption Architecture with Robot C
Programming a line following robot with reinforcement learning
Inter-processor communication for robotic arm
In HRI, how is the &quot;uncanny valley&quot; experienced by people on the autism spectrum?
Differences between Ackermann steering and standard bi/tricycles concerning kinematics?
Do &quot;nano bots&quot; (that can fit inside the human body) actually exist?
Which is model is best for feedback control of robotic manipulators: MIMO or parallel SISO?
How is PIV control performed?
How do SLAM algorithms handle a changing environment?
What tyre tread would be best suited to an off road robot expected to deal with frequently muddy conditions?
How can I best protect sensitive components against damage through vibration?
How to model the noise in a range sensor&#39;s return?
How can I automatically adjust PID parameters on the fly?
How do I model a robot?
How can the dynamic effects of motor current on a digital compass be characterized and compensated for?
How to obtain dense point clouds from stereo cameras?
In PID control, what do the poles and zeros represent?
Is it possible to run a neural network on a microcontroller
Which programming language should I use with the NXT?
How to get two continuous tracks (tank treads) to move at the same rate?
Least squares map joining
How can I control a fast (200Hz) realtime system with a slow (30Hz) system?
Can I use digital animation software to define the movements of humanoid robots?
Do I really need a gyro for an airplane flight stabilization system?
How to select cameras for a stereo vision system?
What&#39;s an efficient way to visit every reachable space on a grid with unknown obstacles?
Do magnets affect IMU values?
What is a good approach to a Quadruped Gait?
When should FPGAs be used in Robotics?
How to stabilize a quadcopter
Robotics Location Following and Tracking?
My Raspberry Pi is losing power in a surge
covariance matrix in EKF?
Choosing the right dimensions for an underwater glider
Shape Memory Alloy wire for robot gripper arm actuation: How to vary grip pressure?
Properly flashing the firmware on a Lego Mindstorms NXT
How do I calculate the required loop frequency for a servo controller?
Which spline function would be best suited for the trajectory of a differential drive
With a 6-axis robot, given end-effector position and range of orientations, how to find optimal joint values
Selecting an accelerometer for Deduced Reckoning
Raspberry Pi operating system for robotics
Standalone (or capable of being) Robotics Simulator
Sonar for obstacle avoidance: how many sensors and where to place them?
Is there a tool for building and analysing robots (kinematics, control) visually?
Are power and torque required related in some way?
How do I convert link parameters and angles (in kinematics) into transformation matrices in programming logic?
Extended Kalman Filter using odometry motion model
Why do space probes need heating?
Building a balancing robot with differential drive
At which stage should filtering be applied to the sensors data?
Why are industrial machines called robots?
What would be the best way to handle food grains?
What kind of sensor do i need for knowing that something is placed at a position?
How does rocker bogie keep the body almost flat?
How to detect when a stepper motor has stalled?
What is the cheapest / easiest way of detecting a person?
How can I improve the map in my Mobile Autonomous Robot using KINECT
How to deal with sonar crosstalk
What is the difference between a Robot and a Machine?
How to open a sliding window?
How do robotics startups work?
Is there an analytical solution for inverse kinematics of a 6 DOF serial chain?
What are some good cheap, silent, motors for mannequin robots and what kind of controller should I use?
Virtual Testing Environment for Drones
Keyboard control map for scalar based movement?
Adding external heat sinking to a Dynamixel RX-24F servo?
Using an Arduino to control an ON / OFF connection between two pins
What connectors are most reliable?
What rail material is best used for linear bearings?
Detect Nao robot in Kinect
Fixed point arithmetic on microcontrollers
Floor Segmentation to Determine Navigable Paths
Red [ERROR] output in python in ROS
Questions about quadcopter and radio controller
Visual Odometry options?
How can I optimise control parameters for a stepper motor?
More powerful alternatives to Lego Mindstorm NXT 2.0?
When taking VCC power from an arduino to a 12v regulator, then to a 5v, do I need two sets of capacitors?
Protecting electronics against voltage/current extremes and bad polarity
MEMS accelerometer calibration
What are the notable limitations on using Java with Mindstorms NXT 2.0?
Cable routing in theta, x, y motion control system. Better inside or outside?
Can I use ROS with a Roomba?
Quadruped Learning Simulator
How can computer vision distinguish one object being contained by another vs being on top of it?
Guiding a Quadrotor Towards a Target
How can I upgrade an existing robot with a higher torque, sensored motor @ ~100 watts?
The relationship between point cloud maps and graph maps
How to find out how far a motor has taken a vehicle?
Calibrate a 2d scanner mounted on a rotary axis
How can I detect the edge of a table?
Chaining Kalman filters
Motors response different with high-frequency PWM
Controlling the Power of a Solenoid
How to make an &quot;invisible line following robot&quot;?
What are human-friendly terms for mobile-robot orientation and relative direction of non-robot objects?
Stabilizing a Robot Arm at a Specified Height
Drone targeting
Quadrotor control using ArduIMU
Connecting More Than Six Analog Input Pins to arduino
What are the mechanics of translational drift?
Permission to fly UAVs
How to convert vertical motion to horizontal
Why can Humans single out audio in a crowd? What would it take for a robot to do the same?
Making a tiny robot by using a remote brain
How can I build a 10cm-200cm IR range sensor?
Difference beetween Rao-Blackwellized particle filters and regular ones
How to measure displacement, cheaply and without using an accelerometer?
What is the best way to fuse measurements from IMU, LIDAR, and Encoder information in some recursive bayesian filter?
Why should I still use EKF instead of UKF?
Robot docking for self-recharging
Can a Jacobian be used to determine required joint angles for end effector velocity/position?
What algorithm can I use for constructing a map of an explored area using a number of ultrasound sensors?
HMMs vs. CRFs to model time-series force data of robots interacting with environment?
How much can working with CNC machines teach you about robotics?
Learning Algorithms for Walking Quadruped
What kind of performance can I expect when using an Extended Kalman Filter for calibration and localization?
How much torque do I need for a CNC machine?
How can one determine whether a LiPo battery is going bad?
Is there a working implementation of &quot;Navigation Among Movable Obstacles&quot; for a bi-pedal robot?
How computationally powerful is an Arduino Uno board?
Including a RaspberryPi within a robot... Does this allow for a &quot;universal API&quot;?
Programming an ESC to have reverse mode
How to charge a LiFePO4 battery?
Why does our LM2576 circuit suddenly cut down the power?
Noise in motion and measurement models
Comparing maps to groundtruth
How do you determine EKF process noise for pre-recorded data sets?
Getting started with robotic arm design
Why are Mars rovers so slow?
Why do I need a Kalman filter?
Programming Robots with JavaScript
How to choose the right propeller/motor combination for a quadcopter?
What is the difference between Kinect for Windows and Kinect for XBox?
Preventing leaks in motor shafts for underwater bots
Why are Servo Motors so noisy?
What useful gaits exist for a six legged robot, and what are their pros and cons?
Quadcopter liPo battery weight/capacity trade off
What algorithm should I use for balancing a two wheeled robot using a gyroscope?
What is stall current and free current of motors?
How should emergency stops be wired?
What are good strategies for tuning PID loops?
How can I integrate a smart phone with my robotics project?
What algorithm should I implement to program a room cleaning robot?
What frequency does my quadcopter output-sense-calculate-output update loop need to stay stable?
Is it better to have batteries distributed at the rotors or the center of the multicopter?
Why are capacitors added to motors (in parallel); what is their purpose?
Can ROS run on a Raspberry Pi?
How to fuse linear and angular data from sensors
Visualizing and debugging an EKF
What&#39;s the most effective type of rechargeable battery when taking into account size / weight / Ah?
How mature is real-time programming in robotics?
Why are quadcopters more common in robotics than other configurations?
What good robotics software platforms / operating systems are available?
Absolute positioning without GPS
How does a six-axis force/torque sensor work?
How To Determine Heading Without Compass
What are good methods for tuning the process noise on Kalman filters?
Is it possible to both move and stabilize a two wheeled robot with no gyroscopes?
Quadcopter Localization Beacon
Which type of actuator will be suitable for a very strong robot arm
What is the best way to power a large number (27) servos at 5 V?
Particle filters: How to do resampling?
Why do Mars rovers designers prefer wheels over tracks?
How do space rovers survive at very low temperatures?
What is the right approach to write the spin controller for a soccer robot?
How can I modify a low cost hobby servo to run &#39;freely&#39;?
Nearest-neighbor data structure for non-Euclidean configuration space
What is a suitable model for two-wheeled robots?
What UAV kit(s) would be suitable for a beginner roboticist with programming experience?
How can the inverse kinematics problem be solved?
USB instead of RS232
EKF-SLAM Update step, Kalman Gain becomes singular
Computing the Jacobian matrix for Inverse Kinematics
Optimal Control for a simple pendulum
Will connecting two servo motors double the torque?
How can I use the Arduino PID library to drive a robot in a straight line?
What reward function results in optimal learning?
Why do quadcopters use brushless motors
How to choose a good IMU for a wheeled robot?
Creating a fast, uniform, linear actuator
Starting out advice on making robots and tinkering with microcontrollers
Should I switch my servo system from brushed to brushless motors?
I don&#39;t understand Integral part of PID controller
What was the earliest concept of a robot?
Wheels vs Continuous Tracks (Tank Treads)
Will turning an NXT motor by hand damage it?
Does RRT* guarantee asymptotic optimality for a minimum clearance cost metric?
What are methods for dealing with compass lag (rate dependent hysteresis)?
Web mapping that can be used for autonomous vehicles/robots
How Should I Choose an Educational Robotics Kits for Beginner Programmers?
Single camera vision and mapping system
What&#39;s the most accurate way to obtain a locational fix using GPS?
How can I detect if a DC motor on a robot is starting to fail?
Calculating the efficiency of Mecanum wheels
What determines the amount of noise an actuator produces?
Is it better to have weight distributed over the wheels or the center of the robot?
Mathematical prerequisites for beginning graduate student in robotics
How to determine quality of ICP matches?
What do the commutation waveforms look like for a brushless motor?
Correct way to use Subsumption Architecture with Robot C
Programming a line following robot with reinforcement learning
Inter-processor communication for robotic arm
In HRI, how is the &quot;uncanny valley&quot; experienced by people on the autism spectrum?
Differences between Ackermann steering and standard bi/tricycles concerning kinematics?
Do &quot;nano bots&quot; (that can fit inside the human body) actually exist?
Which is model is best for feedback control of robotic manipulators: MIMO or parallel SISO?
How is PIV control performed?
How do SLAM algorithms handle a changing environment?
What tyre tread would be best suited to an off road robot expected to deal with frequently muddy conditions?
How can I best protect sensitive components against damage through vibration?
How to model the noise in a range sensor&#39;s return?
How can I automatically adjust PID parameters on the fly?
How do I model a robot?
How can the dynamic effects of motor current on a digital compass be characterized and compensated for?
How to obtain dense point clouds from stereo cameras?
In PID control, what do the poles and zeros represent?
Is it possible to run a neural network on a microcontroller
Which programming language should I use with the NXT?
How to get two continuous tracks (tank treads) to move at the same rate?
Least squares map joining
How can I control a fast (200Hz) realtime system with a slow (30Hz) system?
Can I use digital animation software to define the movements of humanoid robots?
Do I really need a gyro for an airplane flight stabilization system?
How to select cameras for a stereo vision system?
What&#39;s an efficient way to visit every reachable space on a grid with unknown obstacles?
Do magnets affect IMU values?
What is a good approach to a Quadruped Gait?
When should FPGAs be used in Robotics?
How to stabilize a quadcopter
Robotics Location Following and Tracking?
My Raspberry Pi is losing power in a surge
covariance matrix in EKF?
Choosing the right dimensions for an underwater glider
Shape Memory Alloy wire for robot gripper arm actuation: How to vary grip pressure?
Properly flashing the firmware on a Lego Mindstorms NXT
How do I calculate the required loop frequency for a servo controller?
Which spline function would be best suited for the trajectory of a differential drive
With a 6-axis robot, given end-effector position and range of orientations, how to find optimal joint values
Selecting an accelerometer for Deduced Reckoning
Raspberry Pi operating system for robotics
Standalone (or capable of being) Robotics Simulator
Sonar for obstacle avoidance: how many sensors and where to place them?
Is there a tool for building and analysing robots (kinematics, control) visually?
Are power and torque required related in some way?
How do I convert link parameters and angles (in kinematics) into transformation matrices in programming logic?
Extended Kalman Filter using odometry motion model
Why do space probes need heating?
Building a balancing robot with differential drive
At which stage should filtering be applied to the sensors data?
Why are industrial machines called robots?
What would be the best way to handle food grains?
What kind of sensor do i need for knowing that something is placed at a position?
How does rocker bogie keep the body almost flat?
How to detect when a stepper motor has stalled?
What is the cheapest / easiest way of detecting a person?
How can I improve the map in my Mobile Autonomous Robot using KINECT
How to deal with sonar crosstalk
What is the difference between a Robot and a Machine?
How to open a sliding window?
How do robotics startups work?
Is there an analytical solution for inverse kinematics of a 6 DOF serial chain?
What are some good cheap, silent, motors for mannequin robots and what kind of controller should I use?
Virtual Testing Environment for Drones
Keyboard control map for scalar based movement?
Adding external heat sinking to a Dynamixel RX-24F servo?
Using an Arduino to control an ON / OFF connection between two pins
What connectors are most reliable?
What rail material is best used for linear bearings?
Detect Nao robot in Kinect
Fixed point arithmetic on microcontrollers
Floor Segmentation to Determine Navigable Paths
Red [ERROR] output in python in ROS
Questions about quadcopter and radio controller
Visual Odometry options?
How can I optimise control parameters for a stepper motor?
More powerful alternatives to Lego Mindstorm NXT 2.0?
When taking VCC power from an arduino to a 12v regulator, then to a 5v, do I need two sets of capacitors?
Protecting electronics against voltage/current extremes and bad polarity
MEMS accelerometer calibration
What are the notable limitations on using Java with Mindstorms NXT 2.0?
Cable routing in theta, x, y motion control system. Better inside or outside?
Can I use ROS with a Roomba?
Quadruped Learning Simulator
How can computer vision distinguish one object being contained by another vs being on top of it?
Guiding a Quadrotor Towards a Target
How can I upgrade an existing robot with a higher torque, sensored motor @ ~100 watts?
The relationship between point cloud maps and graph maps
How to find out how far a motor has taken a vehicle?
Calibrate a 2d scanner mounted on a rotary axis
How can I detect the edge of a table?
Chaining Kalman filters
Motors response different with high-frequency PWM
Controlling the Power of a Solenoid
How to make an &quot;invisible line following robot&quot;?
What are human-friendly terms for mobile-robot orientation and relative direction of non-robot objects?
Stabilizing a Robot Arm at a Specified Height
Drone targeting
Quadrotor control using ArduIMU
Connecting More Than Six Analog Input Pins to arduino
What are the mechanics of translational drift?
Permission to fly UAVs
How to convert vertical motion to horizontal
Why can Humans single out audio in a crowd? What would it take for a robot to do the same?
Making a tiny robot by using a remote brain
How can I build a 10cm-200cm IR range sensor?
Difference beetween Rao-Blackwellized particle filters and regular ones
How to measure displacement, cheaply and without using an accelerometer?
What is the best way to fuse measurements from IMU, LIDAR, and Encoder information in some recursive bayesian filter?
Why should I still use EKF instead of UKF?
Robot docking for self-recharging
Can a Jacobian be used to determine required joint angles for end effector velocity/position?
What algorithm can I use for constructing a map of an explored area using a number of ultrasound sensors?
HMMs vs. CRFs to model time-series force data of robots interacting with environment?
How much can working with CNC machines teach you about robotics?
Learning Algorithms for Walking Quadruped
What kind of performance can I expect when using an Extended Kalman Filter for calibration and localization?
How much torque do I need for a CNC machine?
How can one determine whether a LiPo battery is going bad?
Is there a working implementation of &quot;Navigation Among Movable Obstacles&quot; for a bi-pedal robot?
How computationally powerful is an Arduino Uno board?
Including a RaspberryPi within a robot... Does this allow for a &quot;universal API&quot;?
Programming an ESC to have reverse mode
How to charge a LiFePO4 battery?
Why does our LM2576 circuit suddenly cut down the power?
Noise in motion and measurement models
Comparing maps to groundtruth
How do you determine EKF process noise for pre-recorded data sets?
Getting started with robotic arm design
Building a controllable &quot;knob&quot;
What are the reasons for not having autonomous robots in our daily activities?
Do &quot;toy&quot; robots move technology forwards?
Arduino Motor control
Sensors for differential drive
Can you seed a Kalman filter with a particle filter?
Dropping PWM on Ardrone Parrot 2.0
Controlling more than 12 Servos with the Arduino Servo library
Simulated kinect rotation around X [gazebo bug?]
For servos, can it be implied that `Holding Torque = Operating Torque * 2` like with steppers?
Taylor Series expansion for EKF
Connecting multiple different voltage servos to the same controller
What is the actual physical actuated quantity when controlling the position of a servo?
Is it possible to interface android mobile as GSM and GPS module with arduino based robotic applications?
How do I measure the distance that a cord (string) has moved?
Has a robot ever taken a complete IQ test?
Shedding light on &quot;cyber-physical systems&quot;
Problem with vibrations in air bearing
Send Arduino sensor data to server with GPRS shield
What are the signs that a servo might be broken?
Can I use Ziegler-Nichols&#39;s rules to find PID parameters for a non linear system
Prop orientation for tricopters
laser scanner distance
Motor and Ethernet shields together
Quadcopter application underwater
Reducing motor speed without jamming up
How do I motorize the elbow socket and other joints in a powered exo-skeleton?
How can I manipulate real-time sonar data from my Arducopter in Arduino?
Calculate position of differential drive robot
Moldable rubber for &quot;feet&quot;
Smooth servo movement for a crawling robot
Do 6 motors require 6 individually-assigned batteries?
Approach to using PID to get a differential robot driving straight
What is the difference between RC motors for cars and helicopters?
Polling or Timer interrupt?
Place for GPS antenna on autonomous vehicle
What to do when the control input of the Kalman filter is unknown?
Roller Screw drive - axial movement instead of friction
Field oriented control of brushless motors
Public training data for vehicle detectors in computer vision?
SLAM without landmarks?
Are time-of-flight cameras like the swissranger affected by outdoor fog?
Resampling attitude states (quaternions, rotation matrix) in a Particle Filter
Unwanted Arduino reconnect: Servo + Arduino + Python (Raspberry Pi)
Quadcopter PID tuning
Monte-Carlo Localization
Electronic noses for detecting dog urine
Motion Model for Holonomic Robot
What do quadcopter propeller specifications mean?
Why does a ID controller not exist?
innovation step ekf localization?
Is there a rule of thumb for actuator torque overhead?
Denavit-Hartenberg parameters for SCARA manipulator
computer vision using the FREAK local features descriptor - why overlapping fields?
DC motor control - speed-torque curve
Deducing single wing plane transfer function Aka Transfer function estimation through set of points
Forward Kinematics/D-H parameters for perpendicular joint axes
Seeking dirt cheap, wheeled, programmable robot
Brush-less motor specs vs efficiency for multi-copters
I want to control a sewing machine motor; need help with choices
Ambiguous definition of Error-State (Indirect) Kalman Filter
Low power computer for stereo vision
How to manage interrupts on an AVR?
Robotics Trends
How to calculate serial speed and buffer requirements for PC to microcontroller communications?
Spatial tracking between two UAVs
Tendon longevity
restricting range of motion with complex constraints
Strategies for managing power on electrical systems for mobile robots
Matlab &#39;system&#39; function with ROS
Is it practical to 3D print a refractive lens?
Decision trees for solving 2D inverse kinematics?
Inverse kinematics with joint contraints
Vex motors and tank treads drained 9-volt battery more quickly than expected
Arduino Vin Current Limit
Confused about the variables in RobotC?
How to balance a flying quadcopter?
Can ultrasonic and button sensors be run in a VEX analog port?
Adding Rotary Encoders to an Electronic Wheel Chair
How to Identify Objects in Space
Building Robotic arm joint
Measuring speed of movement in Webots
Arduino Nano + Raspberry Pi = UAV Ground Station?
High voltage motor control with arduino
How does the Makeblock threaded slot work?
How can I send video from my Arduino camera module video to my Android screen?
How do I design for a target speed?
Adhesion for a heavy wall-climbing robot
Conventional Land Vehicle Dynamic Models for GPS/INS augmentation
How would I go about making an art drawing robot like this?
Assigning Frames and Deriving Link Parameters
Increasing the rotation range of a servo motor
Python libraries for image processing and feedback control on raspberry pi
Numpy alternatives for linear algebra and kinematics in python?
How to know when a Li-Po battery is discharged?
information filter instead of kalman filter approach
object level sensor fusion for multiobject tracking
Fastest maze algorithm for robot
Dynamic braille interface
Space elevator: What is still needed, apart from the cable and propulsion?
Limits of PWM, Timers and Interrupts?
Using an Xbox controller to fly a Quadrocopter
Upgrading the motors on a SeaPerch ROV - more torque, or more RPMs?
Instantaneous Center of Rotation for a differential Drive Robot
PID Conundrums for Legged Robots
Single power source for electronics and actuators
Track a moving object
H-bridges and stall current
How can I get data from my kinect?
WHY are there no operating torque specifications on steppers?
How to speed up robotic arm?
classify if two adjacent surfaces belong to same object
Wind force impact on torque mechanical arm
How to determine the parameter of a Complementary Filter?
Off-the-shelf micro fluid dispenser
Any globally unique signature in Ardupilot hardware, or Arduino in general?
How to model unpredictable noise in Kalman Filter?
Actuator design. plausible?
Localizing a swarm of robots
Gears modeling in Google SketchUp and SketchyPhisics
What frame of reference is used during Visual Servoing?
Stabilizing a quadcopter with optical flow
Why do 3-axis accelerometers seemingly have a left-handed coordinate system?
Blender a good robotic simulator for quadcopters / swarm simulations?
Strafing of Mecanum wheels
In EKF-SLAM, why do we even need odometry when there is a more reliable sensor?Also, are all SLAM algorithms feature-based?
Choosing path planning and obstacle avoidance algorithm for 2D space
Can you have a career in robotics if you hate mechanics?
Maintaining positive-definite property for covariance in an unscented Kalman filter update
Guidance for compensating internal forces on closed loop chain
Powering down servos completely in RobotC+Tetrix
Wifi to pass through aluminium
Using Armatures in Morse Robotic Simulator
Image retrieval through a multibeam imaging sonar
Line following robot with EV3 Colour Sensor
Extended Kalman Filter with Laser Scan + Known Map
I am an entrepreneur and I want to start building robots for businesses, where do I start?
Udoo board + Kinect sensor?
ComputerCraft (Minecraft mod) navigation: Collision avoidance and path planning/finding in 2D/3D space
Are Artificial Intelligence and Robotics Different?
Cons and pros of wireless technologies for rescue robot
Kinect for Xbox: SDK selection
Generic name for two-motor wheeled/tracked robots?
Is configuration space same as joint space?
Benefits of the Number of Propellers
Why is ROS not a real-time operating system?
Are propellers dangerous?
Do servo motor specifications take into account the gear ratio inside?
Differential drive trajectory following control
How to explain bandwidth of a measurement to a noob?
Multiple position estimates fusion
SCARA Arm Lead Screw Choices
What are the advantages of using the Denavit-Hartenberg representation?
Computing inverse kinematic with jacobian matrices for 6 dof manipulator
Quadcopter Throttle and PID mixing to Motor Speed
what is the minimum number of RC channels required to control Quad Copter?
Role of Neuromorphic Computing and Quantum Computing in the field of Robotics and AI
Our quadcopter goes forward instead of hovering in place. How to correct it?
Why linkage-based haptic devices are much more common than cable (tension)-based ones?
Can you identify the construction material/system used in the pic?
understanding the PID controller
Are there any problems with a variable frequency PID?
Controlling a system with delayed measurements
ROS: Best practices?
How to use quaternions to feed a PID quadcopter stabilization loop?
One of the best ways to numerically integrate the velocity?
PID Integration over not constant dt (∆time)
Cascading PID DC Motor Position &amp; Velocity Controllers
What is the technical name when robot wheels are aligned to perform spot turn?
Ackerman steering model
Euler Angles from 9DOF IMU
Whats the logic to implement a particle filter for a robot with range sensor?
Yaw angle calculation for drone PID from two distance sensors
Finding a light load high precision servo motor
Build a ROS robot with SLAM without laser
how to power extra usb devices for beaglebone black
Why can&#39;t i use different ESCs together on a multirotor?
Has hierarchical learning been embodied in a robot before?
How to choose the state space model for 1 axis gyroscope to implemnt a good kalman filter
following a trajectory with LQR controller
How do I set up a rubber hand experiment with precise latency?
How do you calculate the moment of inertia of a Quadcopter?
What is inverse depth (in odometry) and why would I use it?
Does an electronic compass work underwater
F/OSS Optical Object Avoidance
I&#39;d like to use gesture based input for my robot. What are the pros and cons between the Xtion Live and the Kinect?
Mechanical design for motorized spherical caster wheels
What is the difference between 4-point and 8-point connectivity in graph based planning?
Technology behind Kiva Systems mobile robots
Effectiveness of a Mobile Robot In Relation To Mass
Low-cost servo with digital control interfaces?
IPC-Bridge problem
Is subsumption architecture still an active area of research?
Are inverse kinematics and reinforcement learning competitive techniques?
Can I use IMUs to improve the position/posture measurement of fingers in a &quot;data glove&quot;?
Connecting a 6 pole motor to a motor driver?
Is an accelerometer sufficient to detect displacement, or do I need an INS?
Who coined (or popularized) the term &quot;SLAM&quot;?
Are there working instances of Kilobot projects?
Wifly Shield Not Connecting
C++ Robust Model Fitting Library
Would ROS benefit from a multicore processor like Epiphany or XMOS?
How can Microhard 920 series modems be made compatible with Microhard 910 series?
How do I simulate an assembly line?
Is it possible to achieve arbitrary precision in camera calibration?
What is the opposite of &#39;Antagonistic&#39;?
Which is easier/cheaper: Hbridge vs ESC for controlling a motor?
Local Localisation with particle filter
looking for a miniature joystick, but in reverse
Cant see Kinect Data in ROS
Source to learn Kalman Fusion, explanatory code snippets
Mindsensor Motor Multiplexer jump on run_unlimited
How to assemble brushless motors and propellers?
Robots minimum distance
What is the name of this mechanical linkage?
Can I use the RaspberryPi to receive the GameCube remote&#39;s RF signals?
Plastic shaft supports
Would the strength and speed of a robot skeleton be a danger to its wearer?
What is the difference between Task-Level and Joint-Level Control Systems?
How can I get Windows Kinect working on Angstrom on Beaglebone?
How to measure and dispense a finite amount of powder or liquid
How can I create a robot like the EZ-B using a regular Arduino?
Rotation ratio between left rocker and right rocker in rocker-bogie system
Association of multiple measurements to multiple objects
Prop Orientation on a Multirotor
Software for robot parts interaction modeling
Pushing Buttons Remotely over Ethernet
Building robots with high reliability, durability, and battery life
Controlling a Quadrotor from a PC
How to get data from ArduPilot through Serial Port
Maze Solving Algorithm For Mazes With Loops
Optimal-time trajectory in 2D and 3D with simple constraints
Building a non rotating persistence of vision device
How can I simulate a changing environment with non-rigid objects?
How to raise/drop a spider
Accelerometer calibration - how to get cross-axis sensitivities
Choosing motor and battery for a robot
Interference between 900 MHz video transmitter and 2.4 GHz control radio
measuring gears for servo motors
Do servos stop at their limits automatically?
Beaglebone Black power draw
Implementing Slip Compensation into a Half-Size Micromouse
What is an effective distribution of grayscale sensors on robot
How to correctly compute direct kinematics for a delta robot?
Design Calculations &amp; Mathematical Modeling of Tricopters
In SLAM, how does a laser range finder produce pseudo-segments from dynamic objects?
How to control a brushless motor?
Digital servo shaking
question about car-like robot localization based on dead-reckoning
Is finished plywood a comparable prototyping substitute for polyoxymethylene?
Use computer to throw a small switch
How can we manage stepper motor cables?
Performing the proper coordinate system transformation
DC motor direct loading
Is a thrift store a good place to get a servo motor?
What is telemetry used for?
Is there a way to determine which degrees of freedom are lost in a robot at a singularity position by looking at the jacobian?
How to calculate the right and left speed for a tank-like rover?
How will the currently evaluated computer technology influence robotics and embedded systems in the forseeable future?
Calculate covariance matrix from x,y,z data
Cheapest 3D printer for gears?
Particle filter implementation in ROS
Recommendations for system to repeatedly force contact between head and desk
How to use Arduino for ESC control?
Do I need an accurate flight model for a UAV?
sending and receiving parameters to ardupilot
Defining frames for 5DOF robotics arm
Algebraic and geometric in inverse kinematic
Visualizing kinect data on rviz
What are the different types of electric motors?
How to know the desired orientation of a quadcopter?
Kalman Filter and the state noise vector?
Where to start for the software side of Robotics?
LIDAR solutions
Robotic part to dispense candy
Transformation a robot in 2D?
Alternatives to Primesense depth cameras?
Can inverse dynamics control be regarded as a function?
How to rotate covariance?
24v dc to 12vdc converter
How much can realistically be drawn from a 25C max 50C battery?
What is meant by a speed profile?
Kalman Filter when states are not observable at the same time?
2D Map representation of GPS coordinates in degrees
Quadcopter forward speed
Using robotic simulator for prediction step in probabilistic localization approaches
NXT Segway problem. Need advice/help
differential drive PID controller
What kind of motor control can I implement if I cannot use an Encoder?
How to get prevent twisting of cables
Static equilibrium for 7 dof manipulator
Filling 30mL bottles with food-grade liquid
Grasshopper effect on a quadcopter with kk2.1.5
Controlling digital servos
how does poles and zeroes affect the step response of an transfer function?
How does a robot efficiently store a map it makes?
Can I reuse the hall sensors in a brushless motor as an encoder?
Why does microstepping give less torque?
world files for simulating roads and tracks
How frequently should a PID controller update?
How to make one robot follow the other in parallel formation
Different Particle Filter min and max particle numbers give almost the same result
How to request a specific Mavlink packet from Ardupilot?
Velocity Model Motion in Matlab (Probabilistic Robotics)
Controlling a system with PID that resists backdrive
Robot interaction language
Good method for Retuning a PID After Detecting Oscillation
What is the difference between screw and wrench in rigid body motion?
Kalman filter Issue - GPS Odometry Fusion
Cheapest centimeter accurate satellite positioning (GNSS/GPS)
Natural frequency computation (for PID gains computations)
PID in a system with pole at origin
Dynamic tracking precision of UR5/10
Quadcopter: Stabilization along the z-axis (for holding altitude)
Why models are not perfect to represent robotic environments?
How to get pure end-effector translation through Jacobian?
Ensemble Kalman Filter SLAM
Use linear quadratic regulator to minimize output error
What are some low cost alternatives for lidar?
Do simple, non-sonic, omni-directional rangefinding beacons exist?
Is increasing gyro , accelerometer sensor range is good or bad ? how does it affect the accuracy
Controlling multiple Arduinos wirelessly
What mechanical parts can be attached to DYJ48 stepper motor?
12V compressor and air pressure control
A general question about PID Controller
Controlling a 400W motor with 24V 16A batteries with an arduino board
Are there surface texture sensors for integration in circuits?
2D Robot Arm Inverse Kinematics with minimum joint loads
Implementing a torque-controlled method on a position-controlled robot
How can I power a wheel but let it spin freely when not under power?
How does Fliike Smiirl counter mechanism work
The aerial refueling problem: sketch of a feedback controller
Interfacing high-resolution image sensors with ARM Board
Pose estimation, how to populate set of known edges and points?
Understanding the Bode Plot
Dealing with position inaccuracy and latency in PID Loop
Difference between kinematic, dynamic and differential constraints
How to connect HC-sr04 ultrasonic sensor to APM 2.6?
BeagleBone - PRU questions
Stereo camera Vs Kinect
Are robotic pollenators being designed?
What is the difference between motion planning and trajectory generation?
How many methods can I use to acquire depth data?
Particle Filter Sampling Step
how to implement tracking problem with PID controller
Quadcopter Propeller size + Motor
How important are events like &quot;Robocup&quot; to the advancement of Robotics in general?
What BLDC servo drive takes sinusoidal hall sensor signals?
Connecting two microcontrollers using I2C
Suitable control algorithm for Air Muscle based joint?
Robot Serial Communication Error
Is there a place for posting &quot;look at what I did&quot; videos?
Choosing motors for 2 wheel drive robot
Using an IMU to build an INS
Kinect - Libfreenect vs OpenNI+SensorKinect
MMA7361 Accelerometer Always Displays Same Values
Check if task exists in Not eXactly C
PID line follow with three sensors in Not eXactly C
Good method for building a pan and tilt controller?
How many amps do I want my Switching BEC to provide?
Simple Neural Network with hardcoded positions for walk optimisation
How do I interpret this data, received by the I2C controller on an NXT 2 brick?
CNCing an injection mold
How to tell a stepper motor&#39;s position, or detect slippage
How do I select the best configuration for a known workspace, load and task?
One BEC for multiple ESC (Quadcopter)
Does anyone know what might be giving me this error coming from an i2c device
Charging multiple LiFePO4 batteries at the same time?
Perfecting Tripod Gait - Building a R-Hex Robot
Prototyping a device with 25-100 small DC 3.0V motors, is Arduino a good fit?
How to invert D-H parameters
Is there a way to use a single dc motor output for two different loads?
Is it possible to make Kite flying robot?
How to perform this reference system transformation?
Torque in kg/cm?
How to obtain stereo correspondences and what exactly is a disparity map?
Dynamic programming algorithm aka Bellman equation in Robotics?
Equation to limit rate of change of end-effector in X and Y coordinates
Can the rate of peristaltic pump&#39;s flow be accurate across changes in fluid viscosity?
Where does Gazebo set the GAZEBO_MODEL_PATH environment variable?
PID tuning to make my balancing robot better
Where can I get A3 poster size of Mars Exploration Rover Spirit/Opportunity?
Read Multiple Channels of RX-TX with arduino
How do I adjust objects on a conveyor belt into the proper orientation?
Is there a benefit to using 2 IMU units on a UAV set at different sensitivities?
Issues upgrading Arduino code for Kinect controlled arm from 2 servos to 4
Controlling Robots Through Serial
Non-Vision Based Target Tracking
How do I interpret these specs for a motor and motor driver?
Battery pack discharged
Multicopter odd or even
Arduino Controlled RC Car. What now?
Working of Autonomous Lawn mower(ALM) in an unbounded area without a perimeter wire
Building a Autonomous pesticide spraying system using swarm robotics based on odor (volatile Organic Compounds) detection
How to tell when an ArduPilot has finished initialising its gyros (without referencing telemetry)?
Wearable Accelerometor
Stream Real-time Video with Environmental Data Overlaid
Is a Raspberry Pi processor powerful enough for a mobile chatbot?
Most material efficient quadcopter frame
How are units of noise measurement related to units of a sensor&#39;s data measurement?
Help with adaptive fill algorithm for Water Color Painting Robot
