how to rip your own acapella
How do you produce an immersive soundtrack?
Is the Pro Tools Field Recorder Track feature only available in HD versions?
Each instrument in its own track - format and online resources?
Scales vs. Harmonic Notes
I have a 4.1 speaker system with a subwoofer. Can I use 2 speakers with the subwoofer instead of 4?
MixPre D (USB Audio Class compliant device) - Windows XP only shows outputs - no inputs!
Avantone CK-1 Mic
How to achieve 180 degree dispersion from one speaker cluster?(live pa)
Synthesize droning strings
Exporting audio in Nuendo five
Recording app with video playback / remote solution
Problem with Mounting Compact Flash from Sound Devices 702 to OS X
How do I connect Zoom recorder to Yamaha mixer?
Sound Design Journals on genre
Is there a way to connect a FireWire audio interface to a USB port?
How can i prevent/reduce bass trapping?
Using an unpowered microphone on a mixer board?
How can I control the patch in cubase 5?
How to shift frequency of whole audio file?
Recording clean sounds as a base for SFX
Looking for a compact light-weight Mono power amplifier
Is there such a thing as Balanced stereo cable?
Approximate the Sound Forge &quot;RMS Normalize&quot; function using Sox?
Room Frequency Hum
USB/Midi controller on Ubuntu Linux?
CuBase LE 5 Static Noises
Importing an AAF file into Protools 9
Sound Effect made on vocal and guitar
hellp setting up mixer and headphone amp
No sound in VST &amp; Audio (Cubase LE 5)
Designing the sound of a 20&quot; *ahem*... &quot;Member&quot;
Creating percussion from found sounds?
How to record a cajon without it sounding terrible?
Topics to be covered in a sound design video tutorial?
What basic hardware should I get for a beginner at audio recording with low budget?
Looking for film sound design school in Europe
Microphone becomes inactive when I open a new project in cubase
Compress more than once? (VO multi-mix)
How is this sound created?
VST plugin that hosts VST plugins
Wave synthesizer software
Noise Reduction when recording changes volume
Removing Vocals: Logic Pro X
Why is loudness war and mp3 bad?
Room tone/Ambience/Atmosphere loudness question
Storing ambiences in to a post-prodution house library
Post-production houses needs in ambiences?
(First) Hardware setup for ambient
Need software-based, resonant filter for 90&#39;s ROMpler
Sony PCM-M10 for ambient recording while WALKING
What do you use for passbys?
Location Recording Use USB Audio Interface and DAW
Is &quot;level&quot; control amplifying or attenuating?
I&#39;m designing a sonic output device which must contain a piezoelectric crystal
Are drums often quantized in modern jazz recordings?
Is my application a Patchbay or Mixer?
Does anybody know this voice effect?
How to sample songs in my headphones without it playing through speakers/monitors?
Bluetooth: best way to set volume
How can I fix/reset my MIDI setup?
Fixing low-frequency hum in an undersaddle acoustic guitar pickup
Convert FL Studio time to just Ticks
How does A/B montage works?
Recordings less than 4 seconds long are &quot;ignored&quot; in Pro Tools
Adobe Audition CS6 turning off playback while recording
flstudio reduce chord length
What is the lead synth in Lizardking&#39;s remake of Claustrophobia?
How to create a transparent multiband splitter?
(SDL) Mixing 2 audio files with no noise or distortion
How to setup microphone with pre-amp for general purpose PC input use as well as audio recording?
DVDs with Original Theatrical Mix for Reference?
How do expensive headphones compare to cheaper ones?
What is a &#39;noise sweep&#39;?
How to route signal to another application from a Sapphire Pro 24
Matching ADR with original Dialogue
creating a deep voice with a sample
I wold like to draw audio stereo workflow chart for broadcast television
Good tutorials for unity
Retaining Metadata in .aif to .wav Conversion?
Copy metadata description field from soundminer to BWAV
&#39;Tripwire&#39; sound design
How to get hi-hats in FL studio rewire in cubase?
How do I record multiple mics to a computer without a mixer?
sound design effect
Where would midi cables connect FROM 2 synth wk stations into an interface
Sound Request.  Young Kids Talking to Parent
Newbie and don&#39;t know where to start with FL Studio
FL Studio strange wobbly sound
Protools DAE 9126 error.
Why some people high pass and low pass in final mixing? And why some don&#39;t?
How can I configure a computer to take 1/4&quot; or XLR input without it sounding like I&#39;m using toasters as AV equipment?
Splitting up multiple inputs on one soundcard
Beginner Recorder with onboard mics for on location/foley recording
What&#39;s audio equivalent of FPS in video, and what&#39;s the current limit of capturing the maximum?
Will multiple similar bluetooth devices interfere with each other?
Recording microphone input as a second input with Fraps
Basic all digital mixing and audio interface home recording solution
Sound Design: How would you create this pluck?
FL studio route one mixer track to another
how to rip your own acapella
How do you produce an immersive soundtrack?
Is the Pro Tools Field Recorder Track feature only available in HD versions?
Each instrument in its own track - format and online resources?
Scales vs. Harmonic Notes
I have a 4.1 speaker system with a subwoofer. Can I use 2 speakers with the subwoofer instead of 4?
MixPre D (USB Audio Class compliant device) - Windows XP only shows outputs - no inputs!
Avantone CK-1 Mic
How to achieve 180 degree dispersion from one speaker cluster?(live pa)
Synthesize droning strings
Exporting audio in Nuendo five
Recording app with video playback / remote solution
Problem with Mounting Compact Flash from Sound Devices 702 to OS X
How do I connect Zoom recorder to Yamaha mixer?
Sound Design Journals on genre
Is there a way to connect a FireWire audio interface to a USB port?
How can i prevent/reduce bass trapping?
Using an unpowered microphone on a mixer board?
How can I control the patch in cubase 5?
How to shift frequency of whole audio file?
Recording clean sounds as a base for SFX
Looking for a compact light-weight Mono power amplifier
Is there such a thing as Balanced stereo cable?
Approximate the Sound Forge &quot;RMS Normalize&quot; function using Sox?
Room Frequency Hum
USB/Midi controller on Ubuntu Linux?
CuBase LE 5 Static Noises
Importing an AAF file into Protools 9
Sound Effect made on vocal and guitar
hellp setting up mixer and headphone amp
No sound in VST &amp; Audio (Cubase LE 5)
Designing the sound of a 20&quot; *ahem*... &quot;Member&quot;
Creating percussion from found sounds?
How to record a cajon without it sounding terrible?
Topics to be covered in a sound design video tutorial?
What basic hardware should I get for a beginner at audio recording with low budget?
Looking for film sound design school in Europe
Microphone becomes inactive when I open a new project in cubase
Compress more than once? (VO multi-mix)
How is this sound created?
VST plugin that hosts VST plugins
Wave synthesizer software
Noise Reduction when recording changes volume
Removing Vocals: Logic Pro X
Why is loudness war and mp3 bad?
Room tone/Ambience/Atmosphere loudness question
Storing ambiences in to a post-prodution house library
Post-production houses needs in ambiences?
(First) Hardware setup for ambient
Need software-based, resonant filter for 90&#39;s ROMpler
Sony PCM-M10 for ambient recording while WALKING
What do you use for passbys?
Location Recording Use USB Audio Interface and DAW
Is &quot;level&quot; control amplifying or attenuating?
I&#39;m designing a sonic output device which must contain a piezoelectric crystal
Are drums often quantized in modern jazz recordings?
Is my application a Patchbay or Mixer?
Does anybody know this voice effect?
How to sample songs in my headphones without it playing through speakers/monitors?
Bluetooth: best way to set volume
How can I fix/reset my MIDI setup?
Fixing low-frequency hum in an undersaddle acoustic guitar pickup
Convert FL Studio time to just Ticks
How does A/B montage works?
Recordings less than 4 seconds long are &quot;ignored&quot; in Pro Tools
Adobe Audition CS6 turning off playback while recording
flstudio reduce chord length
What is the lead synth in Lizardking&#39;s remake of Claustrophobia?
How to create a transparent multiband splitter?
(SDL) Mixing 2 audio files with no noise or distortion
How to setup microphone with pre-amp for general purpose PC input use as well as audio recording?
DVDs with Original Theatrical Mix for Reference?
How do expensive headphones compare to cheaper ones?
What is a &#39;noise sweep&#39;?
How to route signal to another application from a Sapphire Pro 24
Matching ADR with original Dialogue
creating a deep voice with a sample
I wold like to draw audio stereo workflow chart for broadcast television
Good tutorials for unity
Retaining Metadata in .aif to .wav Conversion?
Copy metadata description field from soundminer to BWAV
&#39;Tripwire&#39; sound design
How to get hi-hats in FL studio rewire in cubase?
How do I record multiple mics to a computer without a mixer?
sound design effect
Where would midi cables connect FROM 2 synth wk stations into an interface
Sound Request.  Young Kids Talking to Parent
Newbie and don&#39;t know where to start with FL Studio
FL Studio strange wobbly sound
Protools DAE 9126 error.
Why some people high pass and low pass in final mixing? And why some don&#39;t?
How can I configure a computer to take 1/4&quot; or XLR input without it sounding like I&#39;m using toasters as AV equipment?
Splitting up multiple inputs on one soundcard
Beginner Recorder with onboard mics for on location/foley recording
What&#39;s audio equivalent of FPS in video, and what&#39;s the current limit of capturing the maximum?
Will multiple similar bluetooth devices interfere with each other?
Recording microphone input as a second input with Fraps
Basic all digital mixing and audio interface home recording solution
Sound Design: How would you create this pluck?
FL studio route one mixer track to another
&quot;Stoker&quot; - sound design moves background to foreground
How to configure Lexicon Omega as a main soundcard?
logic midi note duplication and mapping between tracks in logic pro x
FX REQUEST: Jamaican Walla + Stingers
Using a Rode NTG-2 Shotgun with a Marantz PMD 661
Opinions re: modular mics and Neumann KM modular series
What hardware do I need to feed samples + click to a drummer and samples only to the mixer?
Manipulating sound files (remove &quot;temple background&quot; sound)
How can I make this sound with Sylenth1 or Massive? (FL STUDIO)
Sound Design on Tribes: Ascend - Part 3
How to reproduce a guitar sound
Medieval skirmish loops
Mavericks and pro tools 9
How is this mix so clean?
Shortwave Radio as a Sound Source
How do you identify clicks and pops in a spectral analysis?
WAV file recorded with wrong header
Is anyone using an iPhone/Pad/Pod to record from a MixPre-D&#39;s USB output?
Using a cellphone to record on set
Transcoding detection
DPA 4060s-ways of placing them during field recording
Opus vs MP3 (Size &amp; Quality Comparison)
Live control of rewired application parameter using MIDI controller in Ableton
Conceptualising sound FX for a short film that has a gaming vibe.
MP3-format - how the quality is affected
Dialogue Record with Zoom H4N and 2 Shotgun
Sony PCM-M10: safety track?
Can you force a mic/input to be one channel on Mac OS?
What bag do you use for your field recorder?
Connect two separate Surround Sound Speakers with one Laptop
best settings to record indoor interview using Zoom H5 recorder and 2 external mics
How would you recreate this bass kick sound?
Lossless convert WMA to WAV on a mac
can you help me identify the vintage synths used in this opening of the pilot episode of Dino Riders
What vocal effects do these heavy metal bands use for live shows
Fostex FM3 Field Mixer
How do I sync a Mac and Windows laptop running Ableton Live?
Mixing 5.1 sound for film
Multiple loop phrases in Ableton looper?
how to use 2 shotgun mics for videocam with external mic input
Best Way Add Dynamics to Sustained MIDI Note
abelton does not pick up the microphone connected to my mackie profx8
Sound coming from behind using stereo field
Editing field recordings
Mbox 2 mini and mac mavericks (mac osx 10.9) not working properly
How to set the Zoom H4N for recording with external mic &amp; lav? 
Game commentating with two microphone headsets
Roland E-16 Midi Out
How can I make 3d sound
VST Plugins for creating MIDI Notes (Ableton)
How to wire a mono signal to a stereo jack so both channels are the same
Is there a restart via gate type option in FM8?
Is there a name for the trailing &quot;hiss&quot; sound that people produce when pronoucing plurals?
Why does one side of my headphones always break?
Reason: Why do my songs sound dull and soft?
How can I change the sound keeping the arpeggio in cubase?
How do you work around Izotope Iris losing it&#39;s midi controller assignments?
Panasonic WM-61a or other DIY solution for recording human voice?
Help making this cool guitar sort of lead
Field recording with android phone and external preamp/help testing
Chords lead help
How do I combine several instruments into one Line In, in live performance?
Is it correct using of LAME mp3 encoder?
How to hook up my Win XP laptop (w/ Audacity) to a cafe&#39;s Mackie 1604 soundboard? How to record individual tracks through it?
Foley sampler instrument - Some questions to sound designers
 setting a session for dialogue editing (question about John Purcell book) 
Creating noise using signal to noise ratio
Just bought a new AKG C214 mic
Is there a keyboard shortcut to scroll through matching field recorder channels?
Demo Reel feedback for student
Kontakt player not available as a Pro Tools 11 plugin
how can I be a professional producer
Lightweight stand for portable recorder
Line in 5/6 sounds awful
pro tools midi controller vertical edit window scrolling
Is it possible to create a &quot;Vocal Pad&quot; with just synthesizers?
DIY Aquaphone material selection
Lav mic mounting tips
Can I edit sound as fourier transformations?
FMOD Studio/Wwise vs Unity 5/UE4 Audio?
Blue Yeti USB microphone - frying mosquitoes noise
Double playback issue in reaper after fresh install
Play from beginning in Ableton Live 9
How To: Record Foliage/Trees
Effects in Adobe Audition to make a voice sound like it&#39;s coming from inside a body / in your head
Sound Design: Creating Painful Headaches
What is the effect of impedance on headphone sound quality?
How can I synthesize iterated rippled noise stimuli?
How do I fix clipping with the backup track?
How to restrict the dynamic range of a vocal without thickening it?
Do we need any driver to connect microphone to laptop or android phone using xlr to usb connector?
What type of mics for recording foley?
Lightweight Portable Sound Recorder?
HEADPHONES choice - Audio Technica M40x vs Senheiser HD 558 vs Sony MDR-7506
How can I automatically turn off track monitoring during playback?
Difference between 3.5mm and quarter inch plug?
Is Garage Band a viable tool for home recording?
Amplifier output doubt
Disable alt+mouse zoom in Logic?
Why is Pro Tools the industry standard in high end audio production?
Earbud recommendations?
Is it possible to import Ableton Live&#39;s sound libraries into Logic Pro?
How to record audio directly from a preamp using a regular android smartphone?
Edit mp3 file: remove clacks and noise
Drum shielding: Budget solution for back screen -- what materials will absorb high frequency well and are cheap?
Permission and Legality for using others&#39; sound design videos on my website
using many USB inputs
How do you use gain effectively?
Foucsrite Scarlett 2i2 and Windows 7
Why does Zoom H4N insist that the card is full?
Sample-accurate AIFF to WAV conversion on Mac OSX
Why aren&#39;t all-pass filters used for rinnging out mics?
Ableton Live External MIDI Sync and Audio Samples
Could wind damage electret condensor mics?
How can I salvage a live recording taken with an intermittent microphone?
None of my recent synths (2000 onwards) have MIDI Thru. Why?
Zoom H4N - Opinions?
Line Level vs Mic Level?
Zoom H4N audio recorded on canon eos 6D directly
How to physically feel audio
What audio usb interface do I need to play guitar pro with guitar rig?
Is there any difference over using an optical jack over RCA in a 2.1 set?
New sound designer/field recordist heading out on US tour. Any suggestions?
Sampling frequency
Son wants to major in Sound Design
What connector buffet should I have in my kit?
When will films be mixed at 96K?
Does the Logic X Legacy and Compatibility content overwrite the new content?
Advice On Selling Sound Libraries
No sound from Liquid Saffire 56 on OS X
24 bit vs 16 bit for midi samples
How important is perspective for FX recording
Designing earcons for the web - mainly notifications
Low electronic noise in my audio
Can I place a DI box between my amplifier and my guitar cabinet to record my signal?
Making R2D2 sounds with Korg iMS20 or Korg DS10
Izotope RX and Pro Tools : Audio Device Error
Is album ReplayGain on two separate tracks equal to track ReplayGain on the same two tracks concatenated?
Feedback loop frequency
Building a modern radio studio
How do I find the common audio between mp3 audio tracks?
midi problems audio/midi interface
How do you combine boom mic track with lav mic track for best dialog?
Anybody know software to record one side of a SIP telephone conversation?
Difference between internal sound card and Audio interface in simple setups
Convert wav with multiple data chunk to single data chunk
How crucial is recording with timecode?
Jam syncing TC from SD 744T to the Arri Alexa
Would you rather use flat headphones for monitoring?
Light up Cicigarette/Cigar sfx
What type of filter is the &quot;French Low Pass Filter&quot;?
What&#39;s the wackiest software filter out there?
Audacity causing unwanted artifacts for high frequency sounds
Hook up home theatre subwoofer to Cubase Elements 7 / Saffire Pro 40 rig?
Free Level Meter Plug-in
Getting arrangable bars out of bad drum timing in pro tools
Optimal 5.1 monitoring system for videomaker
Deep house mid range type of pads
Can noise be reduced by 7 decibels with a curtain?
The number of bytes Sound::readData gets doesn&#39;t match the results Sound::getLength and getFormat get
Is behringer c-2 fit in my situation?
Recreating a synthesizer
Creating a DLS (soundfont/soundbank)
Wind damaging microphones
Wacom Tablet or Lemur (ipad) for sound design
What are the biggest challenges in Acoustic Event Detection?
Different Pro Tools errors - and what do they actually mean?
2 guitars mic&#39;d, 1 vocal mic, 7 drum mics through behringer mx2442a. want to send different mix to 3 seperate headests
Impedance for amp and speaker combo
Question about &quot;Gain Control&quot; when using field mixer on recording dialogue
Can sounds I can&#39;t hear be dectected and recorded?
Converting Protools 10 to Protools 9 without losing anything
Are flat-eq monitors actually necessary?
Hiss and noise from amplifier... With no speakers connected
VST .wav Player
Does iRig work with old Mac Air 2008 with OS X 10.6.8?
How did the band America get the distortion for the guitar solo in Sandman?
How do you keep a tracklay session tidy?
Calculating compression output with a knee
Why are these two recordings of the same event slightly different in length and how do I synchronize them?
How to make a powering up shield sound
Using Mac/PC as an amp modeler and recorder
Looking for inspiration to create a &quot;swarm sound&quot;
List/chart of effects of frequencies on body/brain?
PROAIM BMP60 thoughts
What audio interface is this?
I&#39;m looking for: Theatrical sound design theory
SD Cards for H4N
Can our website automatically apply background music to a recording made via the site?
How is this technique called with ethernet cable to stage
Maximum frequency of monaural beat frequency?
Pulse wave duty cycle
seeking prison fx and ambience libraries
sound quality difference between USB cables
Recording slamming doors?
How to treat all audio as &quot;one shot&quot; in Acid Pro 7 and disable tempo
Laptop audio out to mixing board 30&#39; away
How can I share a short clip (portion) from a podcast to Facebook, Twitter etc.?
Mix sounds terrible in PC, while it actually sounded good with headphones in other devices
Reducing noise and crackling from wires
Using blue tooth or wireless wifi to send audio to camera from recorder
Trouble creating Punching SFX
The ways to improve a piano recording production
What essentials are needed to have a small bedroom studio to make music?
Period entertainer&#39;s microphones from the 50&#39;s &amp; 60&#39;s
Difference between Soundminer HD and V4
Sound system noise from lighting system
DIY solution for recording breathing sounds?
Sound Design: any sound effects library with rolling ball bearing sounds?
Tips on creating synthesized sounds? (Examples included)
Gunshot Sound Design
Can&#39;t hear any sound after I plugged my preamp properly
How to make back vocals sound like this?
standing waves in strings
Sound spatialisation tool. Would this be useful?
USB input high-pitched whine
JJJJJOOOP.. sound
Wav file matching
Modding a Zoom H5 and its Shotgun Mic: possible?
African American Walla
How to wire up a Sennheiser MKE-2 for use with Lectrosonics SMV Transmitters
OpenSource audio cue editor / controller for live theater show?
When to apply noise reduction? Before or after other processing?
If I want to use a microphone with a portable mini amp, will a preamp/mixer significantly improve the sound quality? This is for small live gigs
A condenser mic gain tuning on a mixer
Merging multiple sound fonts
Talking underwater effect replication
Miking a grand piano
Piano vibration recording
Plug in suggestion
Is there a way to copy my panning pattern from one audio file to another?
The absolutely simplest music production software for a complete beginner
How can I stop slicex from taking out the channel settings?
How to make a exponential fade that doesn&#39;t start from 0 db
Radiofrequency hearing
Audio interface or Mixer with built-in audio interface?
Can&#39;t get rid of this humming noise in recordings
How would you recreate this ascending sound effect?
Are there any free reverse delay AU plugins
recording motorcycle
Should I use 44.1KHz, 48KHz or 96KHZ sampling frequency for hobby projects?
Is it legal to record my school band concert and give the attendees CDs?
TouchOSC controlling two different devices
What is the relationship between a speaker&#39;s magnet size the speaker&#39;s wattage rating?
Where can I find free sound effects?
What was the instrument the guitarist used for recording the track?
Why Are Professional Sound Libraries So Noisy?
Passive Speakers connected to a mixer
Microphone isn&#39;t picked up!
Multiple IEM mixes / multiple transmitters?
Normalization in Field Recording and Sound Design.
Filter Reverb and Echo at the time of recording in Audacity or any other software
Low  frequency snake repellant
How can I make the nastiest fingernails-on-blackboard type sound (not electronic)?
Weird noises coming from EVERYWHERE
What&#39;s the difference of frequency sets for 10 band equalizers?
When does playing 320 Kbps MP3 instead of FLAC matter?
How do you separate inputs on the zoom H4n so you can adjust each mic level 
How to record Reason5 output
Finding loud events in lengthy ambient recording?
How to record my Mackie digitally via USB?
Low ambient noise in silent sections
Cubase, midi device and Latency
Can you help deconstruct this SFX?
Sending word clock to camera from sound device 722
Any documentary films on Sound Design in Film?
Does professional quality stereo to mono conversion require a special adapter
Windows (freeware) audio plugin framework?
Good value sound card for low MIDI latency?
pro tools 9 audio post production - matching alternates production sound
How do I properly test an analogue desk?
Questions asked during video game job interviews?
Festival requests DCP with mix level changes
The relevance of 5.1 ambiences
How to generate a 1 minute long mp3 file with a bump of frequency change in 5s?
Audio lags / drop-outs across the whole system (Windows 7 SP1)
How do I audio record a meeting with 10 people in a room 10ftx10ft
Free Linux tool to convert FLV to MP3
Are there any simple VST hosts that accept Open Sound Control?
What gear is necessary to start vocal recording?
What is a telephone pick-up coil used for?
How to record on a smartphone using XLR mic and guitar simultaneously?
How do you remove white noise from recordings?
How can I get stereo input to my video camera from mono source?
Recording room ambience
How to export MIDI with foot controller in Acid Pro 7
Beat detection and alignment
What are the sources of signal loss in cables and their connections?
What are the most common text-based music/audio notation systems?
How to go about synthesising this type of sound?
Best Mic for baritone vocals?
Quality issues recording with Audacity
having an issue in unity3d (free version) where an audio source is not being affected by reverb zones.. reverb bypass is disabled.. anyone?
How to make money with sound design.
Add white noise to silence
How can I make a sound appear to come from a direction?
Need some advice, first time project
Hearing the AUX send mono signal on both ears of stereo headset or speakers
Export from garageband to audacity
What does GarageBand have compared to Audacity?
File format and settings for speech recording with small file size and keeping a decent quality
how to get rid of a loud buzzing noise when I try to record?
Tools, tips, tricks to avoid that &quot;Machine gun&quot; effect when designing sounds
Is GarageBand not part of OSX anymore?
Are There Song-Length Limitations in GarageBand 09?
Boost volume of track in GarageBand
garageband splice 10 second clips
URGENT sound of wrinkled audio tape interrupting playback
How to do frequency or spectral subtraction of two audio tracks?
Are there &quot;professional&quot; single input external sound cards?
Which sounds in history would you like to have been able to record?
Which is more difficult to work with: linear or interactive media?
Using Original m-BOX with Garageband and OS 10.6.8
Pro Tools and playback
Favorite Alien / Monster Vocalisations In Film 
Replicating a fat, clicky electric-bass
Name and examples for the tinnitus effect after explosions in films
Convert sfz to sf2 via command line
Rendering Microsoft wavetable output with Reaper
ASIO driver not producing sound (cant figure this out, plz help)
Utilities to output better sounds via MIDI for live performance
Is there a losslessly compressed audio file?
What would sound sound like at the speed of sound? 
Do I need an adapter or also a transformer for a Japanese Roland SH-101?
Which gear to use to get dark and ambient techno / house sounds?
Distort 70s b-movie tracks to make it sound as a movie that has been laying around for too long or been played too often
Sound Design: Elevator
I want to learn how to make electronic music. Where do I start?
How can I have get rid of having delay while recording?
Pitch correction on pitch correction
Mixing for Cinema in Home Studio
Most Reliable Audio Gear Resources?
Sound Devices 744t - Preamp / Self noise or Mic?
Recipe for producing a sub bass that is both loud and rattles shelves?
How do I use the Insert I/O on my Behringer Mixer?
Inches vs Watts on speakers, what does it mean? What is the difference?
Wobbly synth sound
behringer xenyx 302usb with C1, volume is too low
Sound Effects Editing Workflow in Logic
Preventing tangled mic cables
Telinga EM23 vs Line Audio CM3 vs DPA 4060
Help on programming this synthesizer sound?
How to capture very low volume sounds?
What is the Sampling + license?
problems with Tascam DR-680 freezing up
Neutrik XLR 1/4&quot; Combo Jacks and Phantom Power
Reasons to NOT use FLStudio as DAW
Effect Identification: Dan Kurtz&#39;s electric bass (chorus and ring modulator maybe?)
In Logic Pro X is there a way to split the output of an audio track to two tracks (live)?
How can I make 3D binaural sound in an automated way?
Does a Headphone Amp Increase Output Volume?
Multi core batch volume gain
Keeping or altering walla in M&amp;E&#180;s
How can wav sample formats be predicted?
What is the name for an audio splitter that mutes one output if the other is connected?
How can I find the audible difference between a flac audio and it&#39;s corresponding mp3 file
Why does public speaking setup often include multiple microphones?
How to find non-audible (&quot;subliminal&quot;) messages by using Audacity?
Speakers hissing, even when no audio cable plugged in
Conveying Emotion in Non-audible and audible sounds
Sound Design for Games
Do studio monitors need an audio interface?
How to connect my guitar to my pc for under &#163;20?
5 loudest and 5 softest points in an audio file
Environments / DAWs for writing scripts to process audio files
Troubleshooting amp clicking and muting the speakers
Making dialog appear &quot;distant&quot;
Tascam DR-44 WL for sound effects gathering
Why is a pop filter necessary?
Will audio interfaces power any headphones?
Ableton DNB mixdown (Synth db Levels)
Pro tools 10 crossfade shortcut
Best free online Pro Tools beginner tutorials
Getting back into composing. What should I look for in an audio interface to connect my monitors to my PC/ laptop?
How can I reproduce a similar synth sound as in &quot;Netzwerk&quot; (Klangkarussell)?
AC3 stereo fold down
How to join two sound interfaces?
Program for mixing multiple inputs and outputting to single stream
Why is my mix sounding dull and amateurish?
How can I remove one speaking voice from a video that has another speaking voice I&#39;d like to keep
Baby voice-over
Goddess Voice Mix
Track Configuration Pane in Cubase is GONE
Is there anyway to change the tempo in Logic Pro X?
Combine two mono mics into one stereo signal, such that each mic gets its own channel (left and right)
What is Abstract Sound Design?
WHat hi hat is it?
How do you get &quot;midi through&quot; to work on Focusrite USB interface with Reaper?
Relevance of digital recording and mixing techniques to analogue equipment
How to stop USB Audio Interface distorting sound in Ubuntu?
Are there any Audio Interfaces supporting USB 3.0? If not, why?
Highlight peaking parts on a waveform?
Input output devices listed as inactive in device set up (Cubase 5)
Voice editing for anime video games
How to cut music for a trailer?
Mixing a patterrned, complicated sound, without separating its components
sound design a scene where different radio programs playing at same time
What is the best shape for passive sound amplification
Headphones vibrate annoyingly with bass?
Resonator guitar pickup
How would one &quot;morph&quot; human vocals with a bat scream?
Canned Laughter SFX
Recording multiple songs that share channel settings and characteristics
Capture sound waves
Pursuing a career in Game Audio Programming
Recording video on external camera/device, and syncing with Pro Tools
Need help cleaning, and editing sound effects using multiple mics
Compressor vs Volume
Multiplying a single sound effect
Volume treatment in WAV (PCM) file
I can&#39;t hear 18k in Audio Technica ATH-M50x headphones. Why?
Why do we need ground connection on balanced cable?
Recreating a voice using a Vocodor
Best speakers to simulate Iphone playback?
Best sounding podcast
Deadlines of Post-Production
Wobbly sound FL Studio
How do speakers which are silent from the back work?
Looping mp3 in Flash / Actionscript
How many samples are in a frame?
Determining the consistency of the BPM of a track
SD 702 or Mixpre-D field recording upgrade path
I want to know how to shout into my mic without distortion
Am I missing something about how to turn on my new (used) H4n?
Will my film mixed in stereo 2.0 play in Dolby 5.1/ 7.0 theater?
What are good alternatives to studio foam for a home studio?
Sound Synthesis from object collision in Virtual Reality Environment
Remove irritating low hum from recording
Please recommend movie titles
2 khz noise in neighborhood
Is it safe to use a stereo cable to carry dual mono audio?
48kHz vs 44.1 kHz
Logic Pro - How to delete an empty MIDI section?
What can I research to back up my sound design?
Creating walla from dialogue
Acapella for a remix - Warp or chop?
Record Sound from Directional Speakers
How much of an effect does gain structure have on feedback?
Pre-amp/Mixer or USB Interface for vocals?
Noise Removal in Dialogue editing vs mixing
MIDI bytes and their MSB
Slot Machine Synth Tone
best quality of recording synthesizer
How to connect my iPad Air and my Yamaha CP4 Stage Piano?
Sony PCM-M10 with a shotgun mic?
What sound level units range from -1 to 1?
Tree Grown Sound Effect (Tree Ents in LoTR)
How to encode custom multitrack surround WAV in LogicPro9 or Reaper?
Spotting to timeline with blank regions before recording/editing sfx
Stealth Recording in Airports
We are putting speakers in the trees in parks and need some design suggestions for systems
Who is the king of the portable field recorders?
Designing the sound of cities in a positive way. Any Ideas?
Who is recording in 24/192kHz?
Is there sound quality loss in 6mm to 3.5mm TRS adapter?
Which shotguns mics should I consider for capturing SFX?
Why do mp3 have sample rate?
Can I use an AKG WMS40 wireless system to transmit a signal coming from a headphone jack?
Where can I find a 3.5mm female receiver?
Using balanced audio to feed stereo monitor input with in ear monitoring?
Bassline Not Audible on Laptop Speakers
How to mic a sleeping baby&#39;s breathing?
Something likke the kX Project but for Realtek audio
How to connect 1/4&quot; audio jacks to my current setup
Best Sound in Horror/Thriller Films?
Audacity records only 1 channel, inspite of being set to stereo
*newbie alert* looking for a good course to start learning sound design
How to use signal from one midi track to transpose another midi track in Reaper?
Can I use the sync voltage, OR the audio output from a Korg Volca to control a Moog Little Phatty CV input?
Are there any resources where I might be able to find post sound DAW screenshots for well known film and tv content?
Stereo wavs unwantedly combined to polyphonic wav
How do I fix the latency issue when recording through M-AUDIO Fast Track Pro USB Audio Interface?
Need help creating this squidgy sqaure lead sound please ! Thanks in advance :
Distort voice with free software?
Free batch conversion from FLAC to Apple Lossless (ALAC)?
Given multiple audio files, can I extract background music that has different sound effects over it?
New venue, new live sound requirements
Getting a sub bass and a 808 kick to play well together?
High impedance headphone for MacBook without an amp?
Origin of the traditional Hollywood silencer sound?
What is the &quot;level&quot; of Frequency Modulation of many synthesizers?
Identification of VOX/ADPCM-like format needed
How can I make a sub bass that can be heard (at least a bit) on even on crappy systems?
can you power the speakers through the same 3.5mm jack that you use to send sound to the speakers?
pro tools auto generated regions
Does the shape of an acoustic/vocal booth matter for maximum isolation?
What EQ&#39;s have an octave notch?
Looking to make a smooth pitch bend in Logic [Audio FIle]
Will Pro Tools remember the pan automation, if
Solo Audio Track with DIfferent meter reading from Master?
creating your sound workshop
Volkswagen transporter t3 (vanagon) - sound
How can I record my singing voice the way I hear it?
Group conference call, struggling with audio. Better mic suggestions? Multiple mics?
Help editing audio file for android Game
Sound Psychology an explanation
Is there a standard panning compromise?
Looking for sound effects of old vintage cars, circa 1950&#39;s to 1960&#39;s
Is it possible to remove the Pro Tools Unique ID from an audio file?
Input Distortion on Zoom H4N
feeling of Height of sound source
What is the difference between XLR and JACK out?
How to make the &quot;Trumpet&quot; lead in this track?
How to dress when recording Foleys?
Reaktor tutorials/book recommendations?
Samson GTrack USB mic on Windows 7
Automatically Removing Duplicate Files in SoundMiner
Solving strange effects in audio waveforms
Making a &quot;Gears turning&quot; Effect, and then grinding to a halt
Can instrument effects pedals be used for (live) vocals?  Either at mic level or line level?
help with a string like no other
Replacement for Sony PCM D50?
Condensor Microphones diaphrams facing each other
Extend pen drawing sound from 1s to 2.5s
Water resistance microphone for an outdoor kiosk
Make the sound of gears grinding to a halt?
Transpose a track 6 octaves in Ableton Live in realtime
Sound changes pitch upon converting and playback
How do i create a Godzilla style roar and some giant sounding footsteps?
Beamforming microphones to isolate individual performers in a group
Ableton Mastering: Is It Recommended That I Use Maximizers/Limiters Before Everything Else?
What are the benefits of using ASIO (Audio Interface)?
Amazon Echo - Woofer above Tweeter in Speakers
Guitar amp sound distorted when miked up
Metadata for Sound Ideas / Detroit Chop Shop FX included with Final Cut Studio
Can you use an MBOX or other Audio Interface without a computer? Also, make your own portable recorder or mixer or both?
Does anyone know what instrument this is!???! (Used in Video Provided in LInk)
Is it normal to get this much background noise (no ambient noise) when recording to a PC?
Removing pop sounds and heavy breathing from male&#39;s voice
Mic pre on Tascam DR 40 vs. mBox?
sound in various animations
how do I make my voice higher without becoming a chipmunk?
podcast with multiple mics, linux os: should i run the mics through an audio interface/mixer or connect both to pc using virtual audio cable?
Recording electric guitar with+without effects
Eye gouging noise
Can you plan field recording to avoid flight patterns / air traffic?
Audio pre-production
Free tools for normalizing the volume within a single track
Kontakt or other sampler/synth software for sound design ? 
Tips for Mastering my Track in Ableton Live
Zoom H2 - blank screen
gift ideas for an aspiring sound designer
DIY Christmas SFX - any ideas?
Why would I get background noise but only in the negative cycles? (on CAD U1 USB mic)
Miking an upright bass
What does &#39;Poles&#39; mean in relation to a filter?
Monitoring MIDI Input from external Roland A-500PRO Controller
Correct film crediting
mp3 encoding on command line: lame or ffmpeg - which is better?
fake rainfall in a stage setting
Someone being pulled from a shallow pit
Multiple audio sources to monitoring speakers
Amp for Focusrite 2i2 and Beyerdynamic DT 770 (250 ohms)
How to create a Acid Synth Stab sound?
Why is the lowest null frequency half the lowest peak frequency?
Is less compression better?
Microphone for six year old
Other than buffer size and sample rate, which other variants (hardware and/or software) play a role in latency?
How long is too long for a library ambience?
Choosing a balance between soundtrack and voice
Really weird DIY shotgun mic (old, yes, but I just found it again...)
LAME bitrate and lowpass filters
Mouth and nose noises on M&amp;E&#180;s: helps or harms?
sound design for a quiet room
Assigning a numerical value to clarity
Increase volume of sound without introducing noise
Tension sounds like…
Opinions on this little sound logo?
Best sound to use for ringtone
Is mains conditioning necessary to protect equipment?
Do M-Audio MIDI controllers (Axiom, Oxygen, etc.) work with OS X Yosemite?
Minimal length required for a human to register a sound
Oxygen 2014 yosemite
big delay in ProTools Agregate I/O
Reference movies for mastering
Change organ registration in middle of piece in Logic Pro X
I want the perfect gun sound, can I make it myself ? Any tip/theory ?
New to recording. Would like to make tutorials with recorded speech. Would like recommendations
Recording multiple tracks with a analog mixer
Sounds design with video seq and DAW
Can I convert Sibelius into MusicXML or any other free format with only free tools?
Replicating &quot;computer readout&quot; sound
Multichannel soundeffects / different perspectives
Good Outdoor GunTails libraries for Convolution use
Production Dialogue -- point at face or chest?
Time code audio tracks in DAW?
What websites/forums should I go to for critique?
Type of hard disk for mixing?
5.1 DVD Audio Formats
Mouth noises: removal by hand or izotope 3 declicker?
Indoor Mic Conundrum
Is it possible to split a mixed track into two tracks if I have a complete sample of one?
KRK (or any other) nearfield recommendation for game audio
Sterling ST55 vs. Sterling ST59
Using Pro Tools for spoken word
Blue Yeti Humming sound
Steve Angello - BASS STYLE?
How to remove keys on a Roland XP-80?
How can I blend a voice recording more in with an instrumental track in Adobe Audition?
There is static when I export video where there is none in editing (premiere pro)
Singer having issues with too much feedback and or being not heard well over very loud band in small rehearsal spaces
Disclosure Pad Sound
Using a crossfader in a passive circuit
Izotope Iris and Pro Tools 11 Issue?
How do I get into sound design?
My instruments sound muffled on consumer gear and radio, even though it sounds okay in the studio? What can I do to fix it and why is it like this?
Save resulting audio in Patchwork Synth
Cover an unplugged audio cord so it doesn&#39;t create a hum
obviate extreme gain noise
What type of plug-in is Fruity Loop&#39;s Gross Beat?
How do you eliminate or lessen feedback?
How does audacity play text
Best cheap mic for personal use into computer
Why is learning how to use DAWs appear more difficult than Video editing programs?
How to create rolling lfo effect
Rockwood NY6510 cabinet design and online calculator
PCM D100 windscreen options
Monitors with a narrow directional coverage angle, do they exist?
Soundminer PolyWav
unsymmetrical pitch change
Roland Ax-Synth Keytar: Assigning Pitch Bend to Modulation Bar + Custom Pitch Change of Touch Ribbon in Logic Pro
How can I get my direct input monitoring louder?
How do I practice Sound Design?
How can I prevent feedback when using wireless mics in a Theater in the Round?
DIY contact microphone
Line-in recording w/ 2012 iMac possible?
What constitutes &#39;high-quality&#39; audio?
audio interface to add additional outputs to computer for Skype and teamspeak
Synthesizing distorted guitar from MIDI
Can a digital sound wave take any shape?
Can MIDI Designer control other iPad apps?
How to remove cigarette smoke smell from equipment?
Regular collaboration with a post studio: how much should I charge and how? UK rates
Dynamic mic windscreen shape
How to increase the volume of a sound while recording
Suggestions for recording club speeches/talks
How to Synthesize a Cello Sound in Pure Data
Good Drama Films/TV for Sound Design?
Compressor Questions and Making a 5.1 Mix with 95% in Stereo?
KH 0300 or Reason
Interface/preamp/mic upgrade options
cheap hand held sound meter vs smartphone app
How to make a bass layer follow a specific scale?
Are there tools to seamlessly loop sounds?
Why do we need power amplifier with hundred watts of power?
Is there a way to crossfade multiple clips of one track in one click with Adobe Audition?
Outdoor recording with TLM 103 microphones
Recording multi channel / track - SoundCraft Si Compact 24
Fixing FM8 to a given pitch OR filter MIDI notes and transpose to a given value
Sound Devices 633 or Sony PCM-D100
Sixties&#39; sound mixing
A question about publishing a small library of russian ambiences/sounds
How can Imake the sound of fly or mosquito
Designing household sounds using a synth
Occasional pops in recording with Audacity and Roland Duo Capture
Does cpuscaling have any signifcant effect on audio production?
How can I set PulseAudio to use convolution
DIY Portable Anechoic Chamber
Mobile application to turn smartphone into wireless microphone
Tascam DR-100 MKII: Getting Noise on Some Recordings
Sound Recording Noise in Different Places
Leaving mic &amp; preamp on for extended periods of time - problematic?
Need hand-held recorder and mic for use in old courtrooms
why is higher sample rate changing the sound for the worse? I think its changing the pitch
kontakt exchange for post audio
Why does changing the sampling rate, cange the sound of the tone? (Not pitch)
Pro Tools / show all written automation
Stereo Width in Oktava M/S recordings
how to make the sound of a metallic spring
How does digital audio data capture &#39;texture&#39;? (And not only pitch and volume)
Directly altering/editing a sound file
How do I know if I need a microphone preamp?
Who out there still uses Master Faders anymore? 
Batch audio &#39;watermark&#39; adding for OSX?
How can more than one input trigger an operation in Pure Data?
Propellerhead Reason 7 video window
Electronic Mic for very loud sounds
How to get vocals from song using original song and remix using official vocals
Protools versions that work with mavericks
How to make a sample/note sustained or long in Reason 4?
Foley: a rolling rock
Is it possible to connect an Alesis DM6 to Reason and track drums?
How to Foley bicycle?
Automixer gating versus gain-sharing
School class recording
Why signal is overloaded when I use a low cut filter?
How can I add mp3 audio to an mp4 video?
Tuning out from world sound design
How lossless is my lossless music?
What&#39;s the shortest sound perceptible to the human ear?
How to make a good Pitch Pipe Sound in Pure Data
Recording experiments at 192kHz: what to record?
What is the size and name of mic input nut?
Effects: On &quot;insert&quot; or &quot;on-line&quot;
Help identifying source of unwanted noise
Any tips for close miking SFX and getting good transient responses?
What audio interfaces/mixers work well under Linux?
How to export/save edited samples from Reason&#39;s NN-XT?
EQ&#39;ing ADR to match Dialogue
Are there any online courses/resources to help you start making Electronic Music with a PC/Mac?
sound quality when recording sound with google nexus 7
Does sound quality increase if you play a video in High Definition?
Absorbing Room - materials, their shapes, what&#39;s the difference?
Cable remote control for Olympus Audio Recorders possible?
Is it recommended to record a whole album with an iPad only?
How can I pick up very small sound with small budget?
44kHz vs 48kHz for music playback
Why does the internet sound like a sine wave
Paired Aux sends and return jacks on mixer
How to add amount control to amplitude modulation?
Where to study Sound Desing?
Minority Report Sonic Gun
Make a PureData Sine Wave Synth that is audible from C0 - G10
The New MAC Pro and Protools
Generative Music
How do I make this guitar sound?
Ableton Live 8 Sample Timing
Considerations for moving monitor mixes to the stage
Stereo Hydrophone Technique
How to make two different recordings sound the same?
How to handle conversion of 32728 Hz for playback on common software/devices?
Need to convert large WMA library to MP3 or AAC. Software recommendations?
Recommended sound effects library for designing system sounds?
After many channel strip demos
Qualities of headset microphone for singing
Managing dozens of wireless stage mics
Tools For Making Sample Libraries?
How do I a fix broken key on my keyboard?
is knowledge in computer science and/or electrical engineering beneficial to audio production?
sound device bag back support
Doing the best possible Job in a situation that demands ADR
How can I get my drum and bass hihats and snares to sound correct?
Maschine: Automatically tag all samples in folder
how to manually make sound of 7 mirrors breaking
What sampler do you use?
Best quality encoding when exporting &quot;8-bit 8kHz Mono WAV&quot; sample in Audacity?
Hitting a leq(m) spec
How To Create a Net Launcher Sound
How to visualize alarm sound
Help with connecting my gear
Using basic EQs to correct for uneven mike response
Unable to find an Audio Interface attached to the first HD card. Please check power and digilink cables. Click OK to rescan
Replace-recording for MIDI in Logic Pro
&quot;MONITOR 8Ω&quot; to audio line-in
Is multi-threading important for DAWs?
I&#39;m having problems recording sound effects at low volumes
Mic recommendations for high frequency capture that will be slowed
What do you do, and what tools do you need for live sound?
How can I hear the sound during recording with a simple DSLR?
Don&#39;t get mad, but do I NEED a sound mixer on my film shoot?
Home recording / talent?
What to look for in a vocal mic for a small home studio
How was this snare made?
How to buy music so that the greatest proportion of the money goes to the artist?
How to produce this lead electro house synth?
What is the &#39;phenomenon&#39; happening when two identical digital sounds are played nearly at the same time?
Mastering : 41000Hz or 96000Hz?
How to build a 3.5mm jack distributor
What is the audio equivalent of a pixel?
How can I mimic the audio synthesis layers from Kraftwerk&#39;s &quot;Tour de France Etape 3&quot;?
Fun with broken fluorescent lights
Serial Sound Design?
Bud Spencer Terrence Hill - Hits Sound Design
Pro Tools 9 on Mac OS X 10.9.4 (Mavericks)
Verification of upsampled audio file
Design parameters for combo organs
Favorite Zombie Sounds?
How do you create the rising cinematic sfx seen in most trailers?
Self-oscillating filter in NI Massive?
Understanding why routing doesn&#39;t cause phasing
Headphones for Mastering ?
What is difference between DTS MDA and Dolby Atmos?
Are any special steps needed to combine two or more audio files without quality loss?
Role of surface in sound recording
How does a DCP work?
5.1 to Stereo, Making an AC3
A microphone for video streaming from a tennis court
Annoying problem with the microphone when muted
mixing a project in ProTools with automation is it possible to suspend the automation during playback as if it was automated turned on/off
Converting Surround Sound Headphone Jacks to Optical
How to filter guitar sound to create a backing track
What does warm mean?
What is a &quot;violator&quot;?
Script breakdown in a sound context
Nuendo and Printing Stems with Tone Bleeps
How to record audio wirelessly at 500m
Sine wave making no sound
Where to find music beats
Should I offline convert my samples to 32-bit floating point?
5.1 channel order for home theaters, computer, and cinema
difference between channel and track in midi files
what&#39;s the best way to present yourself as a Sound Designer for film?
is it possible to connect a zoom h1 to nagra 4.2 to digitze reels?
Having issues with a Pop and a Hiss
Semantics of &quot;sound&quot; in &quot;sound design/editing&quot;
What&#39;s the best advice you&#39;ve received early on that&#39;s helped you in your career?
Connect powered speakers to powered mixer?
MIDI vs USB keyboard controllers
hum noise when recording
How can I use the output of a wireless mic reciever as a wireless monitor and get audio on both sides of my headphones?
Mic-ing cars without capturing Dialogue
VST alternative for TSE x30 Default Settings
If studio monitors have flat response, what makes some better than others?
How can I get rid of the annoying background hum on a new Yeti Microphone
Line input to an iPhone or iPad?
Free batch converter/normalizer to/from CAF (Core Audio Format) file
Where can I find good before and after sound samples for learning eq, compression, mixing?
Slowly pitch down/up a sound
Audio play for attraction
Reverb bus workflow for features (and bouncing DX+M&amp;E)
I want to record/playback to analog tape at different speeds. What device am I looking for?
Does converting an mp3 format audio file to m4a format makes audio quality better ?
Looking for an email or contact for the Sound Collectors Club
in reality, do you believe convolution compression can work?
Sew a dead cat from fake fur
Problem with Sonar and my master keyboard
Sound Design depicting mental illness in film
Altiverb 7 PC - Does it finally actually work?
Nuendo 5.53 Unexpected Error
Cutting diegetic SFX for 5.1 -- C or LR? (mono / stereo)
Is there any reason that AudioEase couldn&#39;t make an IR from the Tenman Horn?
Industrial or Odd Percussion Creation
How do you make this synth sound?
Video game music setup
Name this sound effect
Prolems with mxl 770
Reducing Noise in Feynman Lectures
sennheiser ew 100 g2, using balanced cable
Latency in plugin while recording MIDI
Fitting a Yamaha DB50XG to a Korg NS5R?
Is there a Mac tool for A/B comparison of two differently encoded sound files?
Change tempo of entire project in logic, and stretch audio to fit the new tempo
Can anyone offer examples of valid BWF files for study?
Cost-effective ways to start a home studio with Pro Tools?
Used Gear / recorders - When is &quot;too old&quot;?
What makes a headphone monitoring amplifier so expensive? any tips for alternatives?
Random crackling audio when recording through USB devices on 2013 iMac / Mavericks
VST Connect connection error - You are already in a session
MIDI files handling
Futuristic cars
Protools 10 what is a 32-bit floating point about? 
Compact high quality sound effects / ambience recording rig
recommended Foley artist/studios for basic micro budget full length film?
Waterproof covering for microphones
Fmod sound design
Spatialisation/diffusion of sound across 24 channels
Which program are you using to embed metadata in wav files?
How to input audio to Android?
Looping Gun Sounds Quantization
Is there a way to preview the sample rate and channel info for audio files in windows 7?
Active noise control barrier at tunnel openings in undergroundsubways
Batch convert the bit depth of several audio files from 32 to 16
Amplitube VST won&#39;t respond to MIDI PC messages from Ableton Live
Logic Pro X Automation from Midi file cannot be undone
International mixes
Finding Sound Recordists interested in collecting unique gunshots
Missing parameters in my rack Ableton Live
Naiant X-X omni miniature mics
Turning a stereo track that peaks in one channel, into a mono track that doesn&#39;t (Adobe Audition)
Field mixing Boom and Lav mic
Radio advert project
Creating the SSB untuned radio effect
iPhone application for making notes about sound script when on location
prepping tracks for international release (M&amp;E)
Rode VideoMic upgrade
Pro Tools, Windows/PC &amp; Strange File Name Shortening
What happens when you scream out of your window in Sweden at 10 PM
How to create a HUGE rumbly kick drum?
Field Recording with SD-744t - Do I need a mixer?
Violin melody (Vicetone-Tremble)
Using Max/MSP to interpret real-time data sets from the web
Tascam DR-40 and DR-100MKII - Record into multiple files
How do I run this setup?
Basic Ultra Low Budget Audio Equipment for Video
Is there a way to distinguish stereo from binaural signals (algorithmically)?
Do you ever switch off when watching a movie or are you always listening like a pro?
Translation of weird character voices
Star Wars Varactyl&#39;s voice
Dialogue cleaning, Tron
How to create a pleasing distortion (harmonic)
Cartoon spider feet -- Any ideas?
MP3 gapless looping help?
Live vocal effect, dynamic dependant. delay &amp; reverb
University Sound Design Project. PLEASE HELP.
Altering perception of a character with sound deisgn
iZotope RX2: limiting the noise profile bandwidth
What is the typical attack time range of wind brass instruments?
Zoom in 4CH mode and Firmware update 1.72
Batch Processing Voice Over Lines
Monster Vox. Retaining High End
What&#39;s the difference between a synthesizer and a sequencer?
AKAI MPK25 Midi controller
How do you make YOUR Monster sounds?
What is the professional approach to organizing the recording of a full album in Logic?
Drone technique
Are there established EQ settings to increase concentration?
How can I tell if an audio stream is encoded using Dolby Digital Pro Logic II?
FLAC mastering best practices
Running balanced audio over CAT6?
Suggestions for production music for audio drama
What techniques are being used here? // Commercial Sound Design
Add Metadata To Impulse Responses
TASCAM DR-100 MKII Vs DR-40??
Weird popping artifacts in audacity
Why do DAC/ADC and sound interfaces so often have the same number of Inputs and Outputs?
Examples of characters defined through sound
Recording MIDI from electronic drums
editing foleys - taking care of perspective and distance
Mixing Water / Water Fall BG&#39;s
Recordings the Americas by motorcycle
Sequence inserts/plugins for voice
Does work experience or a career in sound design affect employability to other fields?
Neptunes Sound (Pharrell and Chad Hugo in the early 00s)
How can I compress my bassline like the linked Boris Brejcha track?
Why are they called DX, FX, MX?
How To Remove the Vocals from a Song? Basic methods won&#39;t work
pro tools surround panner
What degree should I go for?
Simple supersaw lead
TASCAM DR 100 &amp; Apple Power Adapter
Natural morph between 2 voices
What is the difference between a balanced and unbalanced mono jack?
Free VSTs for manipulating sound?
Make speech appear equally loud on different tracks and parts of tracks
Where to find a soccer only SFX library
DIY MIDI knob Controller
How to record from keyboard to laptop?
Recording a group of people
Who is responsible for bring the TC slate to set...
Production sound mic mixing
How to avoid self boring when programming patches
Trouble with Microphone levels
Can a software generate a &quot;midi&quot; track from a song of musical notes of different instruments thanks to some filters?
Free foley / sound effect sites? 
Automator actions for adding spotlight comments to a batch from excel/text document?
Using External Mics with the Tascam DR-40
Sound Design Etiquette?
How to tag the sound segments in Audacity
What are the correct audio levels for Voice and Music in a web promo video?
Acoustic foam orientation effectiveness when mounting directly to a furnace
What are the correct audio levels for Voice and Music in a web promo video?
Stereo and mono cables and jacks? What happens when you cross them?
How To Make Cicada Sound
An effective technique for ducking in Sony Vegas?
KONTAKT scripting - Tutorials &amp; videos
Sending bwav metadata/description to an external colleague
Generate sound file from Db or SPL graph
Izotope RX3 Workflow to improve audio quality
As a sound designer, how often and when do you decide &quot;that doesn&#39;t need a sound&quot;?
Feedback on my Music Video Without Music
restoring old record tape record with dying batteries
How do I remove mouse click noise
What is the most efficient method to fix different parts of a sound file (speaking)?
Real Time Control with Envelope
Frequency-varying waveform
Is there a music genre or type of sound to help drown out background noise for the purpose of concentration?
REQUEST: Playful elephants
Can I assign the left side of a stereo channel to both subgroups in a stereo set and assign it stereo in a different set?
The search for servos...
Using radio mics with SQN mixer
Which functional specifications are most important in an audio interface?
DPA 4060/61 alternative
Collaborative Sound design via Screen sharing! Which tools do I need?
Live micing mare! 2 performers, ina tight booth, outdoors, 2ft from speakers, no engineer
Which virtual instruments can be used for sfx?
How come my headphones work or not depending on the plugged device ?
Testing for where noise is produced
What do I lose when reducing bit depth?
Crackling noise coming out the SM7B microphone
I&#39;m getting a no source input command on my logic 9
what part of the FFT array must be zeroed to create a piece of silence
Is there a minimum repeating length of noise that we stop perceiving as repetitive?
How to use sample as an instrument?
FLStudio closes VST when you open another instrument of the same VST
Looking for some feedback on my university sound design project
Pro Tools Removing Sound After Bouncing To Quicktime Movie
Why does my sound card output a high pitched sometimes oscillating sound or whine?
Website for packaged audio performance virtual &quot;devices&quot;
How to make a lead similar to a circular saw
How do you describe a sound, and is there a systematical categorized index of sounds?
Wind noise in Fl Studio
Which reference monitors should I buy for my home studio?
Where can I find &quot;cosmic&quot; sounds like on the show Cosmos?
Cc / envelope sustain pedal data gone after exporting audio Ableton live 9
Harry Potter Patronus Sound Effect
How to record a Skype conversation ?
Importing Digital Juice Sound FX IV metadata to Audiofinder
44.1 vs 48 kHz for talk?
Field Recordings on vinyl
Mix Up or Mix Down?
How can I prevent FL from echoing the notes I play in a MIDI keybord back to the keyboard?
What are some good vocoders to use?
Where to study advanced sound design? More inside
How to connect two (2) MIDI devices to an Audio Interface with only one (1) MIDI In port?
How do you reverse engineer a sound?
How to find or build an amplifier circuit for 5W 6 Ohm Speakers
Damping factor formula
text to speech natural voice
Can I daisy chain a microkorg with a midi controller keyboard?
Getting Audio from Live to Pass Through to Scarlett 18i20
Updated: Can I split 1 live stereo input steam into 2 mono streams, in Mac OS
Is there a way to export MIDI tracks from ReBirth?
IL Harmor soundesign thread
Figuring out EQ for sounds
Silenced gun sound
Can I consolidate one file into multiple individual files in pro tools?
What is the future of recording technologies?
How to quantize velocity in Cubase?
How do you get a job in a recording studio?
Ableton: Understanding Analog&#39;s “Gli”
Ableton: Understanding Analog&#39;s &quot;Uni&quot;
Studio Flooring - The Great Debate
Where to go from here?
Acid Pro alternatives for OS X
background music for corporate video
Interference caused by a mixer?
Can sample-based virtual instruments and an excellent digital piano recreate tone color?
How to repair over de-eased dialogue?
Connecting multiple speakers to a stereo amplifier?
Balanced line level to balanced mic level
Dual channel wireless microphone
How to increase recorded audio quality using audacity?
tiny usb audio recording stick
How can I clean vocal microphone grill?
Reverbs for Urban Exteriors
How can i make this Horror Voice?
Recreate Wavestation Mini Lead
Electronic Music Production Help
tips for making a more realistic &quot;live drummer&quot; sound with only audio samples
Creating distorted/dark/disturbing samples on stage
Is there any Avid AudioVision (DAW) video online?
Good Microphone to record engine sound (cars and bikes) on track
Bettering the sound of a webcam recording - is it possible?
How to record an &#39;even&#39; bass
Does constant phantom power (24/7) to a microphone wear it out faster?
Stock sample / voice acting request. (Or help finding the appropriate place)
Do you have recordings for cycling - eg - tour de France
What are the steps for basic cleanup on a simple mono voice track?
pirate audio samples - how risky is it really?
How can I manage communication and time for Social/Mobile Game Sound Design?
Any free software to make speech sound different without making it &quot;robotic&quot;?
Rechargeable Batteries
What sampling rate and bit depth would be necessary to make a digital recording indistinguishable from the original?
Finding what&#39;s common between two tracks
How to find royalty-free music
Battery options for your recording rig
What are your favorite in-ear binaural microphones?
Jump in Sound Design
Samples of a single storm building wanted
How would you modify a voice such that it sounds like a parrot?
What are some techniques to make MIDI string instruments sound more realistic?
Where to find gusty wind recordings
48v Power supply for field mixer - Marenius MM-3100
Problem with duy z-room reverb in pro tools 10
What equipment do I need to record the audio from my piano keyboard?
How to provide power to a lavalier microphone?
Write error using Synth1
Can I use the mbox pro with my Macbook (not Macbook Pro)?
Good, Cheap (!), Microphone for Recording Speech
Downmixing audio on command line
Which of the two audio interfaces (M-Audio M-Track plus and Focusrite Scarlett 2i2) should I go for to record violin?
Medieval instruments samples
How is Audio Compression possible (file size)
Decent Free Windows DAW / VST for use with Korg PadKontol?
Any reason not to convert WAV to FLAC and save some disk space?
Glitch / legato vocal effect with sampler
Looking to buy a sound effects pack (hand-to-hand combat impact sounds)
Films to Study for Excellence in Sound Design
From mp3 to wav and back to mp3. What&#39;s the best method for loosing the less quality possible?
Can I use my original MBox at all with my Lion Mac?
Professional looking for a post graduate course in sound design for film
I have a mixer and would like to do simultaneous multi track recording. Do I need something else?
What are some curious, unusual, fun facts you know about sound? Needed for new audio puzzle game.
creating glissando/portamento with piano roll editors
How to use CV Piano in FL Studio?
Sound sync problem
Bad to connect a different speaker in each channel of a stereo amp?
Which DAW do you use?
How can I record using two USB microphones at same time?
XLR output vs. 1/4 inch (6.3 mm) output - Which one is better for recording?
Combining music prod, dialog editing, sfx and foley: what&#39;s everyone doing?
Who makes the quietest microphone?!
Best uses of contrapuntal music in film?
Linux tools for beginning electronic music production
How do I name all these telemetrics sound effects?
Conect a microphone to a pc via wifi connection
when going nearly the speed of sound how fast does sound seem to go?
String Quartet Synthesis: please point me towards a tool or tutorial
help me decide... (line audio cm3 users)
Amateur home setup ideas?
Layers of diagetic sound showing Temporal ambiguity in film
How can I simulate the microphone response of a bullet&#39;s reflected shockwave?
MixPre-D into Sony PCM M10 - Low Line-in Level Problem
Hmmm what about Sound Design talk? (jet engines)
Foley Metal Footsteps
Found sound sampling
How to know best fit output quality for transcoding?
Books about the Sound Industry_ how it works
How do you handle performers that want to &quot;fix it in the mix&quot;?
Movies made to make you feel uncomfortable
Examples Of The Anempathetic Effect
Connecting the iRig mic to a mixer or microphone input
Separate monitor mix from audience mix?
Best examples of transitioning between non-diegetic to diegetic
Lightweight Quality Field recording package?
What are good amplification methods for percussive fingerstyle (on an acoustic guitar)?
What&#39;s the standard RMS and peak level for ringtones?
Pro tools 8 Mic problem
Fading Out Best Practices
What are your favourite sounds?
Dialog muted on several Cellphone
sennheiser mkh(80)20 spaced omni in blimp, anyone?
Bird flapping/flying away sound effect?
New auditorium construction-- where is the 100% perfect place for sound?
Does headphone impedance make any difference except for volume?
High-end small mics (lavalier/headset) vocal capture quality
Pure Data Abstractions seem to be interfering with each other
Sound Request- Baseball Bat hit
Help me please with reverb in noise reduction
In what scenarios would you use OSC over MIDI?
What is this instrument?
Free, newbie-friendly tracker software?
Ambiences - MKH418S / Sony ECM MS5 / Rode NT4 (x/y)
truncating silent parts of dialogue
Performing multiple AudioSuite operations sequentially in OS X
Sound Card VS DAC Unit
How to describe the bass tone/timbre heard in the examples?
Sound proofing of studio equipment
How Do You Clean RCA Ports?
Acoustic-electric preamp/under saddle pickup issue
How to make cool hi-hats sounds in Reason
What is this noise?
LOUD MEAN DRAGON
Samples of single notes played on various instruments
Is it possible to have some partial measures in a song with FL Studio?
What is the &#39;click&#39; noise that an amplifier makes after you turn it on/off?
FL Studio: How can I change the instruments of an imported MIDI file?
How to emulate Pan using SOX
Zoom H4n parts?
Is FM8 a good synth for a beginner?
Iconic Sounds: How have they affected the way you work?
What are some tips and techniques on recording paper, pencil, chalkboard and other often harsh sounding foley?
What&#39;s your strategy behind 192kHz recording?
Sound Frequency and Healing
Lightning hit sounds with everyday objects?
Backing up DVDs on computer and change the audio tracks from 192 to 384 kbps
3D Illusion Magic Show, Floating Lightbulbs
Mavericks and pro tools 9
What is the resolution of human hearing?
Some Gear Prawn
How can I qualify differences between compressors?
What is the key parameter for a sound card, if I want to record at home using Guitar rig?
Is it me or are GRM tools really expensive?
What is &quot;latency&quot; in a digital recording studio?
What is the difference between Autotune and a Vocoder?
What is compression and why is it used?
Exporting from ogg to mp3 has poor quality
What is side chain compression?
Compose music in Reason, synced up to a project in Premiere
Urgent Issue - DC Offset?
What motivates you in your work?
How can I obtain ISRC Codes in US?
How to find native ASIO drivers?
Can phasing occur with 2 seperate/unique instruments
How to record quality dialogues with DSLR?
What impact does applying gain to a digital audio signal have on playback?
need a location for warehouse or dilapidated building footstep recording
Frequency cut-offs for guitar amp tone
Looking fo a Hummer H2 SFX Pack
I need help creating a ringing sound, as heard in this link
Audio interface monitoring with 3.5mm cable and computer speakers
How can I make this sound (doesn&#39;t have to be exact
How can configure Rekorbox so that it records the computed BPM in the MP3 ID3&#39;s BPM field?
How to choose a microphone for my requirements?
What is the effect of increasing frequency on the sound wave?
Need a new laptop to run Pro Tools 8 for around &#163;600
Any multimedia player able to play movies backwards?
How can I detect corrupt/incomplete MP3 files?
Interpreting sampling rate of mp3 files
Effective way to reduce breathing in ADRs and Voiceovers!
Focusrite scarlett 18i6- No output in fl studio
Tuning samples in Kontakt 5
Recording software that will record multitrack streams to different formats (live)
Can you great people help me create a certain bassline please ! Thanks in advance :
Applying a third party plugin preset to just the bridge section
Is it bad to plug in a mic when phantom power is on? 
HDMI digital audio
Keyboard only routes to selected track in Logic
Recording a stethoscope
Minimal home studio based on Focuserite Scarlett 6i6
Silence a small section of just one channel in a stereo recording (Audacity)
No inserts on mixer but need to use sonic exciter in the chain. How do I do it?
Convolution Reverbs
Does banana plug fit in &quot;classic&quot; speaker ports?
How to recreate this type of sound (Rave Stabs)
I have pro tool 10
How can I use a computer mic with my PA amplifier?
How can I achieve this sound? (Wolfgang Gartner - Fire Power)
Recording with different sampling rate and audio (16/24 bit)
Batch split wave files from markers
Audacity: Increase audio volume in audacity software
Equipment for speech recording with fairly high quality
Doubling a track
Is it better to record a vocal as close to raw as possible, or to compress, eq etc along the way into Pro Tools?
What audio codecs can I use when outputing to a DVD-Video?
I have recorded a meeting on video but audio is over level and creaking what filter should I use to fix that and get the clean audio
Best sound software to make sound by keyboard like piano [linux]?
My songs lose quality on high volume
How do you fix an input device that simply doesn&#39;t work?
Films that push the boundaries of Sound Design?
What time range is used for ADSR envelopes
What are the distorted sounds in 2 - 5 kHz range?
Recommendation for a multichannel wireless mic system
How to protect microphone in rain while recording frog calls?
Lacing a sound effect??
Setting up an editing suite
What sound represents &quot;happy&quot;
How to find out the exact volume in decibels when playing music on a Mac?
How short duration sound can a human hear?
How to convert a stereo MP3 to mono MP3
Mixing For DCP - Reels or Continuous?
Sound design within a VFX workflow
Bag/Pouch for Zoom H6
Martin Luther King Speech
Appropriate background music for a webapp screencast
Garageband export volume issue
Does this sound wave of a voice-over track look normal?
extract specific frequencies from audio
How can I combine various audio inputs into 1 optical ouput to feed into my surround sound?
How far apart temporally can two sounds be heard while still sounding like they are playing at the same time?
Why does higher quality audio have lower volume?
How to find the playing time (length) of a .acc audio file accurately
Stream multiple sound sources via mms/rtsp using pulseaudio
How is it possible to hear something at 44.1Khz?
Sampling frequency Vs. Audio Frequency
How to amplify a collection of sound files
Carver amp/receiver speaker problem
How can I invert the amplification of two tracks?
fast routing (switching) of a single output to n distinct monitors
Does combining the left&amp;right speaker signals cause me to lose part of the sound?
How to efficiently remove one audio channel in mpeg2 video?
Doing a TV show, they have audio standards - mix strategy?
FEL Mic Preamplifier for Zoom H4n &amp; Rode NTG2
Is the Behringer A500 Ultra-linear amplifier a good purchase?
Any tool to easily record audio from movies?
Recreating Deadmau5 Bass SYnth
MIDI input 3 second delay lag
How to create ambient sound effects for video games?
Does Cubase always assume music is tuned in 440 for VariAudio (or other stuff)?
How do I record sounds in Pro Tools LE 8 from Komplete 7 (specifically Absynth 5)?
What is the best way to record acoustic piano and vocals from home?
New to mixing. Does everything go into one speaker?
Any tips at constructing a &quot;Press Conference&quot; ambient track?
Location Sound Sound Proofing
Compression and limiting for new -24lkfs standard?
Amateur voice recording for a game
Game Audio Course
Using an Electronic Drum Kit as a MIDI controller
Replacement mic for an AKG D202E1 for studio spoken word recording
Cubase 7 Macros for exporting
Samples clipping in Ableton
How to find out if some sound recording is real or computer generated?
Completely cut frequencies below a certain threshold
&quot;Digitally Remastered&quot; Vinyl albums
Why can cheap mics be eq to sound like expensive ones?
Feasible way to make an omnidirectional dynamic microphone portable?
Can I use a portable recorder with a dynamic mic? (Specifically, a ElectroVoice RE50N/D-B)
sound designers: Expectation vs reality?
How can I remove scuffs from a vinyl record?
PT9 Possible Bug?
Protools 101 avid assessment
Protools9 running of macbook pro icore 7 problems
Protools 9 mountain lion compatability
vocoder challenge
How effective are VSTs for expressive classical compositions?
Understanding how to mix digital audio signals by multiplying with cosines and adding
What subjects would you like to see investigated and reported on in the world of sound for picture?
How do I hear the metronome in my ears without the audience hearing it?
looking for a short film for a university project on sound design.
Digital piano recording basics
How can an electronics person start to reverse-engineer analog synth sounds?
Setting up Tascam FW-1804 with newest MacBook Pro model
A Study Into The Differences of Real-Time Surround Recording And Post-Production Mixing Process In Surround Sound Formats
Bring all recordings to the same level
There is no Supervising Sound Editor?
CD Ripping Metadata Software for SFX database
Vectorized audio? Does it exist? Its pros and cons? Which formats?
Management: how to develop/deploy audio -material? Large -files, separated -files or some other solution?
How to convert 2 channel audio output into one 3.5mm jack 
how can I make sounds of different frequencies appear subjectively equally loud?
How can I encode audio with Nero AAC Encoder using Mac OS X?
What&#39;s the difference between consumer and pro audio music equipment?
Preserve embedded album art when converting from .flac to .ogg
What type of information can I get from the waveform and the spectrum of audio?
How to make a voice sound heavier and more mature in Audacity?
Using Home System for PA Duties
How to create cue-sheet for long WAV file?
Sound Card Design: Why 96Khz/24bit?
I have a M-Audio MobilePre. Do I need an additional DI unit to record bass guitar?
Reducing latency on MIDI-over-USB Keyboard
Quantizing audio
Advice on how to structure audio recorded from travel for products / free podcasts
Open-source alternatives for plug-ins.
What&#39;s the difference between a compressor and a maximizer?
Recognizing notes within sound?
Amplify a person&#39;s voice in a phone record
Assessing volume and loudness for the sake of normalization without actually hearing the signal?
Is there a sample player (vst) plugin which is able to adjust the sample playback tempo using MIDI time code?
Acceptable hardware delay
Replacement body-pack transmitter for Shure UT1 / UT4A
Difference between microphone and line in inputs?
Audio switch with multiple 3.5mm input &amp; outputs
Demo samples of common effect presets
Which effects should I place on return tracks?
Uses for Ring Mod
Making retro game music creepy
VST effects in Windows
Wireless MIDI piano keyboards
Are wireless speakers reliable?
Can I use a Shure UT2-TC transmitter with a ULXP4 receiver?
A USB device with 5 microphone inputs: Is that possible?
ADAT to USB interface
Any small bus-powered USB mixers on the market?
Which output level is 1:1 on Zoom H4n?
What constitutes a &quot;musical&quot; EQ?
How do I line up multiple tracks to a &#39;master track&#39; in Audition?
Computer keyboard/mouse location
How do song recognition services (like Shazam) work?
How do software algorithms to calculate BPM usually work?
How do I &#39;drag&#39; waves in Sound Forge?
Real time low-cut and noise reduction software
Transcribing songs using just iPhone
How do self-proclaimed &quot;Githubs of music&quot; Splice and Blend compare?
Low Pass Filter?
Removing tonality: antitune
Smoothing transitions between sound clips
Pop Filter Repair
How do I fix my keyboard pedal?
Bluetooth or wifi line-in soundcard, android compatible?
Websites to find &quot;stem&quot; tracks from commercial music
Which service can I use to upload and distribute audio interviews
Equalizer levels for minimal hearing loss
What production tools should we look at for a weekly podcast
Meaning of Feat. | Pres. | Vs. | &amp;
Creating a classic ska sound
How does the Audio Production community view presets?
Is there a limit to the visual editor in Izotope Iris?
KRK VXT6 monitors: How long between breaks?
Can I use front-ported monitors against a wall (or crowded desk) without problems?
Can a broken jack produce out-of-phase sound?
Looking for a Sound Editor for Mac OSX
Software for organising and naming an archive of sounds
Should I use compression in live settings?
Placing Monitors On-Stage
handling m-audio mobilepre USB outputs in Apple logic
Rechargeable batteries for wireless mics?
Can I publish a DJ mix of current chart music online?
Are Barcodes Necessary for Soundscan Registration
What is the procedure to check the rights over a song?
Audio Music License for Online Radio Station
Using the Korg Krome Keyboard Workstation
Non-audio applications on performance OSX laptops
Is it safe to connect 2 players to a single pair of headphones using Y splitter?
Phone coupler with excellent isolation
What advantages does an MPC-style device have that are not offered by a DAW?
Tape for labeling gear with a marker?
Best hardware / performance setup for softsynth storage and usage.
Is it safe to power audio devices on all at once with a single switch?
Firepod recording on a laptop that doesn&#39;t have a firewire port?
M-Audio Ozonic and Windows 7 Laptop  (64bit) FireWire Woes
Thunderbolt-Firewire adapter: latency
Output ogg / FLAC from Adobe Audition
Does Ableton live have a revert to last saved version feature?
What is a balanced input / output?
Furman Power Conditioners: Good/safe to use as a surge protector?
MAX/MSP vs Cubase
How can I improve the tone quality of a clarinet track?
How to bounce with an external effect in Adobe Audition
How do I produce this effect?
How important is &quot;finding plugins&quot;?
What is a &quot;ducker&quot;?
How are vocals and other different tracks separated from a mix?
Reducing breath noise
We just got done recording - our vocals could use some work - suggestions?
How to use the matrix on a SoundCraft Si Compact 32?
What&#39;s the legality of official musics being remix by indie artists?
Batch conversion of Sounds with Different Format to one Format, how?
What are the Concentric Ring Connectors On Wireless Capsules called?
Help choosing audio rip format for longevity.
What formats and compression should I use for my audio library?
Program to decompress WaveZip on 64-bit
Is there ANY software that will play the lossless part of HD-AAC (aka MPEG-4 SLS)?
Licensing to rebroadcast interviews on internet radio?
Maximum length for an unbalanced cable?
Difference between TRS and XLR connectors
Audio source to amplifier 20 meters away
Is there still any reliability gap between digital and analog mixers
Old portastudio audio -- can bounced tracks be separated out?
Digitizing Casette 4-Track Tapes via Behringer U-Control UCA 222
Can I import a loop into StudioTrack (iPad)
What causes the limitation on excessive analog signals vs. digital signals?
How do I fix clipping distortion in my audio recording?
Do audio splitters reduce voltage
Handle for Tascam DR-05 to absorb vibration in hand held recording scenarios
Where can I license sample libraries for a virtual iOS instrument?
Gorgon City - Ready for your love - FM Bass question!
Stereo mixing conventions for instruments recorded with more than 1 microphone?
Matching line in/line out levels
How to make nice whooshes??
How can I map midi controller faders to midi CC values through software in Cubase?
Software to emulate audio devices that can mux input and split output
Would it help to know techniques of picture editing to perform better at sound editing?
Are there any audible differences between 192 and 320 kbit/s .mp3 files?
How to recover audio from an incomplete or corrupted AAC/m4a file
I&#39;m going to get an IEM system but I need a mixer
MKH 8000 series
What is the difference between low-pass and high-cut filters?
Assassins Creed Sound Design
Is bass boost harmful?
Pro Tools 9 - Pros and Cons
Loop-able sounds created in Pro Tools?
Fastest way to manual sync Audio rushes in Pro Tools 10 *** without EDLs***?
Removing unused audio from ProTools (or not..)
Live sound at professional hockey games
Decreasing the pace of footsteps once they&#39;ve been added (in Pro Tools)
Pro Tools M-Powered and syncing to video
pro tools swapping shortcut keys around!
Help! Pro Tools LE 8 in Sound Post-Production
Pro Tools save copy still copies cleared regions
importing pro tools session data into digital performer
iPad controller app for Pro Tools
Exporting OMFs in PT
pro tools 9 odd freeze and crash
The Sound of &quot;Essential Killing&quot;
Home studio set up ideas
Budget not large, really need to get an on location sound kit together for a possible job!
Volume loss upon exporting wav from Ableton Live
Undestanding a recording studio configuration
Sound Design on Tribes: Ascend - Part 2
Sound Design in Martha Marcy May Marlene
Detect which digital audio files have vocals
Internal drive on pc formatted for hfs
Camera mounted mic, off camera mic, or audio recorder?
Euphonix/Avid Artist Control V2: Is it as good as it looks?
2KM distance FM Transmitter?
Sound synthesis alternatives?
Is pro tools worth it?
PT10 - less tracks ? Still single display?
Switching plug in automation lanes shortcut in Pro Tools
ADR beat countdown in Pro Tools LE 8
How do you deal with PT9&#39;s fake delay compensation and Aux Delays when sound designing or mixing
Logic 9 vs Pro Tools 10
How to create Hemi sync, mediative music?
Sound Designing without picture lock?
Water Tight Templates?
Pro Tools 9 Crashing
Pro Tools 10 OMF Export
HD Native Thunderbolt Box sold separately?
Mid-Side using Two Cardioids
Who&#39;s designing sound with an iPad?
DIY Zeppelin/Blimp
How do I use Audacity to make two tracks match volume?
Aux vs VCA in Pro Tools?
Problem with my sound devices
keeping audio in sync when they want to make more video edits
Teaching dexterity in Pro Tools
open omf or template first
48 FPS Video and Pro Tools
Importing OMFs into Pro Tools; 2 mono tracks instead of one stereo
Pro Tools 11: Pros and Cons
will pt9 plugins work on pt10
New Mac Pro architecture: Will audio software run well on this out the gate?
List of Pro Tools plug in suffixes
Live rock band having issues with vocals being buried
Random Sound Thread--Please post a random sound
Audio effect: tune to a particular frequency
Interesting Experimental Sound popular and ground breaking films
Sony DRE-777 Sampling Reverb
Seeking Middle Eastern Ambiances
Mixed performance from monitor headphones plugged into audio interface
What hardware units should I have in my arsenal?
What is the difference between QX1622USB and QX1222USB
How to instal addictive key with cubase 5
Why are there headphones with frequencies beyond humans can hear?
Side chaining noise gate
Shield my amp from my cell phone?
How wide are critical bands?
Are there different versions of the Adam Sub8 Subwoofer?
Dumping ASIO channels to STDIO
How to correct tempo of a draft song?
Audio normalization tool based on a dynamic calculation of local maximum amplitude
Synthetic sentence completion
Vegas Pro: imported m2ts missing audio
Delete part of audio
Beginners / Advance ebook and video toturial on sound engineer
Does Youtube alter audio in any particular way?
Technical term for the visualization of an audio track?
Audio CD 16 bit or 24 bit?
Best cheap basic analogue audio mixer?
same size speaker vs subwoofer
Creating transition with badly matching bpm tunes
Where to get Beats with constant Temp
How to render composition with audio in after effects?
Creating audio file (mp3, wav, or wma) with one high frequnecy sound (20 kHz)
Isolate the difference between two mostly-identical audio tracks?
static in my video sound
How long is the lifetime of a audio jack?
I am looking at doing a run and gun feature doc
Sound insulation
Sound Forge Pro: how to save a volume envelope?
Conflicts from a sonic perspective
tv show sound operations
colour to sound
Reverse voice anonomizing algorithMs
Formula for the sound pressure of a pure tone
How to make iron man Sounds? :)
What are good TR909 and TB303 default settings for electronica music?
Is there any way to convert sound to electricity?
How are those drums on Lorde Royals made?
If we recorded tracks at 48khz, and are mixing through an analog console, is there any benefit to printing the mix in 96khz instead of 48khz?
Balanced/unbalanced audio and TS/TRS jack issue with mixer
How many of you went to school for sound?
Creating Evocative Wind Sounds
Pro Tools on Windows vs. Mac: Any difference?
Distorted visual sound design
Studio - Bass traps &amp; Accoustic Panels - Is there a limit?
How to recognize if Auto-Tune has been used in a recording? Is it needed?
Organizing Nat sound in documentary film
Behringer xenix 1202fx: delay audio output
Adding &#39;sparkle&#39; to an a cappella choir recording
Subwoofer out on JVC 884-v
Connect 1/4 inch TRS to 1/8 inch stereo input on computer?
Acapella (vocals) samples
How to improve live sound within poor stage layout?
Which free tools exists to create Chiptunes / 8-bit music on Mac OSX?
Library/Big Marble staircase Room Tone
Are you a windjammer hair stylist?
How can I create, or where can I find a decent neck breaking sound?
Audio Interface - How Many Inputs do I need?
Trees being ripped from the ground
Prob with buzzing on zoom 4hn and ME66 powered with k6
Best use of Silence in a film?
Need help with dance studio
Is the FX send on a Behringer 1202 mixer mono or stereo
Overcoming periods of Creative Block
Low impedance monitoring headphones that work with Mbox Mini
How can I achieve the vocal affect found on &quot;The Jokers&quot; voice in the film &quot;The Dark Knight&quot; 2008
Resume Formats for Sound Editors/Designers
Professional Sound Designers - Do you make a comfortable living?
Cubase blocks other programs from recording audio
Getting started with Audio Production
Have you ever tried storing a keyboard hanging on the wall?
Does the UB1002 mixer allow for headphones with an impedance of 250ohm?
Using filters on an 8 bit song has absolutely no effect after saving
What&#39;s the best way to extend a 3.5mm shotgun mic?
VST - Frequency Compressor?
Convert mono output to stereo?
how to remove Cloth Rustling?
Propellerheads Figure - Export includes fade out making it difficult to loop
Do Logic Pro X Track Stacks play poorly with Smart Controls?
Using SQN into a H4n, issues!
Distribution and deliverables
Frequency response of ears when covered with hands
Glitching hihats of vst drum
Volume boost from apps like Audacity VS Volume boost &quot;through VLC playback&quot;
How do you do waves &quot;at sea&quot;?
Starting out in film/tv post/scoring (bgm)
Yamaha HS80M vs KRK RP 8 G2 vs Mackie MR 8
Add harmonics, improve sound, sound morphing
First memory of manipulating sound?
Where to request a female cover?
Reference Levels for film mix
Canned sounds vs. ones you record yourself
creating an AC3 file
Is it possible to loop MP3 without gaps?
What do I need to cut my own vinyl records?
How should you set your instrument levels prior to recording?
What concerns are there when converting 24bit 48khz to 16bit-44.1khz (CD quality)?
Removing background location music from documentary dialogue
How to auto-tune without getting a metallic sound?
How is this high, overtone like voice effect done?
Selective amplification of a voice signal
I need some information about vintage tube amplifiers
Cutting in Foley/Feet via sound library vs recording
How do I record music as a background for my voice
Control Synths with Voice
Oblivion - Drone sound design...WOW
What portable recorder do you use and why?
i need a singer simulator or virtual singer?
Hi-tech ground shockwave ?
Broadcast Level Requirement
quick question need answer ASAP concerning the cannon 7d&#39;s audio features
Do analog mixers boost mic level to line level?
Explain the Fletcher-Munson Curve To An Idiot
Overall Sound Volume
Understanding Loudness &amp; Broadcast Standards
Measuring low (~18 dB SPL) sound levels with a relatively cheap microphone
Pro Tools Problems?
What kind of Mac to buy?
Should I record 24bit 96khz and then dither down for distribution?
Assessing the reliability of using a laptop in a stage environment
What makes Sounds Funny?
Cubase 7 - I can&#39;t find the timestamp for each sample
Using Dualeyes to sync up dialogue
Can you help make the biggest quality effects library ever?
The Walking Dead S2 mixes, what&#39;s wrong?
Recording clear audio from an iPad in Audacity
Managing comments in Ableton Live
Managing comments in Ableton Live
How do create a sound to express a soft, baritone-like pleasurable emotion?
A Recording Ethics Question/Survey
Have you ever worked on content in a language you don&#39;t understand?
How do I stop using my 002R with PT10?
Music Composition
Lost audio files - Making the most of onboard camera audio
What&#39;s that vocal effect? Or is it natural?
Do vinyl records sound better than CDs?
What do various sounds look like on the wave spectrum
Does software exist to measure the frequency response of a room?
Solution for checking sound levels between recording sessions
How do I isolate parts of a song according to pan position?
Simple recording for live broadcast, crowd mics, compression configuration, etc
Is there a way to identify an audio file that is converted from lossy to lossless format (without hearing)?
Remotely controlling a CD player
What&#39;s the vocal effect for the Vogons in the Hitchhiker&#39;s Guide to the Galaxy radio series?
What is a TRSF connector?
Safe to unpower audio amp?
Why do studio monitors use analog cables instead of digital?
How to deal with a reverby room...
Field Recording Alone in Remote Areas
Is there a gadget that would convert the stereo speaker output into Bluetooth?
Planning a simple setup for recording violin
How can I search online for sounds according to their waveform (or spectral) shape?
Keyboard in a musical pit band
Eq automation &#39;write to&#39; alternative for non-HD Pro Tools?
How to handle the 2 kHz - 5 kHz frequency range in production?
What&#39;s the point of putting electronics inside a guitar instead of just outputting the raw pickup signal?
What is the best/easiest way to fade a sound (beeping noise) in and out without the audience noticing that its gone?
If we recorded tracks at 48khz, and are mixing through an analog console, is there any benefit to printing the mix in 96khz instead of 48khz?
Track to evaluate internal noise level?
Wiring an 120W amp head to the box (stereo)
How to check how matched my singing is to other&#39;s in Audacity?
Comparing two vocal recordings in audacity
PA for a long room
Asio4All - couldn&#39;t get beneath 24 ms latency
How to make recorded voice sound good
Looking for high quality small speakers for my home
Record cassettes using computer
Synthesizer patch - how to make a glassy sound
PDF version of the Ardour manual
Recreating the signature sound from &quot;Epic&quot;
What elements to use 5.1 channels in film? how to clean dialogues?
How to improve voice quality for podcast lessons in setup/postproduction?
How to create the muffled sound effect like hearing through walls?
Post Production, How To Become Faster?
Mic input vs Instrument input
In Ear Monitors - Alternatives?
How do I know what volume to set my podcasts at?
Using Akai LPD8 as drumkit, controller
In-Ear monitoring and/or hearing assistance via FM radio
where to find general tutorials about minimal house beat programming?
outputting 2 different audio signals from a computer (PC/laptop)
How do key signature calculating algorithms usually work?
Side chain sources for a compressor working on a guitar or bass signal?
Best lossy format for music?
Techniques on Mastering
Where does Levelator fit in with traditional compression/gating/limiting?
Tool for improving old recordings
What&#39;s the best ubiquitous format for compressed voice audio?
Why does a FLAC file have a lower bit rate than the CD file?
Is buying a compressor a good thing for vocal recording?
Re-encoding MP3 reduces quality
Recording/mixing/mastering drums
Is it wrong to use compression on the master bus?
How can I compress podcasts consistently and reliably to go onto Google Play Music?
Filtering sounds to make it appear underwater
take a signal on mini-headphone and have a computer capture the stream to a .wav
-20dBFS What it means for dialogue editing?
lightning / thunder offset
How to adjust the frequency of a microphone to match another frequency response?
Plugin to &quot;Dynamically&quot; align phase (add delay) between two mics (where one is moving)
over my head: looking for an inexpensive way to mic both my flute and violin for live performance with mic&#39;d acoustic group?
How to best sum 32 microphones to 4 lines
Is mono (single channel) audio always played to *both speakers?
Why sound system and headphones directly connected to pedal have different output (mono/stereo)?
Creating Mech Sounds Similar to Gundam Wing
surround setup / combining different speakers?
Micing a kick drum with a large diaphragm condenser?
A Living Sound Effect Library
Why do I see high frequency noise when generating single tone in Operator
How to reproduce any sound
How to make a sound of dragon roar?
Sound Devices usbpre 2 as a location field mixer, thoughts? 
What are the disadvantages of a powered speakers setup over passive setup?
Voice echoing in audacity?
Stereo to mono Jack!
Test chamber for recording played sound
Hiss or hum noise from Active Speaker System
Foley Mic recomendations &lt; 1500 Euro
Which quality Windows compatible DAW?
I lost my Pro Tools 9 Installation disc, can someone help?
Sound - for the purpose of creating vibrations
Logic Pro Environment: Panning Signal Processing
Modern Cell phone ringtones
Where to begin studying synthesis of classical instruments?
Ableton&#39;s Push / Launchpad color choice
Sequencer&#39;s Reverb for Pro Tools
Emotional Monster Voices
How to loop an engine sound so that it doesn&#39;t sound looped?
How to merge MIDI tracks
convert to mp3 or lower the samplingrate
Designing a Humongous God-voice
Monster Voice Sound Layering
Harmless alternative to Fiberglass, Rockwool, ..., Bass absorbers!
Mixing sound design with heavy music?
Why do melodies sound empty/bad without context?
Desolation / Desert Ambiences
Freeware Audio Editors (Other than Audacity)
Freefield/Anechoic Car Recordings
Simplest VST hosts?
Agencies for Unique sound recordings
Does a four year degree really matter?
Doing a 5.1 and a stereo soundtrack with same source material in Adobe Audition
Sequencing with VSTs - does 64bit matter?
Detuning multiple voice synth bass - good or bad idea
Personal sound library workflow
How do controllers fit into your design process?
Elaborate creature vocalization and efforts....Who mixes them? DX or FX side?
What software and Speakers are these in this picture?
Saving modified MIDI patch information within track data itself
Using simultaneous Focusrite 2i2 and 2i4?
Aeroplane Noise Reduction
Behringer X32 digital feedback loop
Looking for really, really simple, but good quality ASIO recording software
Researcher designing study for analyzing speech/movement during interpersonal interaction, need help with proper equipment and setup
How to dampen the Sound on a car roof?
Over-sensitive ears
Hi Fi quality Bluetooth player
XLR Adapters for Telinga EM23
Exporting multiple tracks to MIDI in Ableton Live
The Hobbit Vocal Sound Design of Smaug
Audio Postproduction/Sound Design resources you&#39;d recommend
Daisy Chaining Midi: Kaoss Pad 3, Roland RD-300, and Mainstage 3
How to use Emotiv EPOC or Ambient TheAudeo with Ableton Live?
Films which blur the distinction between score and sound design?
Surround Sound is Louder Playing FM Radio
Where are you from and what do you do?
You might be a sound recordist if
Differences between Waves CL-2A and UAD LA-2A
What are the options for manipulating video in live situation? Kinda like a VJ
What are the challenges in audio for the bass line?
Left channel dropped on TA-5650
Home Stereo Upgrade Advice
Surround sound ambience library
Best recordings of 2013
FX Request: Screen doors
Analog vs Digital metering
Increasing loudness of sound effect
What is the point of a frequency response higher than 20 Hz to 20 kHz?
What&#39;s a good basic mic set for recording SFX
Supra-aural vs. Open-back headphones
Linux digital recording — Audacity or Ardour?
What is your software secret weapon?
Delay issues while using iZotope RX3 for noise reduction and restoration
Is mid-side always better than XY?
Pencil mic windjammer recommendations
How do I mic an upright piano to get a nice stereo effect
Setting up a small PA system
What do you call a rising sequence of short notes in a composition esp with strings?
how can I get my sound design work to american companies?
Walla / Crowd Recording - Do I need signatures?
Extremely Right and Left panning
Infected Mushroom - heavyweight ( baby/cat crying lead sound recreation )
Exporting Logic to Ableton?
Stereo versus mono lps
Anyone know similar software like audiomotors?
What front speakers are to be used with a 5.1 when compared to a 7.1
&#39;Why&#39; and &#39;When&#39; should audio encoder&#39;s/decoder&#39;s be used?
Are there any synthesizers comparable to a virus ti, but significantly less expensive?
How to de-rush voice audio recordings
What are some good plug-ins or software for cleaning up audio
Where to find walla/ ambiences suitable for historical drama?
What Technique do you use for Room Tone recording?
osx system audio through a plugin?
Difference in WAV files?
How can I automate track levels while recording in Logic, MainStage or GarageBand?
Examples of badly recorded/EQed ADR
Vertical panorama in mix?
What is difference between parallel compression and dry/wet knob on compressor?
Schoeps M/S: Mid Capsule MK41 or MK4?
Ableton Live Time-stretching Hotkey
Production Sound + Foley
Does Pro Tools (or any other DAW) have a feature like Logic&#39;s Quick Swipe Comping?
Windows based DAW control surface
Resources for video with only dialogue or a guide track
micrphone for sound level measuring
How should I select a microphone to use with a sound recorder used as a pre-amp for a DSLR
Is there something wrong with my ears? (perception of frequency and their dynamics)
best sound-quality - MP3 or WMA
A very good 2 tracks sound card?
All-in-one CD-receiver vs. component receiver
A budget audio interface with surface controls and multi-track recording ability
Produce &#39;wavy&#39; sound in pitch?
What&#39;s the name/slang for off screen dialogue added in post for clarification purposes?
Equivalent of Logic&#39;s Flex Mode in Ableton Live 9
Open Reason Re-fills outside of Reason
Selecting a Master Mode program on a Yamaha MotifXS (SysEx command) from an iPad app
HiFi components vs. all-in-one systems
Electrical engineering for sound designers
Monitoring headphones
GUI sounds creation / game audio
Best means for digital transport of audio
Which device to plug microphone to to get realistic realtime church reverberation for classical guitar
How can I test a speaker circuit&#39;s impedance?
Good opportunity to add to your weapons library (Kickstarter closing in a few hours)
Digital Mixing Consoles
What are the differences between budget and more expensive hardware compressors?
What do sensitivity measurements of microphones really mean?
Simulating a location recording
how to record two sources into a single audio file in Linux?
Problem with my demo reel
Android as MIDI sequencer with digital piano
Mixing music and SFX for TV
Is Sweet Sound Effects legit?
room-tone sound library help
Narration voice
Recording Multiple Kinds Of Microphones In Reaper
Setting volume level of mix
I need a good plugin for Stereo to 5.1
Home recording, how to isolate non-constant street car noise?
Chordal trancey stabs a la LMFAO in Ableton without resorting to presets
Help identifying audio equipment
Ambiences with intelligible speech or not?
3D room map of noise from outside
good portable recorder using an external pre
Recording Music For A Doc, In The Amazon Jungle 
Is a used AT835b worth it?
Roland R-26 to use for sound design
Looking for DPA 5100 Case Suggestions
Few questions about portable field recorders!
What causes the interference on this phone&#39;s 3.5mm?
Sword - Sound Design
Difference between studio and hi-fi speakers?
How do you bill for video game sound effects?
sync audio to multi-part avchd
Is there a way to use Logic Pro plugins to modulate pitch?
Japanese Directors and films
Emu E6400 Ultra crosstalk/left and right channels bleeding into each other
XLR connection for H4n is loose: Where/how to repair?
How are dialog tracks treated for dramatic productions?
Olympus LS-100 or Sony PCM M10
Creating sounds that take place in a wide, rock, canyon? How do I make this sound more authentic?
How much does a reliable dB-meter cost?
How to remove unwanted sounds from &#39;silence&#39;?
How to adjust the repeat interval and duration for delay effect in Ableton Live?
Neumann KM 184 ORTF R&#248;de Blimp
The most common mistakes for newbies recording
Why do my earbuds buzz when I pass the alarm gate in my library?
BGs with no birds, bugs, or any other animals (make/fake/or break the bank)
Firefly sound (stylized) 
Split speaker-level output
What is quantum computing going to mean for digital audio/music?
How to remove a MIDI reset?
MS Setup: microphone sensitivity MKH50 vs CM3
Best contact mics with Sony PCM d50
Gain knob on Sound Devices MixPre moving during recording
H4n panning issue in pro tools
video game sound design demo reel
Behaviour of gears in freezing conditions
What format do WAV files need to have to be imported into the Korg D3200 Digital Recording Studio
Focusrite VRM-Box
Client Monitoring and sound editing.
Software that actually produces instrument sounds
How to create lush synth string sounds in Ableton Live?
Should I go to Vancouver Film School for Sound Design for Visual Media?
Where can I find piano samples (mono not stereo)
How do you put a mic cable inside a rode boompole
Combine MIDI files
Sync Issues and sample/bit rates
Osx Spectrum analyzer/metering standalone
Vietnamese Children recordings
How to best digitize an audio signal in a recording environment? (relevance of ADCs)
Simple free program to add audio to video?
How do I know what latency I will get?
Headphones for working on noisy trains?
How to produce a reasonable recording with a limited number of microphones on a drum set?
Building a Sound Library (For fun &amp; For a living)
Battery3 is playing monophonic for unknown reason
At least one of your delays must be synchronized to clock. ?? (pro tools Plugin)
Which software for adding triggers to an acoustic drum kit to make it into a USB drum kit?
How do you lessen mouth noise in VO recordings?
Has anyone tried the AKG ULS series
How are tube amps constructed?
Why I hear shrieks that have the same pitch as sample rate when the frequency of the signal is very small?
How to manipulate speed of live sound?
Loading Harmor (and other synths) into Cubase 5
Exporting .wav files with Korg Krome Workstation
Share your audio jokes.
Equalizer for iPad?
Fostex FR-2 external rechargeable battery pack?
Windows 7 Line In Latency Issue
Apple OSX Mavericks
Audio G.A.N.G. - membership &amp; benefits
Mobile App Sound Design
How to send arbitrary MIDI messages to MIDI track using computer keyboard in Ableton Live?
Audio SYNC question regarding a FPS conversion from 24 FPS to 25 FPS
There are a lot of piano-keyboards, is there any violin-mouse?
Who makes sample packs and why?
Purchasing A Portable Digital Recorder for Professional Video Work
How to loop vinyl records?
Are there other patches available for purchase other than those Logic Pro X ships with?
Drop in levels when bouncing through an aux track
How to reduce wind noise / audio overload on built-in microphones?
Amplifier Power Ratings
Sennheiser MKH-416 Recording
What are the VST recorder plug-ins on the market?
ADR Microphones, Pre-Amps, Compressors, Filters, Reverb
Early Reflections?
cd digital out to usb
Is it possible to remix cds / songs / audio within Reason 5? Can you open audio or anything like that?
Super Mario 3D Land Sound Design: techniques
1800-ish SFX Library for film battle?
Is there a cheap(er) way of getting Pro Tools 11?
Audio scrub app needed
How to get vocals like that? [chopped/pitched/reverb]
Mixing a Feature Film, Organization?
Splicing voice: How do I blend words at a splice so they don&#39;t pop?
What are techniques to remove non-voice sounds (not &quot;noise&quot;) from vocals
Tips for Television Sound Design?
i want learn &#39;&#39;production sound mixing&#39;&#39; for film, particularly everything about the field mixer and what it can do for me. any DVD/book tutorial?
Using condom over mic for underwater recording
Exporting OMF on Premiere
Relative compare between AAC and MP3 - Optimal convertion
How to improve the VOICE of a Villain.
Sound of an inter-dimensional portal ripping/blasting open? 
How to record myself djing with a pc, midi controller and a mixer setup?
Which Plugin Bundles and Sound Libraries to start with?
Simple multi-track recording to a computer without tons of hiss?
Old MOTU 828 Mk1 on a modern system
Issues with M/S recording - 90 degrees off axis positioned in center
Choosing the right gain at the right place for the right thing
How to add meta info to mp3/wav file MAC OSX?
Techniques for vocal to sound like tannoy announcement?
Tool for converting .VYF audio file
What is so special about the U47 mic?
Small XLR connecotrs for ORTF setup
Game sound design studies?
Gravity - Amazing Foley
Removing Pernickety &#39;P&#39;s from vocals
How to create a pneumatic wheel sound?
Brutal synth drop
Computer and Tech Sound Textures Inspiration
How does Amplitude-rescaling work in filters?
Audio Mastering Book Recommendations
Is it possible to create a soundproof studio in an apartment?
Short film based on ambiences/background sounds/walla
EBU R 128 change Short Term LUFS with stable Integrated LUFS
Ceiling speakers central switch
How would a virtual sound design internship work?
Any opinions of Telinga EM-23
Recording in a Factory environment.
Production tracks or Foley?! Which one for which bits
Scenes with Great Gun Sounds
How to judge preamp and A/D quality on a USB audio interface?
Sound Design &amp; Foley thesis
How to reduce &#39;click&#39; when using ES2 synth
how to build a delay synchronized to clock?
Cubase randomly outputs noise/grain over playing audio
Sound Devices USB pre / vs USB pre 2
Free art versus commercial art
Should I sell my D50 to buy the new Zoom H6?
Active noise control
Frequency modulation in frequency domain
The best European Sound Design Courses at Postgraduate level?
Car sfx library
First Production Sound Job in the Industry
Good references for learning Mixing?
production company websites: best of
Route Sound From Programs Into DAW (Windows)
Can I use VST plug-ins in Logic?
Is there a good amp to power a set 5.1 set of speakers for use with computer?
zoom h4n problem 
Will live music damage hifi speakers (assuming compression, etc is used)
Where find sound designer for game jam
Credit/compensation to use design in sequel
Volume automation and noise reduction
Audacity: Sliding Time Scale/Pitch Shift
How to make this effect in Skrillex&#39; song
Need help recreating soulwax synth sound
How to design vocals like that? [chopped/pitched/reverb]
How to spell &quot;Sound Design&quot; and &quot;Sounddesigner&quot; in German
How to improve recording signal quality/reduce noise?
help with sound design in a rectangular, tiled room with no accoustic padding
How can I make my recording sound louder in Audacity?
Using a computer headset connected to a voice amplifier?
Exporting clips in Pro Tools and sound card conversion
Has anyone got experience with the Tascam DR-680?
NTG-3 vs 416 mic
What Voice effects are used in Solomun - See You Everyday Alone?
Reaktor Help for the Class Assigment
Is there any software with which I can create 5.1 surround sound?
What&#39;s the limit on acceptable free use of Creative Commons music?
Tascam DR-40 and ntg2 mic noise hissss
Advice on Mixing and Mastering levels - Peaking/distortion when playing through DVD players? (non PC)
App for audio feedback frequency detection?
iPod preamp recording quality
Max audio sample rates?
Shaping the transient on electronic kickdrums
Downmix to audio 2.1
Which sound design tool would you recommand for games soundtrack
Has anyone used Protools 11 yet?
What is 0 dB in digital audio?
A mathematical formula describing Mains Hum
DPA Recording Techniques
Will this portable DJ setup work?
Any recommended sound design software for Linux?
Why are VST instrument not recording in cubase?
Metadata question/ Netmix question
Lavalier vs shotgun mic for beginner level interviews?
Is it better to use a DI unit or USB audio interface to connect guitar to PC?
How to convert an arbitrary signal into music?
Increased headroom vs resolution with 24bit audio recording
Where do electronic musicians get samples for remixing songs?
Handheld recorder for a journalist?
How does a forest sound through a 6 year-olds ears?
Anyone get the Zoom H6 yet?
Awesome solution - Zoom H6 Handy Recorder !!!
Best Sony Vegas rendering options for audio-only on YouTube?
Which functional specifications are most important in an audio interface?
Most interesting industrial or environmental sound design (you&#39;ve come across)?
Frequency and emotional response
Pro Tools to VCR to Pro Tools
Multicore Mp3 encoder for OSX, is it available? Why not?
Help: What&#39;s my role/title?
How do you measure the impact/effectiveness of sound design?
Pro Tools 10:Region Gain
Sync Problems when transferring a PT10 session to a PT9 session
Upgrading to PT 10 or stay on PT 9
Basic convolution of two sound files
ProTools plugins which have MIDI &#39;learn&#39; functionality.
Not getting mugged!
Where to Record in Greater Vancouver Area
Most societally significant uses of sound (in a media context)?
Magical Sword lightings Help
if you were a teacher in sound design...
Your Ultimate Film Sound Collection
How can someone embed emotional content to a desired sound design process ?
Exporting sounds - is it done by processor alone?
What&#39;s Your Preferred Method of Pitch-Shifting?
Slow motion jump through Concrete wall
Secondary forms of revenue as a sound designer
Disclosure - White noise lead
Zoom H1 unmatched mics?
USB power enough for a Mic preamp?
How (do you) use Kyma?
Recording sound from another computer program
Mixing with consumer headphone argument
What does panning do in a stereo system
Recommended speakers for film sound?
Sfx library meta data for batch uploading 
&quot;PCM audio (channels 3 &amp; 4 also)&quot; Please help, what does this mean?
Choosing a mic for laptop viola recording
PCM-D50 discontinued?
In defense of narration...
Hardware or Software effects for Post-Production?
Setting up Mixer Help
Becoming a Dolby consultant
How to record audio in Ableton?
Theory of incorporating bone conduction (sound through solids) in sound design
Buying a shotgun microphone: which one?
ADR Recording Software
Tricks that help boom operators to memorize lines of dialogue 
Help - cloth track(s) needed...
The Combination of Field Recordings and Music
MKH8000 / MZF8000
Pro Tools tutorials
How accurate are you at estimating time passing?
Long audio recording solution
Is TC Helicon VoiceLive 2 good in the studio for vocals?
Stream Windows audio over the network
Converting Music Frequencies
LCR field recording
Boardroom Conference VOIP Solution with multiple headsets
Festivals that award sound for short movies
Reverb On Mobile Game Sounds
Record more than two external mics with Tascam DR-40 into separate tracks
Creating realistic reverb in a forest
Why does the headset buddy 3.5 mm male to microphone and speaker female have a stereo jack for the microphone?
midi setup axiom25 on nuendo 4
How do you change the default Windows midi with something better?
How do I conduct a audition/blindfold test of audio monitors ?
FireWire or USB
What type of mics for recording effects/foley?
Parabolic Speakers: Any experiences?
Low Budget Documentary Recording
Looking for a compact portable active powered speaker, such as a Behringer 205D, for small live gigs. How can I improve sound quality?
iZotope RX 2 audio engine specs
Where does one get started looking for a sound designer?
How to record from two PC microphones with one computer?
what mic are they using in this trailer/preview
How many projects are you working on at once?
Which DAW should I use when editing ambience recordings?
Wall E Special Features - What is that pen pad controller Ben Burtt Uses?
How to find work for game audio?
How to create music throughly inside computer, without using live instrument sounds? What do I need?
What do sound designers need in a DAW?
Keeping DAW separate to your internet PC
Inverse Mute Group for Yamaha LS9?
Wireless Mic &amp; Line Signals
Someone can explain this Whooshes tutorial?
Sound and Light Booth
Need help with frequencies in the UK
making sound resembling Dead Space upgrade sound
Mastering Levels for Interactive Audio
Running long audio cables
How&#39;s the Zoom H1 working out for you?
replacing a zoom h4n with sony PCM D50
Record audio separatedly
Wire mono microphone to stereo jack?
Is it possible to raise/lower the volume of different voices?
Looking for a window (32 bit) software that will host a VST plugin.
Regarding &quot;starting up&quot; sound of 3D pinball
Streaming pure Audio without Video with IIS smooth streaming?
Looking for right Car Park ambience...
Unwanted quantize markers in logic pro
Dual sound cards in Mac OS X?
Audio output from Set Top Box to Headphones outputting very low quality Audio
who uses &quot;replace audio clip&quot; in protools 10?
Turn Mono or Stereo into binaural
Arabic Walla Recordings
I&#39;m looking for WW1 weapon recordings
Rock n Roll Band Recording
Tips on remixing a song
Render Multiple Clips Simultaneously
mp3 encoding and settings
Insect monster/creature type sounds
Mix levels for Facebook game interface sounds
Can one own a sound
How can I record piano on a laptop without high frequency wahwah?
Is it legal to use a soundfont
Zoom h4n gain difference in onboard mic channels
Sound Walk implementation - anybody with any experience?  
Small and big membrane condenser microphone
Mixing backgrounds/atmos for 5.1
Mixing: Technical Only???
Playing a channel whilst recording another in Sound Forge
FX Mixer Duties on a 2 man mix
parsing MIDI file with unknown bytes
The sound of things freezing
What are the steps/phases of a CD/Album production
What is your favorite EQ?
Headphones output for Sony Alpha A77
Sound design education vs &quot;School of Audio Engineering&quot;
location film boom mic rain
How to get into business as a boom operator
Handing Over Completed Audio after Post Production
Ear Protection While Cycling
flat rate Quote for indy video game
Boom Mic Operator Insurance
How do I convert FL Studio time (bar-step-tick) to real-world durations?
Field recorder advice (again)
How to deal with the difference in sound when the audience comes in
Creating MIDI Files - Explanation of time division in header chunk
Propellerhead Reason: Tutorials?
the formula for 10 and 31 multi band eq frequency ranges 
Attaching a lav mic to a boom
foley sounds need advice
Finding work abroad
 When Bjork met Attenborough, Biophilia, and crazy home-made devices ! (?)
What is this static in front of the audio in MP3?
BBC Documentary Sound Design
Sound Design Creative Process - Inputs and Outputs
Measurement of SPL(dB) for PC headphones
FCP 7 swap in externally edited audio track
&quot;Jumpy&quot; horror film sounds/score
Is there an equivalent to Audacity&#39;s noise reduction effect in other DAW?
Why do I get noise in audacity when recording?
South African Sound FX?
Patch Change with MainStage does not sync UltraBeat Patterns
** Anyone else having trouble logging in to SSD? **
Voice-over Recordist correct Title?
I know I&#39;m way behind but .. is 10.7 stable for DAW ?
Site Security/SPAM Question
Binaural recording: monitoring with &#39;bone conduction&#39;? 
Picking up hum noise from wood table
Projector Recommendations?
Prevent Logic Pro X from scrolling to the top while using Flex Pitch
Noise connecting mixer to PC
Trustworthy Audio App Review Sites?
Is Sound Design the Best Job Ever?
Noob SCI-FI Sound Designer...
Why do you hate being sound designer?
Car radio sound
Good piano patch for Nord Modular?
Animated Punching Sounds
Which external DAC to use with igrados headphones?
Anyone using Source-Connect?
Would you rather Mix/Edit with decent headphones or cheap inexpensive monitors?
How to choose a used Roland TR808?
Where to go from here? How to Progress?
Why do sounds reset in cubase after loop returns?
Recommendations for 5.1 Surround Headphones?
Keyboard CASIO CTK-5000 to PC Line In
Multi User Licenses
Buzz flange effect 
Looking for audio restore plug in
Audio / sound masters course. Which to go for?
Futz Gunshot Question
What settings could cause latency in recording but not in monitoring in cubase?
Different sound quality through mixer output than in mixer.
How to design this bass drum?
What synthesizer should I get if I like vintage sound e.g. Roland Juno 60?
TL Spaces &amp; IR Recording
If there was a Code of Professional Conduct or a Code of Ethics, what would it look like?
Recording Dialogue in a tunnel
any tips on creating tech based sounds like this
Mastering sound effects 
Sine wave frequencies
Is it safe to plug amplifier&#39;s headphone output into the computer?
96 KHz EQ Plugin
Sound effects suggestions requested
Cartoon sound &quot;shaking about to burst&quot; sound
Reduce noise from multiple clips
How to move all notes in the Cubase MIDI editor one octave up?
Summing Stereo to mono?
Converting vst track to midi?
Can I convert Cakewalk .wrk files to MIDI?
How Do I Progress in Sound?
How do I find a PROM chip for a Roland D20?
Can I use my Focusrite Saffire 6 USB with a lav mic? (signal too low)
Why some old voice recordings in Anime has ~15.7KHz  sweep?
What to use for un-scripted, un-mic&#39;d, ad-libbed dialogue?
Where do I Begin in Sound Design?
Cubase is blocking audio for other audio application
Masters Research Paper Survey 
Live collaboration with client?
Reaper DAW and OMF files
When would you use DC Offset?
Recording shouted dialogue
Impossible sounds
Portraying the past with sound.
How do you bounce back from a failure?
Equator D5 Studio Monitors. Thoughts? 
Will a Bowers &amp; Wilkins Zeppelin Air be adequate monitors for sound editing/mixing on a short film?
Software recommendation for cleaning out audio recording
How to record yelling?
Sampler in ProTools with Pitch Shift automation but no time correction
My Oxygen25 midi keyboard wont work with Pro Tools 9, help..?
Do you play an instrument?
Term for Distorted Bass
Realtime pith shift (re-sample) plugin (without correcting/preserving time)
Play in scale like Ableton&#39;s Push controller using a drum rack/other?
Why don&#39;t my VST instruments have sound in cubase?
Which MIDi interface to get for more channels?
Determine whether resonance/standing waves are from speakers or room?
The &#39;Sonic&#39; Planck
What is the proper way to reduce audio sample rate and bit depth?
How do I properly set levels for a recording and the environment I&#39;m mixing in?
How to correctly slow down the track to compensate for wrong bitrate?
Client asking for AES Channels 1 &amp; 2 render
sampling rate in .wav file
Does buying Komplete 8 help me at all if I already own Ableton?
How do I delete an edited sound from a video using audacity?
unable to reduce noise from recorded audio using Audacity and other tools
Creating Rock Creature Voice
Why does this simple pitch shift core cell in Reaktor not function the way it was intended to?
Noise Reduction help - dealing with a fluctuating gain/noise floor
Mixing - headphone translation?
Audio Interface &gt; Guitar Pedal Chain &gt; Audio Interface
Recording with a mixer
Active/Passive Speakers - Powered or Unpowered mixers?
I&#39;m looking for Audio Drama suggestions that have a good mix of music and sound design.
Best software to use for editing audiobooks?
Clean up Lecture recordings
Google Fiber coming soon!
Sound for scenes where there is product placement
Why does my sample become &quot;choppy&quot; when I change its pitch?
Making a sound bubbly
Reaper: Convert split items to regions?
how to do mono to stereo conversion
How do yo record gun-movement foley?
Simplest way to play MIDI sounds from OSC/MIDI inputs
Speed up a selection in reaper
Why does this simple clock in Reaktor always display 0?
Who can recommend a camera for shooting a vlog?
Join audio files into one mp3?
Location recording in a warehouse, how to avoid reverb?
What are primary differences between a soundcard and a DAC?
I need to record a control track (timecode noise) as a WAV file. Can this be done through software only?
Can anyone think of any interesting ways of using Iannix?
EQ&#39;ing for HRTF
Shotgun film mic suggestions
Television Mix...
What causes the background hissing in speakers?
Phantom Power Staying On
How do you get to know microphones and decide on microphone purchases?
How to troubleshoot audio imbalance?
Presenter vocal mic low end problems
Making recorded ambient/BG sounds more like they&#39;re coming through a wall/window effectively?
Man of Steel &quot;Fate of your planet&quot; trailer - high pitch whine?
Which EQ is suitable? Alloy 2, Pro-Q, or other?
The most common mistakes for newbies recording
I want to learn how to make electronic music. Where do I start?
As a sound designer, how often and when do you decide &quot;that doesn&#39;t need a sound&quot;?
How to deal with the difference in sound when the audience comes in
Any reason not to convert WAV to FLAC and save some disk space?
Are there any audible differences between 192 and 320 kbit/s .mp3 files?
Where are you from and what do you do?
What is the effect of impedance on headphone sound quality?
What is your software secret weapon?
You might be a sound recordist if
Films to Study for Excellence in Sound Design
Best approaches to panning backgrounds when camera angles change
Quiet Ambience Recording Tips
Washington Post covers sound design in film:
Audio Mythbusting
What is/are the first effect(s) I should put on raw vocal recordings?
What is a balanced input / output?
Iconic Sounds: How have they affected the way you work?
Awesome things to record that you would not normally think about.
An open source sound editor, but not Audacity?
How to capture very low volume sounds?
Processing ADR to match interiors and exteriors
Grabbing hold of one&#39;s career arc
So I dropped my recorder in a wheelbarrow full of water…
What makes you think YOU&#39;RE a sound designer?!
Should I use compression in live settings?
Best use of Silence in a film?
How do you respond to requests to work for free?
Examples Of The Anempathetic Effect
Cheap DIY solutions, like using egg cartons
What is side chain compression?
Futuristic cars
Films which blur the distinction between score and sound design?
Monthly Sound Design Challenge...looking for feedback
Creating Evocative Wind Sounds
What is Mastering?
What does the term quantization refer to?
Where can I find free sound effects?
SSD App Needed?
Most influential people in your career
What specifications should I look for when buying a budget microphone?
Making space in a synth-heavy mix for electric guitar?
Free batch conversion from FLAC to Apple Lossless (ALAC)?
How do software algorithms to calculate BPM usually work?
How do you lessen mouth noise in VO recordings?
SoundSwap - trading sound effects
Managing Machine Noise in the Home Studio
Foley artist leather toolkit!
Microphone windscreens -- how effective / necessary are they?
What is compression and why is it used?
full vehicle coverage
A Living Sound Effect Library
Going Into Debt for Gear
Help for buying shotgun microphone
Non obvious ProTools tricks?
Suggestions for micing violins
FireWire or USB
Vuvuzela silencing techniques
Why is Pro Tools the industry standard in high end audio production?
How do I remove mouse click noise
What is the best volume to work with studio monitors?
How do I get a mix with two heavy bass elements to not sound muddy?
What hardware units should I have in my arsenal?
Why did you choose sound design as a career?
Audio Postproduction/Sound Design resources you&#39;d recommend
Do you play games?
Essential smartphone apps for field recording?
Discovery of Wind in the Studio
How To: Minimizing noise and reverb with DIY multi-band expansion.
Pro Tools Problems?
Canned sounds vs. ones you record yourself
The dreaded skill plateau...
Two microphone setup to record voice and acoustic guitar
XLR vs USB Microphone
What is impedance and why do I care when buying a microphone?
What does &#39;Poles&#39; mean in relation to a filter?
0db mono vs. 0db stereo
Setting up ableton live as a live looper?
Should I use 44.1KHz, 48KHz or 96KHZ sampling frequency for hobby projects?
What should I look for when buying a subwoofer?
What does panning do in a stereo system
What&#39;s the point of putting electronics inside a guitar instead of just outputting the raw pickup signal?
Preventing tangled mic cables
Best entry-level portable recorder
What&#39;s your best story about repurposing a sound?
Best use of ergonomics in an Pro Tools editing environment?
What would you have done differently?
How (do you) use Kyma?
What does a boom operator do?
Best uses of contrapuntal music in film?
A Study in Effective Sound Design: The Terminator (1984)
A trip down your DAW memory lane
What do sensitivity measurements of microphones really mean?
Amusing Faux Pas Situations
Workflow: Getting sounds into your library.
Your most interesting recording of 2010
So you found $3000 under your couch. What do you buy?
Tips for mixing dialogue
How do you create Single Sideband Modulation (SSB)?
Post production communities
The most common mistakes for newbies recording
I want to learn how to make electronic music. Where do I start?
As a sound designer, how often and when do you decide &quot;that doesn&#39;t need a sound&quot;?
How to deal with the difference in sound when the audience comes in
Any reason not to convert WAV to FLAC and save some disk space?
Are there any audible differences between 192 and 320 kbit/s .mp3 files?
Where are you from and what do you do?
What is the effect of impedance on headphone sound quality?
What is your software secret weapon?
You might be a sound recordist if
Films to Study for Excellence in Sound Design
Best approaches to panning backgrounds when camera angles change
Quiet Ambience Recording Tips
Washington Post covers sound design in film:
Audio Mythbusting
What is/are the first effect(s) I should put on raw vocal recordings?
What is a balanced input / output?
Iconic Sounds: How have they affected the way you work?
Awesome things to record that you would not normally think about.
An open source sound editor, but not Audacity?
How to capture very low volume sounds?
Processing ADR to match interiors and exteriors
Grabbing hold of one&#39;s career arc
So I dropped my recorder in a wheelbarrow full of water…
What makes you think YOU&#39;RE a sound designer?!
Should I use compression in live settings?
Best use of Silence in a film?
How do you respond to requests to work for free?
Examples Of The Anempathetic Effect
Cheap DIY solutions, like using egg cartons
What is side chain compression?
Futuristic cars
Films which blur the distinction between score and sound design?
Monthly Sound Design Challenge...looking for feedback
Creating Evocative Wind Sounds
What is Mastering?
What does the term quantization refer to?
Where can I find free sound effects?
SSD App Needed?
Most influential people in your career
What specifications should I look for when buying a budget microphone?
Making space in a synth-heavy mix for electric guitar?
Free batch conversion from FLAC to Apple Lossless (ALAC)?
How do software algorithms to calculate BPM usually work?
How do you lessen mouth noise in VO recordings?
SoundSwap - trading sound effects
Managing Machine Noise in the Home Studio
Foley artist leather toolkit!
Microphone windscreens -- how effective / necessary are they?
What is compression and why is it used?
full vehicle coverage
A Living Sound Effect Library
Going Into Debt for Gear
Help for buying shotgun microphone
Non obvious ProTools tricks?
Suggestions for micing violins
FireWire or USB
Vuvuzela silencing techniques
Why is Pro Tools the industry standard in high end audio production?
How do I remove mouse click noise
What is the best volume to work with studio monitors?
How do I get a mix with two heavy bass elements to not sound muddy?
What hardware units should I have in my arsenal?
Why did you choose sound design as a career?
Audio Postproduction/Sound Design resources you&#39;d recommend
Do you play games?
Essential smartphone apps for field recording?
Discovery of Wind in the Studio
How To: Minimizing noise and reverb with DIY multi-band expansion.
Pro Tools Problems?
Canned sounds vs. ones you record yourself
The dreaded skill plateau...
Two microphone setup to record voice and acoustic guitar
XLR vs USB Microphone
What is impedance and why do I care when buying a microphone?
What does &#39;Poles&#39; mean in relation to a filter?
0db mono vs. 0db stereo
Setting up ableton live as a live looper?
Should I use 44.1KHz, 48KHz or 96KHZ sampling frequency for hobby projects?
What should I look for when buying a subwoofer?
What does panning do in a stereo system
What&#39;s the point of putting electronics inside a guitar instead of just outputting the raw pickup signal?
Preventing tangled mic cables
Best entry-level portable recorder
What&#39;s your best story about repurposing a sound?
Best use of ergonomics in an Pro Tools editing environment?
What would you have done differently?
How (do you) use Kyma?
What does a boom operator do?
Best uses of contrapuntal music in film?
A Study in Effective Sound Design: The Terminator (1984)
A trip down your DAW memory lane
What do sensitivity measurements of microphones really mean?
Amusing Faux Pas Situations
Workflow: Getting sounds into your library.
Your most interesting recording of 2010
So you found $3000 under your couch. What do you buy?
Tips for mixing dialogue
How do you create Single Sideband Modulation (SSB)?
Post production communities
Mixing with the client - how to deal with the nitty gritty
Working Standing Up
The process of editing and mixing 
Where do you sit in a cinema?
Misinterpreting sounds
Edit Session Layout Tips for a Shootout
Jack Of All Trades, Master of...Some?
What is the future of recording technologies?
Negative Space / Figure-Ground Perception in Sound
creating the sound of exploding heads
How to make very long recordings (of bees)
Randy Thom Interview Question.
What should I look for in microphones for home audio monitoring &quot;nanny audio cam&quot; system
How do you use gain effectively?
How to mic a 50 persons choir standing behind an orchestra
Does it hurt to send phantom power to a mic with its own power supply?
Audio software with alternative user interfaces (e.g. not mimicking a mixer)
What does an active DI box offer that a passive doesn&#39;t?
What production tools should we look at for a weekly podcast
Sound Recording Disaster Stories!
Do you listen to any podcasts about sound design?
Templates and workflow
Retaining High Frequencies when Varispeeding
Film Predubs: real or virtual?
Another Discovery of Wind in the Studio
The Way Forward
Advice for cutting car chase SFX
Equipment setup for recording a podcast
What is &quot;clipping&quot; distortion? What causes it, and how to avoid it when recording audio?
What are some disadvantages of audacity?
Monitoring multiple USB microphones
Has anybody tried using GIT version control for session control of audio recordings?
All-round vocal mic
Linux digital recording — Audacity or Ardour?
Free Music for DAW Practice
What are your favorite headphones and why?
What sound design books have influenced you the most? 
What are the small bits in your field recording bag?
What&#39;s the strangest sound you&#39;ve recorded?
Audio File Organization
Do you play an instrument?
What is expected from a sound effects editor? 
What sound bursts your bubble?
My first field mic.
Indie Feature Production and Post Production Audio Budgets
Dubbing Stage Workflow
Director knows nothing about sound. Take the job?
What would sound sound like at the speed of sound? 
Crossroads: Requesting some career advice
Who makes the quietest microphone?!
What is our responsibility to authenticity?
Impulse Responses (IRs) - Do you download, buy, or DIY?
What is your dream job?
Mixing backgrounds/atmos for 5.1
How loud is 0dB, and what is a good dB to mix to?
Backgrounds for a dead city?
Does a four year degree really matter?
If you&#39;re a Sound Designer of a movie, do you have total supervision over what the trailer sounds like?
Age Discrimination in the Audio Industry?
Who Owns the Sounds You Design?
Who&#39;s designing sound with an iPad?
Step Compression: Do you use it?
Radio Lab - A well and interestingly produced internet chat show
How will portable recorders improve in the future?
What five plugins are the most essential for your sound editing?
Rode vs. Rycote
Carrots are for eyes as ________ are for ears.
Middleware for Flash / AS3
Favourite PT quick-key?
Serious use of self-recorded IR&#39;s
Does Izotope RX and similar software make the location sound recordist complacent?
Movies made to make you feel uncomfortable
A Proud Husband
Is it worth working for free?
What are your favorite in-ear binaural microphones?
Matrixing LR as MS?
Tension sounds like…
Recording the riots in London
What&#39;s your favourite way to &quot;stereoize&quot; a mono file?
What&#39;s your favorite, personally-stashed &#39;money&#39; sound?
Backgrounds for Interiors
Strategies for when you&#39;ve crashed into the wall under deadline
Recording Music For A Doc, In The Amazon Jungle 
Films with &quot;POV&quot; Audio
What do sound designers need in a DAW?
Selling sound fx recorded in public places.
DIA Editing At Reel Breaks
Resume Formats for Sound Editors/Designers
Conflicts from a sonic perspective
&quot;Stoker&quot; - sound design moves background to foreground
Can someone explain &#39;phase&#39; and related terminology in audio production?
How to record a Skype conversation ?
How can I set PulseAudio to use convolution
Why are all my recordings fuzzy and quiet!?
Miking a grand piano
Are there any Audio Interfaces supporting USB 3.0? If not, why?
What is the best order in which to record instruments?
How can I multitrack record my band practices?
Achieving uniform level in lengthy spoken word recordings
How does the MIDI data for polyphonic aftertouch differ from &quot;normal&quot; aftertouch?
How do I know what volume to set my podcasts at?
Can opening closed speaker cabinets for service affect the sound?
What exactly is a &quot;bus&quot; on a Behringer Xenyx mixer?
Why are drums generally panned to the listener&#39;s perspective but piano panned to the player&#39;s perspective?
Linux tools for beginning electronic music production
What is 0 dB in digital audio?
Is it possible to record directly to a computer&#39;s CD drive?
What is a good mastering chain to use in a DAW?
Rules of thumb for EQing?
Do new speakers require a &quot;break-in&quot; period?
Fixing acoustics in a glorified hallway
Freeware Virtual Instrument VSTi&#39;s
Which Choir library would be recommended for film scoring, regardless of the price?
How is this technique called with ethernet cable to stage
Editing/Mastering workflow for a podcast
Is there a losslessly compressed audio file?
How do you get a job in a recording studio?
Difference between microphone and line in inputs?
Natural morph between 2 voices
Mixing Water / Water Fall BG&#39;s
Sound Devices New 702, or Used 744T?
Best Broad Effects Library?
Tips on Car Recording?
Audio map of the Globe
What&#39;s the origin of the word &quot;Stem&quot;?
As a sound designer/Location Audio Recordist, what would you like a Director to know before production?
How would you record a tesla coil?
Re-micing via a Piano
Left Brained or Right Brained?
Reverb in Surround
Recording the upheaval in the Middle East
Editor/mixer &quot;therapy&quot;
Underrated microphones
Recording &quot;Blind&quot;
Music Makers: Do you find your Sound Design skills influence your compositions?
The merits and uses of Masking
Game Dialogue Recording and Perspective
Inspiration - What influences your aesthetic
Monster Voice Sound Layering
impact of democratization of technology on audio companies/freelancers
What happens when you scream out of your window in Sweden at 10 PM
A Huge Thank You
Any plugins out there using GPGPU/CUDA/OpenCL for horsepower?
How can I get a basic transcription of an audio recording using voice recognition?
What audio interfaces/mixers work well under Linux?
Are dialogues recorded separately while filming?
Getting the kick drum to really come out in the mix?
Headphones to block outside noise
How can I get rid of the annoying background hum on a new Yeti Microphone
How to reproduce any sound
How is it possible to hear something at 44.1Khz?
What key features should I look for when purchasing a mic for podcasting?
Soft synth vs. hard synth
Is it a good idea to use headphones for audio production?
Imitating a phone call?
How can I manually emulate the sonic abilities of the NES?
Best way to mic up a group discussion
How to reduce wind noise / audio overload on built-in microphones?
What to look for in a vocal mic for a small home studio
How should I mic a classical guitar?
Filtering sounds to make it appear underwater
What&#39;s the difference between a synthesizer and a sequencer?
Ableton Live synths: Analog vs. Operator
How to remove cigarette smoke smell from equipment?
Sound system noise from lighting system
Why is learning how to use DAWs appear more difficult than Video editing programs?
Are outboard processors dead?
Boost volume of track in GarageBand
Is Garage Band a viable tool for home recording?
General advice about sound spatialization
Noise removal vs. adding bed noise
General rules for panning?
How do mp3 encoders compress audio?
How should you mix / master when producing music for Video Games?
What is &quot;latency&quot; in a digital recording studio?
Potential problems with chaining mic cables?
Shield my amp from my cell phone?
What is the difference between Autotune and a Vocoder?
How to recognize if Auto-Tune has been used in a recording? Is it needed?
Help choosing audio rip format for longevity.
How do song recognition services (like Shazam) work?
DIY Portable Anechoic Chamber
Really weird DIY shotgun mic (old, yes, but I just found it again...)
Organizing Libraries
How to approach M&amp;E Mixing
What are your favorite spectral tools?
Understanding Convolution Reverb
Any good sites for collaborating on small projects? ie animations, short films etc?
Portable Mic Preamp... Suggestions?
What &quot;Boutique&quot; SFX collections would you like to see made available?
Working/Apprenticing in post houses
Schoeps Microphone Trivia
Atmos recording: MS vs. AB vs. XY vs. ORTF
Listening to your own work.
What&#39;s your method of making time slow down?
Professional Sound Designers - Do you make a comfortable living?
Electronic Sounds, interface bips
Would you rather use flat headphones for monitoring?
How do I prepare my sound files professionally to share with others?
Creating insect-like voices for talking flies
What does the future hold?
REQUEST: Windmill recordings
Thinking outside the &quot;box&quot;
Sound Design Documentation
Handling handling noise...
Automating a Dialogue/Foley Reverb
How do you make fairly portable Foley surfaces?
&quot;Underwater&quot; sound tricks!? How do you make it sound underwater-y
Question of ownership
Feedback on sound challenge webpage.
Artist or technician?
Harmonics and InfraSound
Avant Garde Enthusiasts (drone, noise etc..)    
Frequency and emotional response
Moving worlds within audio post
How much differnce does a good headphone makes in recording ?
Mid/Side, is it magic? But how does it know its left from its right?
Lav mic mounting tips
Procrastinate Schmrocrastinate
Weirdest thing you&#39;ve ever done for sound
Pistachios - Taste and Sound Great
What non-standard gear is an important part of your kit
Some Gear Prawn
Sound or Audio?
What is your voice, as a sound designer?
Practical Application of Binaural Sound Recording
Are you a windjammer hair stylist?
Referring to Yourself as a &quot;Sound Designer&quot; When Starting Out
how to record wind?
What do you get when an iPod goes through a washing machine?
Is this the Zoom killer?
IMDB Etiquette: Can you just claim your role?
What was the job you were most proud of doing in 2011?
I created an audio-focused puzzle game, and you should give it a shot. :)
To compress or not to compress....
copyright on mechanical sounds
How to make nice whooshes??
Sounds for your downloading pleasure - &quot;Machines in a Bullet Factory&quot;
Sonic equivalent to the Uncanny Valley?
Illiciting Negative Emotional Responses in Listeners
Free Kontakt Wings Instrument
How do you reverse engineer a sound?
How to learn about audio recording and production
What could be causing audible clicks in Tracktion 3 on Windows?
How to cleanly punch piano?
How do you remove white noise from recordings?
How to get line-level record-out on Behringer X2442-usb?
Doubling a track
How far apart temporally can two sounds be heard while still sounding like they are playing at the same time?
How do I mic an upright piano to get a nice stereo effect
Wait to unplug with phantom power
Can I record a sound frequency I can&#39;t hear and play it back so I can hear it?
Is it better to use a DI unit or USB audio interface to connect guitar to PC?
Normalising volume across thousands of files
Using stereo to re-create a stage effect, or to enhance the experience?
Converting voice into modem sounds
What&#39;s the difference between dynamic and condensor microphones?
How to eliminate guitar amp hum (software and hardware amps)
What is the best way to mic a hammered dulcimer?
What do I need to make reasonable quality amateur recordings of vocals/piano to put on Youtube?
In what units is a sample&#39;s amplitude value represented, and how it relates to the real world?
Software for Live Multi-Tracking Recording &amp; Mixing
Voiceover drowns in music. How do I make it more dominant?
Vocals plugin or Robot voice
Adjusting MIDI latency in Ableton Live
Eliminating recording latency -- what hardware and settings are needed?
Using an Electronic Drum Kit as a MIDI controller
How can I make a section in a song sound like it&#39;s coming from an AM radio?
DIY MIDI knob Controller
How do I sync a Mac and Windows laptop running Ableton Live?
Can I create multiple mixes within the same project in Logic?
MIDI SysEx utility?
Lavalier for video production
Setting up a home &#39;vocal booth&#39;
What are the most used types of microphones and what are they best used for?
I want the perfect gun sound, can I make it myself ? Any tip/theory ?
In Ear Monitors - Alternatives?
How do I synthesize this sound?
Why is my cutting equalizer increasing output level?
Why does your voice sound different when you record it?
What is the resolution of human hearing?
Mixing piano and guitar
Audio tweaks pre-encoding for high quality MP3 output
How can I get good reverb with audacity?
Does headphone impedance make any difference except for volume?
In which situations is Audio Expansion applied (opposite of compressors)?
A mathematical formula describing Mains Hum
What causes the background hissing in speakers?
Useful reviews or &quot;best&quot; iPad remote automation controller for Pro Tools?
Stereo and mono cables and jacks? What happens when you cross them?
Strip Right channel in GarageBand
How can I reduce noise with many cables?
How to read and use a Phase / Vectorscope
How do I use Audacity to make two tracks match volume?
Ableton Live Instruments and Effects Have Disappeared From The Library...How to get them back?
What exactly does it mean to normalize a track/how it is done?
What is the best way of dealing with latency in Ableton?
why is higher sample rate changing the sound for the worse? I think its changing the pitch
How to move a sound back and forth or up and down
Is a MIDI-enabled keyboard and a Windows machine enough by itself to record piano music well?
Mono mixing - How to avoid mono &quot;fatigue&quot;?
How can I pop out a pushed in woofer dome?
Propellerhead Reason: Tutorials?
How can I clean up my laptop&#39;s sound card input?
Delay vs reverb
Is there any free tool to generate a tone with gradually increasing pitch?
Rule of thumb for the level of pre-show music in a theatre?
Best vst for realistic violin articulations (disco)
How can I qualify differences between compressors?
Difference between TRS and XLR connectors
Reducing breath noise
How can I improve the tone quality of a clarinet track?
Meaning of Feat. | Pres. | Vs. | &amp;
How do you handle performers that want to &quot;fix it in the mix&quot;?
Uses for Ring Mod
Demo samples of common effect presets
When does playing 320 Kbps MP3 instead of FLAC matter?
Recordings the Americas by motorcycle
Looking for inspiration to create a &quot;swarm sound&quot;
Origin of the traditional Hollywood silencer sound?
What does warm mean?
How to dress when recording Foleys?
Compressor vs Volume
How to make money with sound design.
The Obligatory &quot;Post Your Rig&quot; thread...
Movies with &quot;POV&quot; of deaf characters
Whats the best way of presenting a sound design showreel ?
Techniques for making a crowd sound bigger and fuller
Hmmm what about Sound Design talk? (jet engines)
Do you design sound for video games as well as film and television?
What behind the scenes videos about sound design would you recommend watching on the web?
Composition versus sound design, what&#39;s the difference?
DIY contact microphone
How long do you usually take on a effect/on a track?
Recording Glass Shatters
Mics for metal (screaming vocals)
How do I record snow-based foley without real snow?
How much should I charge to edit dialogue for a video game?
While editing dialogue, what tool do you use to eliminate clicks within words?
Jurassic Park - Classic Roar
Tips on Recording Gunshots
How can I create, or where can I find a decent neck breaking sound?
&quot;13 Ghosts&quot; voice effect 
How are your Quickeys workflows?
How do you create the deadliest sounding gunshots?
Foley Recording Musts
Parachute Sound?
How do I make &quot;sound booth&quot; sounding ADR sound natural?
Pro Tools on Windows vs. Mac: Any difference?
How to Develop Critical Listening Skills?
Wall of sound - sifting through it
Tips on recording animals 
What does it all mean when people say : &#39;Come to the studio and see what we do...&#39;?
keeping insects away from furry windscreens
Suggestions for a tensioned rope effect?
Do you do any mastering to your film mixes?
The Value of Home Studios in The Professional World
Best way to format a drive for sound?
Developing a workflow for editing and mastering raw material
Goddess Voice Mix
Can instrument effects pedals be used for (live) vocals?  Either at mic level or line level?
What sounds can be effectively recording using just one channel (mono)?
We need a Poll/Survey Generator for SSD, don&#39;t we?
What&#39;s your strategy behind 192kHz recording?
Where do you shop for used gear?
Post project archival
Best way to clean up plosives
Field Recordists - How do you protect your mics on the way to the field?
Is Sound Design the Best Job Ever?
Happy accidents/unexpected discoveries in SFX recording
Favorite plug-ins for building creature vocals
Research/Investigation into fields of sound design
Exported Region Groups or Sound Packs for TV Sound Designing?
Ambience cuts between shots
Removing Reverb
What do you say when a client asks for more?
Sound Design and Sound Mix
Use of Master faders in a PT mix
What bag do you use for your field recorder?
How reliable is Plural Eyes for syncing? 
When worldizing a voice, do you capture ambience tracks?
Baby voice-over
Top-Down Perspective Game Audio
How Did They Do That?? Vol. 1: The Predator &quot;clicks&quot;
Contract examples
workflow: spotting with the client
An Education in Storytelling
Boom op clothing
(UK) Sidestepping into film sound... a possibility?
Any good use for digital distortion?
What speakers do you use for Worldizing...
Audio Illusions
Scanner/Radio/Transmission Fans out there?
If you could tell your picture editor anything... 
Film school: Worth it or not?
How do you wander about with your Handheld Recorder?
a day or two without sight
The Softer Side of Sound Design
NAB 2011 - Findings
Microphone Evaluation Sessions
The Bare Minimum
Death of Osama Bin Laden -- so who&#39;s recording the crowds in NYC and outside the White House?
Any tips on creating &quot;dangerous/harsh&quot; backgrounds
Have any of you tried Soundtorch? 
Damaged Ears are common
Trouble creating Punching SFX
Iphone 4 field recording
Thoughts on Ableton Live?
Sound Librarian (The Job-Title, Not The Software)
Lemmings woke my cat
Finding Used Equipment
Share your audio jokes.
Distortion - how?
How do you become the best freelancer possible....
Sound Designer&#39;s Commentary
Cutting a car chase
prepping tracks for international release (M&amp;E)
Christmas day = dead quiet city. what to record?
Video Editing Sound Designer
Have you a favourite film about sound?
Which stem would breathing go in?
Have you ever turned down work for moral reasons?
Explain the Fletcher-Munson Curve To An Idiot
inexpensive soundproofing material
Edit Changes for a Feature-Length
Room tone/atmosphere from the point of view of a shrunken person
Location recording of skateboard
Emotional Monster Voices
Golden Mean/Flower of Life/Rule of Thirds and Sound
Why can cheap mics be eq to sound like expensive ones?
Female Sound Designer/Engineers/Editors????
Pro Tools 10:Region Gain
The Best of Simple Ideas
Tips for cutting bullet bys
What is everyone doing for contact mics?
What is the most invaluable advice, tip or trick you have learnt through Social Sound Design?
Pro Tools to VCR to Pro Tools
Recording experiments at 192kHz: what to record?
How to make a sound of dragon roar?
Bassline Not Audible on Laptop Speakers
Individual performing complete band performance (eg rock) by sequentially recording each instrument
Why do my vocal recordings sound thin and muffled?
Voiceover workflow tips? (Specifcally, workflow and processing...)
Where do the actual sounds come from in electronic music?
Is it possible to set up a live multitrack recording rig with what I have?
Recording gear for (small) children: Recommendations?
Help with mastering
Miking a djembe
Control Synths with Voice
Remixes, Sampling and The Law
Modern rock bass drum recording techniques
Zoom H2 recording levels are too low
After modifying the tempo of a recording I get a echo/ripple -- how do I remove that?
Stream Windows audio over the network
How to judge preamp and A/D quality on a USB audio interface?
how can I make sounds of different frequencies appear subjectively equally loud?
Best setup for a portable studio?
extract specific frequencies from audio
Do audio interfaces output sounds from my computer or only from the input devices?
How do I mic a violin?
&quot;Subtracting&quot; specific audio using an Isolated track from the same mix.
Rendering vs. recording in ableton live?
How do I properly set levels for a recording and the environment I&#39;m mixing in?
Why does higher quality audio have lower volume?
Does cpuscaling have any signifcant effect on audio production?
How to loop vinyl records?
Transposing Instruments in Logic Pro
Keyboard in a musical pit band
What is the most effective way to reverse engineer SysEx format for my old Yamaha CS1x
How to Change Pitch Bend in MIDI?
How to reduce bleed on vocal and instrument mics in a live recording?
Looking for a MIDI note re-mapper VST.
What the difference between the types of dithering algorithms in Logic Pro?
Is it possible to move multitrack files between sequencers?
Can MIDI Designer control other iPad apps?
Exporting multiple tracks to MIDI in Ableton Live
How do I match a microphone to a preamp
Is there a significant difference in sound quality between 1/4&quot; jacks and three pronged XLR inputs for microphones?
Tips for silently prompting people to not get too close to mics?
Does constant phantom power (24/7) to a microphone wear it out faster?
Recording acoustic guitar with Zoom H4
What are those switches on my microphone, having something to do with directions?
Podcast recording tips
Bluetooth headset as a microphone
How to create the muffled sound effect like hearing through walls?
Live rock band having issues with vocals being buried
Is it wrong to use compression on the master bus?
How can an electronics person start to reverse-engineer analog synth sounds?
How can I lock my keyboard?
How can I reduce interference with two radio microphones?
I would like to learn to mix tracks into a DJ set - where should I start?
What is a snake and what are they used for?
Keeping multitrack files online
How to avoid a muddy mixdown?
6 ohm speakers and 8 ohm receiver
Understanding waveform representation?
Audio Mixer Inputs and Outputs
Will a magnetically shielded studio monitor mess up my hard drive?
Sound system for home theater and band
Does buying Komplete 8 help me at all if I already own Ableton?
Voiceover Recording Equipment
Cooled, soundproof enclosure for a noisy laptop in a bedroom studio?
Stereo imaging with headphones
In Ableton, how come cropped samples aren&#39;t cropped as much when imported later?
Filter applause from videos
How to avoid clipping when explicitly adding audio tracks?
What is the outside volume of open and semi-closed headphones?
Is it worth supporting VST3?
VST Issue with REAPER and Superior Drummer
Proper way to wear Grado headphones?
Headphone cables: Coiled v.s Straight
What video editing software allows for easy alignment of visual transitions with the soundtrack?
Is it possible to loop MP3 without gaps?
In what ways does mp4 improve on mp3?
What happens when you save a MP3 with a higher quaility?
What are good alternatives to studio foam for a home studio?
How do I generate a chord (one bit)?
How to make feedback in Ableton Live?
Sequencing with VSTs - does 64bit matter?
&quot;Extreme&quot; EQ curves
How can I get my drum and bass hihats and snares to sound correct?
Reason: Why do my songs sound dull and soft?
Multiple loop phrases in Ableton looper?
How do you properly place studio monitors cheaply?
Online Collaboration Sites
Better playback in Sibelius
What causes a buzzing that goes away when I touch the jack?
Reproducing a reverb/echo
How can I cut out a particular instrument in the same pitch range as other instruments I don&#39;t want to cut?
How do I make my guitar sound as smooth as possible?
Are there any drawbacks when recording instruments out of order according to the preferred method?
Real time fx in Reaper
List of free notation software
Setup, EQ changes based on tuning of guitar
What is the key parameter for a sound card, if I want to record at home using Guitar rig?
Audio tracker for Linux with support for VST/VSTi
Will a generator work with a portable DJ setup?
Is there any Windows, Mac, or Unix software similar to LSDJ for writing &quot;chiptunes&quot;?
How to improve live sound within poor stage layout?
Side chaining noise gate
Are there any free reverse delay AU plugins
How to use CV Piano in FL Studio?
Appropriate Subwoofer Coverage
Does anyone have any experience with available RTA software packages for live venue application?
What is the &#39;click&#39; noise that an amplifier makes after you turn it on/off?
How to check a Master Audio CD for Errors?
Digital Effects Unit
Which distortion pedals have a strong low and low-mid frequency response?
FL Studio: How can I change the instruments of an imported MIDI file?
Is there still any reliability gap between digital and analog mixers
Difference between 3.5mm and quarter inch plug?
What is a &quot;ducker&quot;?
Sample-accurate AIFF to WAV conversion on Mac OSX
Can I use front-ported monitors against a wall (or crowded desk) without problems?
Creating a classic ska sound
Any small bus-powered USB mixers on the market?
Which effects should I place on return tracks?
What&#39;s the difference between a compressor and a maximizer?
What subjects would you like to see investigated and reported on in the world of sound for picture?
What are some tips and techniques on recording paper, pencil, chalkboard and other often harsh sounding foley?
Foley Metal Footsteps
Sound Design depicting mental illness in film
USB input high-pitched whine
How would one &quot;morph&quot; human vocals with a bat scream?
Making a &quot;Gears turning&quot; Effect, and then grinding to a halt
Need help cleaning, and editing sound effects using multiple mics
Any documentary films on Sound Design in Film?
Why Are Professional Sound Libraries So Noisy?
Why some people high pass and low pass in final mixing? And why some don&#39;t?
Sound Recording for Film
Book recommendations on surround sound
10 best sites for sound design tips &amp; tricks???
Sound off on Noise Reduction!
What are your favourite sounds?
How do you record your ambiences? 
Getting past your sound design &quot;writing blocks&quot;
Good visual source material to practice sound design on?
Have you ever had trouble with the authorities while recording?
How do binaural recordings sound in a typical stereo situation?
Outboard Processing/Pedals?
Really nice sound!
Travelling with gear (customs)
What makes a sound funny?
How do you stay original?
Tripods/Grips for Handheld Recorders
Usefulness of &quot;guerrilla&quot; vs. &quot;pro&quot; recordings
Zoom H2 Frequency Response - 70hz?
Timecode irregularity post
Pro Tools vs Logic...
SAMPLERS: What are you using?
How important is union membership for sound designers and production sound mixers?
Futz to make a good newscast sound?
How to widen a sound effects dynamics? Uncompression?
Recording a wheelchair
Tiny footsteps/foley?
Favorite Mic for Dialogue
In ear headphones for stealth street recording
Got any good stories of dangerous recording?
Recording location dialogue
Do you sit in on the mix?
Sound design courses and full education programs.
What is your favorite scream?
Embedding or attaching a picture when cataloguing sound FX
Hearing protection during editing/mixing sessions
SPL Meter Question
SPL During Mix Sessions on a Stage
Nice SFX recording mics that are cheap enough that you wouldn&#39;t be too upset if they were blown apart in a freak recording accident?
What&#39;s a good basic mic set for recording SFX
What&#39;s your favorite mix / sound design from a Suspense Thriller?
Best use of sound design in a comedy?
Sound design Education
Video game sound design
recording outdoor crowd walla
How do I practice Sound Design?
Video Game Trailer Critique?
most annoying sound ever
How would you get your career started?
From PA to Location Audio or Sound Designer
Career Potential in Field Recording
How Do You Hone Your Acoustic Storytelling Skills?
How do I get meaningful experience if I&#39;m in the middle of nowhere?
What&#39;s Your Preferred Method of Pitch-Shifting?
Disorientated Slow Motion Film Effects
Noise reduction on my library sounds? Yes or no?
Making dialogue more intelligible through M&amp;E
Should we bring the apprenticeship back?
The bright side of compressed time schedules?
Designing a Humongous God-voice
What are some sounds that interest you?
what would be the minimum required knowledge to start an internship/apprenticeship? 
What to buy 744T with TC-Slate or H4N with regular slate?
Getting ambience when it is really quiet.
Speaker set-up for a projector
Matching Dialogue between different takes
How bright should Dialogue be?
re: recording ultrasonic frequencies
Wind Protection - options
What does Foley mean?
Recording Guns Indoors
Linking to Source Media in Final Cut OMFs
How would a virtual sound design internship work?
Sound Libraries Index
Technical question about Foley
Sound Design in Argentina Documentary
The &quot;make-a-sound-thin&quot; thread
What do you automate and what do you audiosuite?
What records well to tape?
Feedback for new blog..  Free Samples!
Ever notice that Laughter has a definite rhythm?
Electronic Sparking/Arcing Sounds
How to capture tire (tyre) textures when recording vehicles?
Hey Guys Girls, so who Tweets here?
Will I really have to spend $2000 for an MBox 2 Pro and DV toolkit so that I can learn it while being able to read OMFs?
Who out there still uses Master Faders anymore? 
Who has / uses a single point surround mic?
Body Falls, Punches, and the like
Advice for recording in high humidity
Using Poly Wav files in Logic Studio 9
Any feedback on the monthly Sound Design Challenge now that it&#39;s done?
Best quality, affordable Shotgun mic
Dia always the same level?
What are some of your favorite voice effects?
How do you bill for video game sound effects?
Processing Whooshes
Showreel focusing on dialogue editing and location recording
Creating Large Animal Breathing Sounds
You ever get that quitting feeling?
What were some of your first projects?
Inspiration from the world of music production
Useful ways of using Strip Silence
Sound Effects libraries and structuring
Is there much of a penalty for missing deadlines?
pirate audio samples - how risky is it really?
Theater Sound Design Resources
Anyone use XLR caps in the field?
Finding Audio Work - where do you look? 
Mixing Battle Scenes In Surround
Has anyone got experience with the Tascam DR-680?
Foreign field audio?
Implying gracefulness 
Radiofrequency hearing
Equipment affected by cold/altitude
sfx library codewords
Creative Commons and Copyright
Transcription of interview with Dane Davis
Alternative to standard Sony PCM D50 windsock?
Pro Tools HD 9 vs Nuendo 5
Do you do long takes or short takes when recording SFX?
The future in sound design and plug-in technologies
How to tackle long hours of boom operation?
Mixing Midside Mid and Side Brands
How Did They Do That?? Vol. 2: Ghostbusters “proton pack”
Decreasing the pace of footsteps once they&#39;ve been added (in Pro Tools)
Reference movies for dialog panning 
Divergence in Surround
Fieldmixer / Recorder combo suggestions?
Infrasound, 19Hz, Resonating Eyeballs and Other Psychoacoustic Tricks
What do you know about people who design audio equipment?
Finding things to record on the go
What could a future (software) interface for sound-design/mixing look like?
Quoting for post sound production.
When the ears refuse to talk to the brain, what do you do?
De-Sickness plug-in?
work and reconform or wait?
Twitter Users on here?
Production sound mic mixing
Working with video editors
Separating Early reflections from Diffuse in an Impulse Response
Massive thread of ideas, processes, processing, techniques, examples, to help you help yourself (while sharing with others)
Client asking for sound files
Earbud recommendations?
Where&#39;s Wilhelm?
Starting before picture lock
WTF? Zoom h4n rattle.
How do you thank somebody for letting you record their stuff?
N00b to Max/MSP 
Microsound/Fourier/Granular Synthesis
Tips on creating &quot;frozen bodypart ripped apart&quot;
How many of you went to school for sound?
Is it bad to plug in a mic when phantom power is on? 
Using a expander for noise reduction, Yes or No
Rate of Pay for Services
Smashing a car windshield
Looking for dream sequence references
Free VST Effects and Instruments
How do you &#39;cleanse the pallet&#39;?
Ear Protection While Cycling
Dialog Editing Compression?
How to deal with a bad film?
iZotope RX vs RX 2 vs RX 2 Advanced?
Doin&#39; It Stereo in the Field
Radio Drama Anyone?
Deals Deals Deals
Physical reactions to sounds you know really well
recreating the dialogue sounds of the 60s
Phaser/Flanger/Frequency Shifter - helicopter propeller
Tackling the 100-200Hz mix overload
City ambiences: what do you need?
Masters Research Paper Survey 
Engineering Sounds
The Speed of Sound: Why does the sound of a car approaching lasts shorter than passing on?
LOUD MEAN DRAGON
Recording actors on roller blades
Why do some companies still sell SFX with 44.1 kHz sample-rates ?
Production Audio Check List
Sound Design on Tribes: Ascend - Part 2
Alternatives to Waves S360&#176; Imager plugin?
Contact Mic alternative to Barcus Berry
Upgrading my gear - would love some input! Mics, field recorders and wind protection.
Getting into business after 25? .)
Social Sound Design Meetup?
Business Cards / Titles
iPad controller app for Pro Tools
Worry about broadcast specs on LtRt/LoRo fold-downs?
Accidentally Mimicking the &quot;Pros&quot;: Healthy?
How to give a feeling of distance/position
Game Audio Culture
Radio Spot Specs
Dialogue Recording Levels
Old camera flashes 
Writing Sound for a movie
Creating high frequency tones /shimmering metals
a de-esser request...
Questions you want answered at AES?
Placing sounds in the distance, outdoors
Contract examples for location recording...?
Footsteps for Kontakt
looking for training / sound design studies
Glitchy sound design how-to? Example inside
Rode Boom pole enquiry
Holiday Gifts for Sound Designers?
Quick survey re: magical sounds
The Boring Stuff - Bookkeeping: Do you do it? Which program do you use?
Black Friday Discounts
Use of library sounds vs recording from scratch?
Is pro tools worth it?
Designing Game Menu/Interface Sounds?
Un-easy frequencies used in film to create tension?
Best shoes for a boom-op?
New Sound Design Samples...Junebugs, Trams and Icemakers Oh My!
Rigging Microphones in Cars
Best Condenser for &lt;$100?
top 8 foley pit surfaces?
lip syncing dialogue any tips?
Where does one get started looking for a sound designer?
Scifi Laser Sounds - What works for you?
Asked to use copyright material instead of original
Perhaps SSD needs a chat space??
How do you get to know microphones and decide on microphone purchases?
8bit old school nintendo sound FX
Middle Eastern Atmos
Have you ever been a laugh man?
Sound vs. Space
Izotope&#39;s  Iris vs Camel Audio&#39;s Alchemy - Initial reactions?
if you were a teacher in sound design...
Cigarette smoke and mics
Sound Design on Tribes: Ascend with ProTools signal generator.
Queen&#39;s Jubilee Celebrations
Field Recordists: What is your post workflow?
Procedural Audio (in Game Sound Design)? - General Discussion
Sound Design &amp; 5.1
Add Metadata To Impulse Responses
New Product: LEAP
Any tips on getting permission to record in secure places
Are there tools to seamlessly loop sounds?
BBC - The Alchemists of Sound
How do you record loud sounds?
Working by yourself
Lite wind/air libraries
LFO sounds in nature
Best online website for hunting used field recording gear
Does it stay this fun?
Creative Use Of BGs In Film
Sound Library Usage for Freelancers
When and how to set the limiter while mixing film?
Early Reflections?
sound of flour monster
Printing Press Recordings.
Recording BIG Sounds
Sound Design in Anime
To vocode or to convolve, that be the question....
Awesome solution - Zoom H6 Handy Recorder !!!
The issue of Mentorship for entering the industry for the 1st time
Basic convolution of two sound files
gift ideas for an aspiring sound designer
How to design lava/volcano sounds
Fastest way to manual sync Audio rushes in Pro Tools 10 *** without EDLs***?
Recording shouted dialogue
A Recording Ethics Question/Survey
How do I name all these telemetrics sound effects?
Over-sensitive ears
How to record one or several celli?
What is the best drums midi recorder?
How to record from two PC microphones with one computer?
My instruments sound muffled on consumer gear and radio, even though it sounds okay in the studio? What can I do to fix it and why is it like this?
What type of information can I get from the waveform and the spectrum of audio?
How should I compare headphones?
General (studio) headphones question; impedance, tonality, mixing
How do monitor speakers not produce feedback?
FLAC vs MP3 (Lossless vs Lossy)
Vectorized audio? Does it exist? Its pros and cons? Which formats?
Saving modified MIDI patch information within track data itself
What to fix first, audio or video?
Garageband export volume issue
Recording with Ableton - good or bad idea?
Can sounds I can&#39;t hear be dectected and recorded?
How do below-freezing temperatures affect audio equipment?
Is there a &#39;diff tool&#39; for audio?
How can I invert the amplification of two tracks?
Not enough patches in my stage piano
Preserve embedded album art when converting from .flac to .ogg
How to loop an engine sound so that it doesn&#39;t sound looped?
Clean up Lecture recordings
How do audio engineers (physically) treat rooms for studios?
Why does does my audio go out of sync every time I reencode either the audio or video stream?
How should I start recording my band?
Wireless mic problem: Amplitude sounds like it is &quot;jittering&quot; up and down by a few db
Record a video without static noise
Does hardware DSP help with plugin processing?
Downmix to audio 2.1
How to display video via audio from a computer
TV commercials that start with a voice over, and later cut to the narrator
How can I create dubstep-style wobble bass lines in Audacity?
How to avoid/remove the hissing in your recorded audio track.
Second Microphone for Stereo Recordings: Identical or Different?
Which music sw should I consider for aligning audio waveforms to MIDI piano roll, looping MIDI, managing program change, SysEx?
Does this sound wave of a voice-over track look normal?
fast routing (switching) of a single output to n distinct monitors
Software that actually produces instrument sounds
Record a live show on 6 tracks
How to record yelling?
Simple free program to add audio to video?
Determining streaming container format
Is it common to have problems when recording audio on a computer as opposed to a multi-track recorder?
Planning a simple setup for recording violin
Playing a channel whilst recording another in Sound Forge
Fix for terrible &quot;Hard Drive Noise&quot; Audio Interference?
Recording from Turntables to Laptop causes heavy distortion
How can I record my singing voice the way I hear it?
Heavy Metal Vocal Equipment and Processing?
Acoustic guitar sound of Dylan MTV unplugged
How can I automate/loop signature changes in Ableton?
looking for software for converting audio -&gt; midi
Does Logic Pro have a scripting language?
Replace-recording for MIDI in Logic Pro
Is it possible to connect an Alesis DM6 to Reason and track drums?
Which software sequencers are good for live performances?
Does Logic Pro support Rewire 64-bit (for Reason 6)?
Cubase, midi device and Latency
Will an Emagic Logic Control work properly with Logic 8 or 9?
Mapping Mod and Pitch bend controls to a knob in Ableton?
Patch Change with MainStage does not sync UltraBeat Patterns
Creating MIDI Files - Explanation of time division in header chunk
Does Logic 9 solve the lost MIDI mapping problems that were present in Logic 8?
How to connect two (2) MIDI devices to an Audio Interface with only one (1) MIDI In port?
How to sync playback control of Record and Reaper, without ReWire?
difference between channel and track in midi files
Pro Tools MIDI setup
MIDI/OSC: Control Surface status
Is there a wifi MIDI controller keyboard?
Gang Vocal Recording Techniques
How to amplify mans voice in a noisy recording?
Do all USB microphones that offer &#39;monitoring&#39; appear as output devices to the computer?
Shotgun on boom or handheld?
Power supply noise in cheap condenser mic: is this normal?
Can&#39;t get rid of this humming noise in recordings
Using both dynamic and condenser microphone to record vocal?
How can I clean vocal microphone grill?
Single-mic close-miked solution for acoustic guitar?
Micing a big square room
Where did the 3:1 rule come from?
Microphone for recording sounds on the Mac?
How do I use a microphone on my PC sound card to automatically create a &quot;sweet spot&quot; with excellent frequency response?
Recording/mixing/mastering drums
Techniques on Mastering
Side chain sources for a compressor working on a guitar or bass signal?
How to record my Mackie digitally via USB?
Setting up Tascam FW-1804 with newest MacBook Pro model
How can I properly use/opmize REWIRE to join Ableton Live 8.2 and Reason 5
Good soundcard for Windows 7, no latency audio + MIDI in/out
Where can I find a multioscillator synth?
Low-cost WEARABLE midi motion sensors
Reason ReWire Problem in ProTools LE 7.4.2
How do I mic a drum set for live recording a rock band?
Synthesizer patch - how to make a glassy sound
Do you know other wave equations?
Solo a track with a Gate sidechained to a grouped track?
How can I simulate a palm mute effect in Reason?
How to merge time-lapse videos and soundtrack?
Using effects without dry/wet parameter in Cubase
What is this incredibly annoying noise?
Totally confused with the plethora of different electronic music production hardware; any way to work out what they do?
Ableton: How do I automatically make a Clip &quot;on beat&quot;?
Easy to use open source DAW?
Do any of the popular DAWs allow you to insert a &quot;pause&quot; into a project.
How early, how often do I need to mix-down?
How can I get rid of phasing on source audio?
What is this static in front of the audio in MP3?
What software is best to record stereo and encode mp3
How do you decide how much to charge a client for Audio / Music jobs?
Is it possible to get two-way audio using ReWire?
Is there something wrong with my ears? (perception of frequency and their dynamics)
Ableton Live - viewing / editing CC sostenuto data
Sending different ranges of frequencies to separate channels?
what causes the difference in cord quality between brands?
How do I keep a recording session tidy and organised
S/PDIF from PC to Mixer
Looking for ambient sounds that could pass as 1830&#39;s London
Going about creating a new song in a DAW?
Questions about simple single-track line-in recording
Which DAW, when rewired with Record / Reason, is better on system performance?
Headphone amp sliders are making noise. Worth fixing or not?
Should I ever use a bit depth less than 24 bits?
I have two computers with audio output, and I&#39;d like to monitor both, simultaneously, with one set of speakers. What do I need?
How to isolate specific sound from a sample in Ableton
TRS/TS vs RCA cable?
When should I trust my ears over the phase/vector/lissajous scope?
What are the differences between budget and more expensive hardware compressors?
Quick CD from Pro Tools mixes
What equipment do I need to transfer audio from MiniDisc to hard disk?
Stereo panning, headphones and speakers difference
Why do some musicians/groups create a last track with tons of silence in the middle?
Headphone amplifiers
How to get rid of static background hum
what is the purpose of a Aux return
Ableton Live - Editing / Moving multiple envelope points at the same time as your note data?
What are the challenges in audio for the bass line?
What is the difference between a balanced and unbalanced mono jack?
Speed up a selection in reaper
Freeware Guitar Amp Sim VSTs
Novation Launchpad as drum pads?
Is there a music genre or type of sound to help drown out background noise for the purpose of concentration?
How is Automatic Double Tracking (ADT) achieved using tape delay?
CAT5 UTP for Audio?
Is GarageBand not part of OSX anymore?
Fixing low-frequency hum in an undersaddle acoustic guitar pickup
Why do studio monitors use analog cables instead of digital?
What is a TRSF connector?
What&#39;s the vocal effect for the Vogons in the Hitchhiker&#39;s Guide to the Galaxy radio series?
What do various sounds look like on the wave spectrum
Organizing Nat sound in documentary film
VST Plugins similar to Dblue Glitch?
How do you replace a broken volume pot?
What is Presence?
How Do You Clean RCA Ports?
How to create soundbanks or similar type of resources
Scratchy volume pot
Sine wave frequencies
What is the difference between a 4-Bus and a 4/2 Bus mixer? What does the slash mean?
How do I fix clipping distortion in my audio recording?
Neutrik XLR 1/4&quot; Combo Jacks and Phantom Power
Maximum length for an unbalanced cable?
Is there ANY software that will play the lossless part of HD-AAC (aka MPEG-4 SLS)?
What are the Concentric Ring Connectors On Wireless Capsules called?
Batch conversion of Sounds with Different Format to one Format, how?
How important is &quot;finding plugins&quot;?
Is it safe to power audio devices on all at once with a single switch?
Best hardware / performance setup for softsynth storage and usage.
Tape for labeling gear with a marker?
Can I publish a DJ mix of current chart music online?
Placing Monitors On-Stage
Looking for a Sound Editor for Mac OSX
Free, newbie-friendly tracker software?
Acceptable hardware delay
Amplify a person&#39;s voice in a phone record
REQUEST: Playful elephants
Transpose a track 6 octaves in Ableton Live in realtime
How to choose a microphone for my requirements?
Films that push the boundaries of Sound Design?
Effective way to reduce breathing in ADRs and Voiceovers!
Lightning hit sounds with everyday objects?
What is Abstract Sound Design?
Where to find gusty wind recordings
Mix Up or Mix Down?
How To Make Cicada Sound
Sound Design Etiquette?
Why are they called DX, FX, MX?
Is there any reason that AudioEase couldn&#39;t make an IR from the Tenman Horn?
Video game music setup
Stereo Hydrophone Technique
Tools For Making Sample Libraries?
How To Create a Net Launcher Sound
What constitutes &#39;high-quality&#39; audio?
Is it recommended to record a whole album with an iPad only?
Any tips for close miking SFX and getting good transient responses?
Foley: a rolling rock
sound design for a quiet room
Sound Psychology an explanation
What is the &quot;level&quot; of Frequency Modulation of many synthesizers?
What can I research to back up my sound design?
Designing the sound of cities in a positive way. Any Ideas?
I want to know how to shout into my mic without distortion
How much of an effect does gain structure have on feedback?
Why is my mix sounding dull and amateurish?
Making dialog appear &quot;distant&quot;
Does a Headphone Amp Increase Output Volume?
Are flat-eq monitors actually necessary?
Audacity causing unwanted artifacts for high frequency sounds
Can I edit sound as fourier transformations?
Can you suggest a good contact mic for sound design? (average cost of proposal would be much appreciated)
A good value sound library search engine for the Mac?
How do you insure your gear?  Or do you?
hmm... Demo Reel??? yeah right!
Do you ever switch off when watching a movie or are you always listening like a pro?
Legalities of sport TV in background? 
How to buy music so that the greatest proportion of the money goes to the artist?
&quot;Guerilla&quot; (not &quot;Gorilla&quot;) sound recording
What sound samples haven&#39;t been recorded?
Tips for recording/designing ball kicks 
Paths to Pro work?
Best Convolution Impulse Response combos for SFX?
1-bit recording?
Favorite Zombie Sounds?
Best budget microphone to record foley
What is best way to record a doublebass in a home studio enviroment?
Which DAW do you use?
Worldizing and reamping experiences?
Pro Tools and Adobe Premiere
552 Mixer or 702 Recorder? (Sound Devices) 
Are you colorblind? [survey]
Timecode Standards
Sound design that cuts through crowd noise
TV Broadcast Levels
Getting rid of room sound on a voice recording? 
What term am I looking for?
Evaluation of sound designs.
More reliable hard drives?
Sounds in Surround
How to deal with OMF/AAF on PC platforms
Noise Cancelling Headphones
Sound Design Input Devices
Small budget solution for portable recording
Neumann KMR82i for FX recording
How do I make a lapel mic sound good?
Apprenticeship for Sound Designers?
M/S mic options
Pro Tools Hardware in the Home Studio
Sound effects library that is full of big rocks!
Mic Position and Acoustics
Free to use (CCL) animations to sound design
What&#39;s YOUR &quot;Wilhelm Scream?&quot;
Building a Soundscape
Mic Position for Footsteps
whoosh and blur sound effects
Turning over ADR
Your Favorite Sound to create 
Video Files, Frame Rates and Codecs Oh My
Neumann KMR 81i
How to get organised...
How can I make this deep thud sound, like a cannon in the distance?
converting Images into music masterpieces 
Decent and affordable home monitoring setup
Mixing for Television
Best Sound Design for a Villain
SCAD - Graduate Sound Design Program
Low-budget field recorder with good pre-amp
How do I charge for sound design?
Recording Sound Effects in Urban Environments
Tiny Perspective
Complexity in Cutting
iPod Apps to record sound
7.1 going to be the new standard?
Favourite Foley Props
When will films be mixed at 96K?
First EVER live-production student film...Audio and Video separate? 
Can you please explain &quot;Scanned Synthesis&quot;?
Attribution-License Sounds in a Demo Reel
How do you maintain good ear health?
Do you use keyboard to design?
Computers vs. handmade equipment
your favourite sound
Recommendations for a beginner setup
Length of time working on an unpaid internship
In the studio, should I have a sub or not?
Can you plan field recording to avoid flight patterns / air traffic?
My Academic Research- Would LOVE some suggestions!
The Sound That Got Away
What is the workflow for audio post for TV?
In defense of narration...
How often do you send mics to the doctor?
Having some absolute base quality sounds to use as a palette for sound design?
Using a Bow for Sound Effects
Creating sounds for a T-Rex?
What&#39;s the best city for sound designers to start their careers?
Mastering sound effects and impulse responses
Rock-solid telescoping mic boom arms?
Compression? When do you use it, if ever?
How are you using your channels in 5.1 mixes for TV
Making a sound that&#39;s loopable.
Does anybody know much about product sound design?
Suggestions on composer/sound designer relationships?
Recording Fireworks
What do you use Waves Enigma for?
Hydrophone Recording
An alternative to a blimp? (...a small pistol grip for example?)
Anyone using a SD 702 with a SD mixer?
In search of sound schools
Am I weird for wanting to buy this to record?
How far from traffic should you be to get a clean nature recording?
Figuring out if I&#39;m &quot;allowed&quot; to record something
recording motorcycle
How do you LICENSE your sound effects?
What to record in a 2-mile tunnel.
1800-ish SFX Library for film battle?
Looking for good resources regarding film analysis
What does the future hold for video game sound design?
Use of reverbs in mixing.
Creating &quot;Vintage&quot; Sound
Portable mic stands, laptop bags, bags for mics? (equipment for a travelling recordist)
Do you use reaktor, Max, PD?
How should I approach a stranger online about an internship?
Can we be sure that our sound design works?
Who uses Freesound.org on a regular basis?
What are some of the oddest filenames in your library?
What do colors sound like?
Recording on impulse! Strategies for being prepared?
While mixing, how aggressive should I get with EQing?
What&#39;s the best podium microphone?
UPDATE TECH QUESTION: Slow to boot Pro Tools 9
Sound Design Trivia Pop Quiz: In the hit song &quot;Thriller&quot;, where did the wolf howling sound effects come from in the beginning?
Recording MS without a decoder?
Do you use colored regions at all?
The best Pro Tools pitchshifter
What do you use to Conform to new picture cuts?
Uniqueness or quality?
Sound designing for an Iphone Game - approaches? 
What scheduling software do you use?
Old Movie Phasing
Low bitrate pitfalls
Who&#39;s using an Ebow and how?
Good references for learning Mixing?
Zoom H4N - Opinions?
Any SSD folks living near Belarus? There&#39;s a fortress there that needs to be recorded.
What are you using for waterproofing?
very old, early 70s if not earlier cassette tapes
Solo vs. Team - Sound Design
In defense of ADR editors...
Ratio of Size to Pitch and Time 
Need your input on software I&#39;m writing 
What is your favorite type of microphone cable?
Mechanical Robot Sounds - reference material
Lack of Actor&#39;s Breath
Making the leap from stereo to a multi-channel field recording rig...
Do you use power conditioning?
Translation of weird character voices
Microphone Disguising
what&#39;s your favourite sound design / musictech / pro audio magazine? 
How&#39;s the Zoom H1 working out for you?
Difference between Waves MaxxBass and Waves LoAir?
Shortwave Radio as a Sound Source
Volume output for theatrical release on DVD
Sound Devices usbpre 2 as a location field mixer, thoughts? 
pros and cons of a zoom h4n
Monitoring and frequency response in the studio vs. sound stage
Location Audio for &quot;Man vs. Wild&quot; - Methods/How?
That escalating illusion - remember what it&#39;s called?
Silence in your life
Broadcast Level Requirement
New product: Rode Lavalier Mic
Pro Tools 9 - Pros and Cons
How do you maintain and organize your sound library? (Literature/articles/videos, not SFX)
Rechargable Batteries
HDR AUDIO ? (in video games)
TAPESTREA: Exciting tools, anyone using this software?
Sound Designers Vernacular / Nomenclature
Binaural panning in Logic Pro for doppler effect?
Recording cello and electronics in a big room
Interesting find - LA2A Distortion
Field recording levels?
SFX recorded or library
Designing a Reverb
Game Audio for beginners
Pal to NTSC Conversion
Beautiful ambience. What does that mean to you?
Psuedo-Science of Sound. Sound healing and &quot;digital drugs&quot;. Is there a useful diamond in the BS rough?
Steps to sound effects editing and mastering? Sounds you recorded.
Low End on Small Speakers
How do you make BWF(metadata) originator info what you want?
Moving LPF&#39;s in UDK
Workflow Question: Batch splitting stereo tracks into mono?
Best animal to record?
Some questions about reconforming to new picture edits
University graduates - Do you offer your dissertation out on your website?
New synth for the new year (drone,industrial, metal, noise)
Newbie Sound Designer Would Love Some Feedback 
Kontakt or other sampler/synth software for sound design ? 
Design for throwing /axis rotate sounds
Hyper realism in sound design approach
What are some notable games for sound design that push the limits?
Sound Design - Stun Grenade 
What do you want out of the Sound Design Challenge in the future?
Check my work in progress (Graviii game)
Using limiters in a broadcast mix
Adaptive Engine - UDK
Alternative ways of adding presence to a voice than just EQ.
Final Mixer Vs. Mastering Engineer
How Did They Do That?? Vol. 3: Legend of the Guardians Dialogue
Free Level Meter Plug-in
Magnetism, microphones, and SD cards.
Advise on shooting on 16mm
Disagreements with the director.
AB Mic comparisons
Waves Sound Design Competition. What do you think?
Recording Foley with a ZOOM
What Are Your Workspace Preferences and Why?
Nature on the islands near Thailand
Tell us about the last movie you watched and what the best thing about the sound was.
sE Electronics Reflexion to improve field recording
Microphone test drive
Big Love Series Finale - Barb&#39;s New Car Scene - How&#39;d they get such clean dialogue?
Creative Spaces 
Pro Tools 9 and aggregate device use
A Patchbay for Anyone Who Is Broke.
Building the soundtrack
A Question about Diplomacy
Escalators.....
Giving Credit on Royalty-Free Sound Libraries
Source Material for Hits, Impacts, or Whooshes...
Keeping track of hours.
foley prop needed: a stack of cash
Advice for a beginner. (I know, I know..)
Audio Technica BP4025 for atmos???
production company websites: best of
How to make room tone more oppressive??
Waterproof covering for microphones
Rechargable Batteries for Radio mics
The Sound of &quot;Essential Killing&quot;
How to clean a microphone?
Etiquette when Micing High Profile People 
I have created FIRE!
Insects love boom ops!!
Hollywood Style &quot;Booms and swooshes&quot; for layering?
Help defining/sourcing a mechanical &quot;tak tak tak&quot; sound
If you could ask Walter Murch one question (or piece of advice), what would it be?
Whistling bomb sound
Animal Sounds Libraries
Ambisonic Sound for Film 
Thoughts on 3D Mic Pro by Mitra?
Tablet for Location or Live Audio
Acclimation for mics?
International Travel with a wireless kit?
Getting the inner thoughts right
When you are mixing dialogue, compression settings for stem
Is there scientific studies into certain frequencies relating to colours/light/mood?
What kind of problems can be avoided if the post sound people are consulted during pre-prodution?
First time field-recording! 4-channel vs. 2-channel stereo ambience
Sources of Distortion
Field recording in Tanzania, or South(ern) Africa
What sample rate do you use/prefer?
MP3 gapless looping help?
Sustainability in Audio
Apple TextToSpeech voice use: any legal issue?
48 Hour Film Project
My Career Options: GAME AUDIO SOUND DESIGNER or Wildlife Sound Recordist
A Motor/Engine Made of Wood
general ambiences with street music performance
Know Your Limits
FMOD Studio 2011
That deep Drone / Ambient texture
A basic question: What is the difference between Mono, Stereo, Dolby and Ultra-Stereo? (Don&#39;t worry, not looking for a detailed answer...)
Recording an Airshow. Any tips, does and donts?
Zoom H4N Adoration Post
Zoom H2n announced!
AVID Certification
Sound Utility Technician
Well Cataloged Airplane Sounds
Feature Lengths
SSL Boards and I/Os
sound request:modern prison doors and buzzers
An esthetic for evoking a loud(er) sound
Opportunity to record a building implosion
Problems with MKH 416 - Humidity maybe?
Magic Attacks Sounds 
Loop Group - Caveats?
International Partnerships
feeling of Height of sound source
Come on Irene! Hurricane recording
Hurricane Preparedness
X-Keys for DAW Control
Any tips for cutting/designing airplanes battle scene
Upsampling Sounds Prior to Processing
UPDATE: Anybody else waiting anxiously for the Sennheiser 8030?
Kill your plugins
DIY sound booth...is it worth it?
Audio effect of a person talking inside their head
Demo Game for fmod experimentation
Useful Human Vocalizations
Kung-Fu Foley Swooshes
5 Pin DIN to XLR/Jack for Old Old Old Microphones?
Questions about Ringtones in film and television
Does the use of ADR result in loss of characterisation?
How to handle a situation
Gear Acquisition Syndrome
Stereo ambience - microphone selection
replacing a zoom h4n with sony PCM D50
Reconforming workflow
Question: Fixing bad audio/Cleaning up single mic long dialog takes (film sound)?
Wood workshop recordings.
Theory of incorporating bone conduction (sound through solids) in sound design
Has anyone tried the same Schoeps capsule on both a digital and analog amplifier?
What in-line pad? Zoom and mixer questions
Sound Design Schedules
Sound Art/Installation
What is an acceptable noise floor for recording foley in a quiet room
Jecklin Stereo with Lavs?
Game Audio Course
would you answer this short questionnaire to help with university research - revised 
sound design / sound art / post-production magazine recommendation
Furthest Distance You&#39;ve Successfully Used a Dynamic Mic From?
SFX RAID - Drobo or Sans Digital?  Thoughts Welcome
Volume automation in music between dialogues.
Explaining dBFS for final mix and cinema spec
How would you sound design a monster made out of hair?
Audio hats that have the most pressure.
How many people use recordings from their Zoom or Handheld recorder?
How do you calibrate between a mixer and recorder?
Approaching dialogue recovery with clipped audio, what to do first? (DOCUMENTARY)
How do you combine boom mic track with lav mic track for best dialog?
What is the best sound you&#39;ve created by mistake?
recording dialogue for animation
How to study sound for any film?
Sound Design Reel 
Remote work, how do go about setting it up?
Christmas/Holidays Sales - Still growing...
Acoustics and Auralex?
When you are mixing dialogue with lots of BG noise...
How do you tell people what your profession is?
REQUEST: Archival recordings of metropolitan cities and traffic
FMod Memory Optimization
General Reel Feedback
Space Designer presets in Pro Tools
Voiceover editing procedure - tips please.
water resistant mic and recorder
Does the quality of picture affect the timbre of foley you record?
Fair royalties for a sound designer as a show tours 
Language Design/Conlang in Sound Art: Do you know any examples?
First time for &quot;proper&quot; Car recording. What TAPE to use to tape on car paint?
Mixers: What are your Dialogue Editing Preferences?
Weird car actions?
submerging/emerging from water
Best hand-to-hand fight scene
Recording vintage firearms
Getting Foot in the Door - Game Tester?
Beginning a new session!
Credit where it&#39;s due...
Demonic Possession: Morphing one characters dialogue to sound like another character
Do you charge late/cancellation fees?
Most number of Oscars won by a sound designer, re-recording mixer, editor ..
How to set the Zoom H4N for recording with external mic &amp; lav? 
Digital Movies and Frame Rates
Low  frequency snake repellant
What sound effects edit &#39;sound creation&#39; has stumped you like no other?
Workflow for exchanging &quot;temp mixes&quot; remotely.
De-Reverberator
Recording &quot;Bangs&quot; etc
Matrixing and Tuning of Speakers in Movie Theaters
how to build absence in a film?
Car tyre &amp; surface recording without engine sound.
Processing Crowds
Im trying to find Sounds from old bike dynamos
South African Sound FX?
SOUND OF HEAVEN
Picture editor- sound designer relationship/ workflow
Water Tight Templates?
How Do You Record Impulse Responses in Small Places?
Sounds of Iraq - natural environment
Hearing loss above 11 Khz
Soundminer tips/shortcuts/workflow ideas
Foley Editing for the mix
Release mechanism for car drop session
DIY Foley Stage / Pits
Which is better- boom micing or lapel micing
iceberg crackling
How Did They Do That?? Vol. 5: The &quot;Singing Sword&quot;
Is it good or bad to be a specialist?
Beginners sound kit - 1k budget
Favorite Alien / Monster Vocalisations In Film 
Sound of an inter-dimensional portal ripping/blasting open? 
What kinds of adhesive tape are essential for a sound recordist and Why?
Cell phone ringtone midi instrument pop music
Reverbs for Urban Exteriors
Dialogue Plugin Chain flexibilty and Bussing Preferences?
Recording Heartbeats
Endangered Sounds: Which sounds will be gone in a few years?
When cutting BG&#39;s..
Opinions re: modular mics and Neumann KM modular series
Travel tools for freelance gigs
What audio editor are you using?
How often do you record?
How do you make a scene sound/feel cold?
Metal stab sound
Avid&#39;s Structure sampler - who&#39;s building their own multichannel patches?
Any tips or thoughts on making fight scenes loud / mixing for The Internet?
what were your best recordings of 2012?
Online Sound Design Courses
**URGENT** TV Broadcast, Mixing Levels, Commercials, Tech Specs
Deaf or Blind, What Would You Rather?
Pro Tools 10 bouncing regions/cips with fades?
Regarding Showreels/Demo&#39;s/Etc on SSD
What are some curious, unusual, fun facts you know about sound? Needed for new audio puzzle game.
Learning to hear phase problems
Discounting the simple things...
How to make a figure of 8 out of three cardioids
Filling out the foley tracks.
Finding Props for sound
What do you expect from the picture editor?
DIY Aquaphone material selection
Sending low tone frequencies through water
Jim Stout videos
Pro Tools 11 here already?
Oblivion - Drone sound design...WOW
&quot;Work For Hire&quot; legal issues with sound design (specifically involving library sfx)
How does a forest sound through a 6 year-olds ears?
How do you let your boom op monitor audio
Making recorded ambient/BG sounds more like they&#39;re coming through a wall/window effectively?
How do you bounce back from a failure?
When would you use DC Offset?
Fostex FM3 Field Mixer
What&#39;s the best advice you&#39;ve received early on that&#39;s helped you in your career?
Volume automation and noise reduction
Behringer X32 digital feedback loop
How to create a Acid Synth Stab sound?
Difference between studio and hi-fi speakers?
Lost audio files - Making the most of onboard camera audio
Cutting in Foley/Feet via sound library vs recording
How do controllers fit into your design process?
Logic Pro Environment: Panning Signal Processing
How do you do waves &quot;at sea&quot;?
How to make two different recordings sound the same?
Waterproof microphone
How do I record songs straight from a vinyl record to a cassette tape?
Technical term for the visualization of an audio track?
Recording heavy metal guitars with almost zero budget
How wide are critical bands?
Pedals in Recording
What to look for in microphone to capture sound in larger area?
What is the difference between low-pass and high-cut filters?
Audio Mastering Book Recommendations
how to do mono to stereo conversion
Connecting a microphone to a camera with a 25 foot cable - is it possible?
Capturing Wedding Vows
Does Pro Tools (or any other DAW) have a feature like Logic&#39;s Quick Swipe Comping?
What should I be looking for in a shotgun mic?
What&#39;s the difference between a vocoder and a harmonizer?
recording with Shure SM7B is surprisingly quiet
Are there free records of separate piano notes in .wav files for instance?
Does correcting the speed of audio captured from vinyl at the wrong RPM degrade its quality?
What&#39;s the exact curve for natural audio fading?
Ascending Hi Cut Filter?
How to remove noise/hissing sound while recording from a Dynamic Mic
Digital Kazoo Filter
How to hook up guitar to Mac Pro?
Balance Main Mix Between Multiple Speakers
How to extend wave in cooledit so it will be 5 sec long insted of 3
iPod Recording Quality
Easiest way to convert audio tape to mp3?
Acoustic Violin Pickup : Fishman V-200 - possible setups
Audio setup for webcast interview
VST - Frequency Compressor?
Why does my sample become &quot;choppy&quot; when I change its pitch?
A few questions about beginning to record
Does having a long 3.5mm cable degrade audio quality?
What is the proper way to reduce audio sample rate and bit depth?
Generating massive-sounding duplicated noises
Creating transition with badly matching bpm tunes
Line input to an iPhone or iPad?
GarageBand: Create Apple Loop from m4a recorded piano files?
Where do electronic musicians get samples for remixing songs?
Zoom H2 recordings with two different mic settings. How can I match them now?
M-Audio FastTrack Pro levels are very low
How can I record piano on a laptop without high frequency wahwah?
How do I audio record a meeting with 10 people in a room 10ftx10ft
When should I use a separate preamp or field mixer when recording from a mic?
Which equipments can i buy to record sounds of animals and birds?
creating glissando/portamento with piano roll editors
How do I record multiple mics to a computer without a mixer?
How to handle the 2 kHz - 5 kHz frequency range in production?
Extracting conversations from a long WMA-File
Best Sony Vegas rendering options for audio-only on YouTube?
Equipment/setup recommendations (1 camcorder, 1 mic)
How do I broadcast a live event over a phone (land) line?
How can I record with Ableton Live ? My setup seems to be missing just one part at this point.
Should I use a standalone compressor/gate or do it in post?
Recording - Can you &#39;see&#39; if multiple microphones are in or out of phase
CuBase LE 5 Static Noises
Long audio recording solution
Export from garageband to audacity
Does combining the left&amp;right speaker signals cause me to lose part of the sound?
How do I fix the latency issue when recording through M-AUDIO Fast Track Pro USB Audio Interface?
I want to connect my iPod using the headset jack to a portable PA system and am worried about phantom power
Can I place a DI box between my amplifier and my guitar cabinet to record my signal?
Can a reverb processor compensate for a dead room?
How to improve recording signal quality/reduce noise?
Recording with a mixer
How do I remove echo from an audio recording?
Audio Interface &gt; Guitar Pedal Chain &gt; Audio Interface
What are the most common text-based music/audio notation systems?
Cubase Metronome silent
Voice recording for radio, what effects are used?
Can someone please explain to me what each bar of the equalizer means?
How Do I Publish My Own Song
Using simultaneous Focusrite 2i2 and 2i4?
What should I be looking for in an audio interface/field recorder?
Occasional pops in recording with Audacity and Roland Duo Capture
Noise cancelling solution near train tracks
How to do live monitoring of audio input on Mac? (i.e. hear the input sound on audio out)
Bass Inaudible In Mix Through Bad Speakers
Vocal mic placement, setup, and technique
avconv screen recording to FLV, audio drifts out of sync
How do I tell OS X that an arbitrary controller is a MIDI device?
How does sending MIDI over USB compare to using a dedicated MIDI interface?
Akai APC20/40 MIDI Control
Exporting Logic to Ableton?
Emulating spoken and rap vocals in MIDI
How do I examine controller data such as for the Sustain Pedal in Reaper?
Logic Pro - How to delete an empty MIDI section?
Unwanted quantize markers in logic pro
USB-MIDI controller freezes when used with live-drawing software &quot;Tagtool&quot;
Which software for adding triggers to an acoustic drum kit to make it into a USB drum kit?
How can I map midi controller faders to midi CC values through software in Cubase?
Is there software to capture and view raw MIDI data coming from a controller?
MIDI interface which is compatible with 2010 macbook pro
Does the Logic X Legacy and Compatibility content overwrite the new content?
Is there a way to use Virtual Instruments from ProTools in Logic?
Live control of rewired application parameter using MIDI controller in Ableton
MIDI CC Button Settings on a Behringer BCR2000
In Logic, can I change the settings of plugins on a group of channels at the same time?
Are there any keyboard shortcuts for efficient MIDI (piano roll) editing in Adobe Audition 3?
How can I automate track levels while recording in Logic, MainStage or GarageBand?
What are the pro&#39;s and con&#39;s of a MIDI interface compared to MIDI to USB cable?
Cubase and randomizing midi
Can I convert Cakewalk .wrk files to MIDI?
How to sync midi to audio - Logic 8
How do I map a second MIDI controller to act as a &quot;reset&quot; button in Ableton Live?
Live percussion recording - microphone questions
Digital audio gain past 100% for my computer mic? (win XP)
How can I test microphones to determine their quality?
Mic stand for sterling ST51 mic
How much would I need to spend on a condenser microphone to get a reliable professional vocal sound?
Interview Microphone for Sony Handycam HDR-CX500E
All Around Workhorse Studio Mics
External Mic/Sound Recorder recommendations
Condenser Mics: Maximum SPL in relation to Distortion, Physical Damage and a -10dB Attenuator
Basics of micing drumset cymbals?
Miking a mixed choir/instrument ensemble on a budget
Voice narration mastering?
How to eliminate 50 Hz noise from microphone?
Plugging in/Unplugging dynamic mics with the channel on
Picking up hum noise from wood table
question about very low volume with one microphone cable
Best mic for cajon/percussions in 100$-150$ price range?
How can I compress podcasts consistently and reliably to go onto Google Play Music?
Where does Levelator fit in with traditional compression/gating/limiting?
How to remove keys on a Roland XP-80?
outputting 2 different audio signals from a computer (PC/laptop)
In-Ear monitoring and/or hearing assistance via FM radio
Equipment: new interface necessary or not? (Using Mackie 402-VLZ3 with 2010 iMac)
low sawtooth and speech type oscillator synth notes cause sound and tone change
Is FM8 a good synth for a beginner?
S/pdif ports - Should/can I use them?
How to make a bass layer follow a specific scale?
How do I achieve a cleaner sound?
Would a Thunderbolt audio interface decrease latency (in theory)?
How to configure Lexicon Omega as a main soundcard?
Audio Interfaces - Internal versus External (USB) recommendation
Do I need an adapter or also a transformer for a Japanese Roland SH-101?
Audio Interface from Laptop to Monitors/etc
No sound from Liquid Saffire 56 on OS X
Midi Keyboard connected but no sound
Dubstep Whomp&#39;s on logic express 9?
Best sequence in a DAW to improve a poorly recorded voiceover?
How to connect Alesis MMT-8 to Roland TR-909 with Cubase and Samson Graphite 49
How can I quiet a noisy computer in my home studio?
What are the steps/phases of a CD/Album production
Vocal recording - Output level is too low even though the preamp show it&#39;s clipped
Can Logic stretch an audio region with a varying tempo to fit an existing, stable project tempo?
Will low output volume affect the quality of the sound?
Speakers to 3.5mm jack?
Legality of Sound Bites
Is there a way to graphically analyze frequency of samples/instruments in Renoise?
Mp3 codec reencoding effects
Fl Studio replacement
Need to convert large WMA library to MP3 or AAC. Software recommendations?
How to make a sample/note sustained or long in Reason 4?
Sequencer/DAW with a decent Notation/Score Editor?
How to &quot;Insert silence&quot; - in session view (Ableton Live)?
Is it possible to remix cds / songs / audio within Reason 5? Can you open audio or anything like that?
Easy solution for controlling 5 or more speakers from a single computer
Can I use my original MBox at all with my Lion Mac?
Pro Tools Freeware Replacment
What filter or process should I apply to voice to make it sound like the listener is underwater?
Inverse Mute Group for Yamaha LS9?
Ableton: Record everything I do and play it back on-screen
How can I tell whether speakers are magnetically shielded?
Turn Mono or Stereo into binaural
Why is there no signal above 11025 in my 44100 recording?
Tips on remixing a song
Produce &#39;wavy&#39; sound in pitch?
How can I embed instruments into Propellerhead Reason 4?
How to create music throughly inside computer, without using live instrument sounds? What do I need?
How to record the sound of an acoustic guitar with a magnetic pickup?
Regarding &quot;starting up&quot; sound of 3D pinball
Sharing music mixes and copyrights?
What should I look for in good headphones?
What are good resources to learn the production side for an end-user focused software guy?
Can I copy tracks in Pro Tools without copying audio regions?
How to create a 2 mix in the same project (cubase 5)
DIY Digital recording studio
how to lower CPU usage in Ableton Live 8 in Mac OSX 10.6.8
Ableton Live - am I misunderstanding clips in the Arrangement view?
Reason: Any way to batch convert WAV to REX?
In ProTools, how does one record live volume changes?
How to maximize volume and sound quality of a YouTube video
Finding high quality samples for music production
Inches vs Watts on speakers, what does it mean? What is the difference?
Simple stereo mixer for multiple computers
How to remove unwanted sounds from &#39;silence&#39;?
Convert sound inside a video, from 5.1 to stereo, without image modification?
General idea of mixing, mono mixing and stereo mixing
Is source bit depth/sampling rate relevant for mp3 conversion?
Extremely Right and Left panning
Term for Distorted Bass
Are there any speakers which can play binaural audio?
Makers of best-in-class DAW plugins for recording/mixing?
looking for a program for mixing subliminals with music at automatic levels
How to evaluate home studio monitors? 
Pro Tools tutorials
Does a USB Isolator work any different than a powered single-port USB Hub?
What are the disadvantages of a powered speakers setup over passive setup?
Articulation switches in NI Battery 3
Triggers on drums in the studio, why?
Where to find music beats
How can I output sound for a video if I&#39;m using Traktor Pro?
Drag select time range in Reaper not working
Freeware Reverb VSTs
Low frequency driver replacement for BX5a
How to connect tops and bass bins
Why do I hear less bass in the middle of the room, and can I do anything about it?
Older Bedroom DJ Seeks Advice: Amp about to die - should I get another or powered monitor speakers...?
Why does music often &quot;stutter&quot; when the BPM is manipulated in ITCH?
Line 6 UX2 Terrible Noise on Inputs
Best Noise reduction methods?
tips for making a more realistic &quot;live drummer&quot; sound with only audio samples
How does our brain detect the direction of sound?
What&#39;s the best software for DJing and mixing?
Mic level or line level for long runs?
Field Recording Alone in Remote Areas
Fading Out Best Practices
How do I isolate parts of a song according to pan position?
Solution for checking sound levels between recording sessions
Does software exist to measure the frequency response of a room?
Doing a TV show, they have audio standards - mix strategy?
How to auto-tune without getting a metallic sound?
List of Pro Tools plug in suffixes
Subwoofer out on JVC 884-v
Adding &#39;sparkle&#39; to an a cappella choir recording
If I want to use a microphone with a portable mini amp, will a preamp/mixer significantly improve the sound quality? This is for small live gigs
How to describe the bass tone/timbre heard in the examples?
Audio resources for an amateur live-sound guy
Setting live levels without a proper monitor
Amp is receiving radio signal?
Do I need a DI BOX when sending signal from my sound card to a mix console?
Removing subsonic frequencies when mastering
Dynamic Processing Terminology
Sound design within a VFX workflow
How can I pick up very small sound with small budget?
Fruity Loops: Alternate between the different layers in a pattern?
We just got done recording - our vocals could use some work - suggestions?
How are vocals and other different tracks separated from a mix?
What advantages does an MPC-style device have that are not offered by a DAW?
Phone coupler with excellent isolation
Is it safe to connect 2 players to a single pair of headphones using Y splitter?
Non-audio applications on performance OSX laptops
KRK VXT6 monitors: How long between breaks?
Pop Filter Repair
Smoothing transitions between sound clips
Removing tonality: antitune
Low Pass Filter?
Computer keyboard/mouse location
What constitutes a &quot;musical&quot; EQ?
Which output level is 1:1 on Zoom H4n?
A USB device with 5 microphone inputs: Is that possible?
Is there a sample player (vst) plugin which is able to adjust the sample playback tempo using MIDI time code?
Recognizing notes within sound?
CD Ripping Metadata Software for SFX database
Quantizing audio
Reducing latency on MIDI-over-USB Keyboard
How to find out if some sound recording is real or computer generated?
What is the best way to record acoustic piano and vocals from home?
Is it better to record a vocal as close to raw as possible, or to compress, eq etc along the way into Pro Tools?
How short duration sound can a human hear?
Convolution Reverbs
What impact does applying gain to a digital audio signal have on playback?
Bird flapping/flying away sound effect?
How can I manage communication and time for Social/Mobile Game Sound Design?
Ambiences - MKH418S / Sony ECM MS5 / Rode NT4 (x/y)
High-end small mics (lavalier/headset) vocal capture quality
Found sound sampling
Best examples of transitioning between non-diegetic to diegetic
What&#39;s the shortest sound perceptible to the human ear?
How is Audio Compression possible (file size)
What sampling rate and bit depth would be necessary to make a digital recording indistinguishable from the original?
Ableton: Understanding Analog&#39;s &quot;Uni&quot;
Studio Flooring - The Great Debate
What do I lose when reducing bit depth?
Harry Potter Patronus Sound Effect
What is difference between DTS MDA and Dolby Atmos?
Creating the SSB untuned radio effect
Field mixing Boom and Lav mic
Sequence inserts/plugins for voice
Why do DAC/ADC and sound interfaces so often have the same number of Inputs and Outputs?
International mixes
Compact high quality sound effects / ambience recording rig
Used Gear / recorders - When is &quot;too old&quot;?
Medieval skirmish loops
Design parameters for combo organs
Fun with broken fluorescent lights
How to Foley bicycle?
What is the &#39;phenomenon&#39; happening when two identical digital sounds are played nearly at the same time?
Stereo Width in Oktava M/S recordings
Best quality encoding when exporting &quot;8-bit 8kHz Mono WAV&quot; sample in Audacity?
Managing dozens of wireless stage mics
Considerations for moving monitor mixes to the stage
How to add amount control to amplitude modulation?
EQ&#39;ing ADR to match Dialogue
Designing household sounds using a synth
How can Imake the sound of fly or mosquito
How to connect my iPad Air and my Yamaha CP4 Stage Piano?
How can I prevent feedback when using wireless mics in a Theater in the Round?
How can I get my direct input monitoring louder?
Minimal length required for a human to register a sound
Eye gouging noise
Beamforming microphones to isolate individual performers in a group
Condensor Microphones diaphrams facing each other
Extend pen drawing sound from 1s to 2.5s
How can I make a sub bass that can be heard (at least a bit) on even on crappy systems?
48kHz vs 44.1 kHz
How do speakers which are silent from the back work?
Recreating a voice using a Vocodor
I can&#39;t hear 18k in Audio Technica ATH-M50x headphones. Why?
Name and examples for the tinnitus effect after explosions in films
Add white noise to silence
How can I make a sound appear to come from a direction?
Festival requests DCP with mix level changes
Can you help deconstruct this SFX?
Weird noises coming from EVERYWHERE
How do I find the common audio between mp3 audio tracks?
How do I connect Zoom recorder to Yamaha mixer?
Is it possible to create a &quot;Vocal Pad&quot; with just synthesizers?
Synthesize droning strings
How do you identify clicks and pops in a spectral analysis?
How is this mix so clean?
Designing the sound of a 20&quot; *ahem*... &quot;Member&quot;
recording extremely loud sound sources
A decent stereo pair of microphones at a reasonable price?
Using DAT for the first time...
Decent places to purchase sounds for sound design?
How to archive 1960&#39;s Nagra tapes to digital recordings?
As a sound designer, do you buy &#39;audiophile&#39; equipment for home use?
Looking for a good but cheap hardware mid-side decoder. 
Would Ableton/NI/Max For Live be considered as professional choices for sound design?
First recording/mixing headphones?
Budget not large, really need to get an on location sound kit together for a possible job!
How creative can you be as a working sound designer?
R&#216;DE wishlist - What would you recommend? 
What is the best setting for exhibiting sound art?
Who is using a vocoder these days and how?
Types of Computer Generated Music Software
nearfield monitors
What&#39;s your approach to being creative?
Just a young guy with a dream.
Is what we hear as important as what we see in contemporary media experience?
Affordable D to A
Closed headphones, closed, the best for like $ 175 max, which ones?
Best 192k interface
Recommendations on hardware and software
Appropriate Film Credits
Loneliness Lies in Twos - Looking for Feedback
Emotional sound
Making your track &quot;sparkle&quot;
ADR Recording Software
Foreign Versions
Has anybody used Earthworks microphones for sound effects
What&#39;s your preferred de-esser plugin?
PZMs for ambience recording?
3d sound from 5.1 (dolby cinema) speaker system
Favorite bracket for your favorite mics
Archiving Solutions?
Pro Tools Plug-ins
Custom ADR Software
Which program are you using to embed metadata in wav files?
Location recording and best position for radio lapels?
Most unusual sound technique
Broken Zoom H2 Solutions
Have you ever used parabolic reflectors for field recording?
Good Walla Libraries
How often do you use limiters during field recording?
Is it possible to unphase something
Small Monitors for a Small Room : KRK VXT4 or PMC DB1S ?
giant glass impact
How do you go about making an underwater gooey sound?
Acoustic Handlings in a Small Room
Stock Footage and Public Domain Redubs in a Demo Reel
SuperCMIT from Scheops 
Double M/S on seperate 2 channel recorders?  
To accept or not to accept...
Good examples of internal conflict in film, using sound design
Oktava MK-012 as a SFX recording mic? Alternatives?
Animal POV Sound design
Low-Budget Pre-Amp for Senn 416
in reality, do you believe convolution compression can work?
If I do volunteer work unrelated to sound design, will that hurt my job prospects?
Suggestions for books on sound synthesis and electronic music production
Job opportunities
Organization of Pro Tools Sessions
Home Studio - Making the best out of what I have
tricks to generate emotions through soundscapes
advice for getting a start in game audio
Is this interior location record setup crazy?
Recording military vehicles
Making flat background tracks come alive
Creating sounds of a Air Conditioning Shaft
Big Stomping Sound?
Have you ever not made a deadline?
Should I Buy A Sony PCM-M10?
Best audio file type? Is there one?
How do you tackle time lapsed footage?
What do you think about Sanken css 5 for recording ambience?
can someone please explain drum replacement?
Footsteps sfx sampler ?
Transformation Scene
Tips for traveling with audio equipment.
Residuals for Sound Effects?
Can fast and loud transients damage speakers?
Presenting Ideas to Directors/Clients
Security precautions when working with another crew.
Background Music: When to make it disaapear?
EQ, Compression sequence?
Baffles for Outdoor Interviews
Care to help a rookie out with some constructive criticism?
What is your favorite EQ?
Does anyone ever use Dynamic Transport Mode in Pro Tools?
Is there a way to preview the sample rate and channel info for audio files in windows 7?
Voice - how do you go about making it nice?
Have you ever had to reject a dialogue recording?
Overdrive to create depth?
What is your preferred distortion plug-in?
Anyone done work for a music video before?
Do you mix with an RTA?
VO Pop Screens that do the least coloration.
Adding Excitement
Do any of you compose, as well?
Should I record 24bit 96khz and then dither down for distribution?
Ever managed to fake the Autotune effect?
What do you use delays for?
Do you keep copies of your work?
For multiple mic recordings, do you check the phase?
When you start a project?
Delivering DM&amp;E stems
Light vs Darkness
Polymer Film Microphone
Question about recording and air temperature.
So, what do we do when we don&#39;t want to ask questions?
Sync...........
Fader, mouse or trackball?
Is video playback the best use of an old computer?
Question about SFX Workflow
Recording Mono with H2 or H4
Looking for critiques on a practice sound design
Organic Sound Cue Techniques
Editing Driving and Car Scenes
Battery options for your recording rig
Retaining Metadata in .aif to .wav Conversion?
Pushing your hydrophone to the limit
Tips for making LFE
Need help identifying strange flutter distortion.
Props and potential uses
The trailer voice-over &quot;This summer, blah blah blah&quot; (Don LaFontaine)
Tips on recording realistic foley
Need to ask something about Sony PCM-50
Best way to record a phone?
Who are some notable Sound Designers?
Tips on Recording Horses?
FX Request: Screen doors
Error while importing from OMF
OMF file size for Mac to PC transfer
Buying a microphone for indoor dialogue
Wind Shield - which makes?
Has anyone had trouble with non-magnetic recording gear around magnets?
What will be a good microphone to record folding clothes? 
OMF Options, Workaround?
Recommend a good quality blimp and dual-mount system for pair of Oktava 012s?
Genelec 8030s vs Blue Sky Pro Desk - I can&#39;t decide!
Something is Missing... What do you do?
Cheer and Dance Team SFX collections?
sound design for an arcade like Tyrian game!
Sound Library Distribution
Recording an ice hockey session
What&#39;s your Gamertag/Platform?
Compact Flash Cards for Deva 5.8
Finding App work
Big Budget Films/Compensation
Post Time Expectancy
Dialogue editing on cans?
When worldising dialogue...
Monitor Subwoofer suggestions (economic)
How do we make sound design more relevant to the world at large?
Sound Design fundamentals for different genres
Sound Design and Composition
Best Distortion, Clipping, Overmodulation Fixing Plug-in?
Any music industry sound designers here?
Recording an ultralight plane in flight
Weird artifact in Pro Tools:Sound regions playing back as noise. Any clue?
algorithmic composition / melody patterns generation
Battery powered Shotgun Mic for use with PCM d-50
How many folks going into record and walk away in quiet settings?
Recording voices for pitching down
Comments for my first work?
Doubts about a mixing that must go to a FilmFestival
Techniques for Recording a Car
Recording Screaming on set interior
Need advice on which mics to get.
Creating Hurt/Scared Creatures
Reality show Location recording
How often do you delete files of your soundlibrary?
Suggestions for Amazon, Australian and African journey.
Getting started in Sound Design
Tutorials: Sonnenschein&#39;s Webinar vs Nick&#39;s Tutorials - Thoughts?
How to make a sound 4D?
Icy/Frosty Feet....
Creaky Wood and Metal SFX?
Wireless Bodypack Frequency Bands
DIY Windscreen ideas?
What are some good vocoders to use?
Need Help Quick! Nuendo PC (V4) -&gt; Mac PTools conversion needed.  Anyone know how?
Professional organisation
Guerella Gun Recording without a budget
Favorite organic sounding plugins
iZotope  - Nectar
youtube and soundcloud
Prepping a Mix for HDCAM Transfer
My First Time...
Tyre screech recreation
Help On Getting Some New Gear?
What to do with production sounds overlapping dialog
How do you deal with off axis mic sounds?
Which shotguns mics should I consider for capturing SFX?
Dane Davis, partial filmography available on Netflix
looking for 8-bit sounds collection.
What does Epic mean to you?
MKH 415 T POWER
I&#39;m having problems recording sound effects at low volumes
Cheap interface and speaker
What does mastered mean on a commercial library?
Creating Variations
Working with video: What tools can&#39;t you live without?
Fade to zero, then BANG
why should i consolidate
Feedback on short film...
Something&#39;s missing...
Estimate a mic&#39;s impedance?
Zoom H1 unmatched mics?
What solid state memory do you use?
Hi-tech ground shockwave ?
Issues with M/S recording - 90 degrees off axis positioned in center
Difference between using a wave editor and a DAW like Pro Tools?
Best way to record a Slinky
How to find work?
What are Your Preferred Bit/Sample Specs for Commercial Libraries?
Recording world instruments, what type of mic(s) to use?
How are you downsampling your FX for your Final Mix?
Favorite use of identifying sound for a villain.
zoom h4+rode ntg-2(other external mic, too) = extremely low volume
Pro Tools 9, Should I go for it?
Using Zoom H4n handy recorders in windy condition
Vocal Microphone upto 1800 dollars!
opinions on setting up a mic test
Foley Mic: Shotgun vs Hyper?
DSI Mono Evolver Keyboard synth for Sound Design
Mixing for youtube
Dialogue cleaning, Tron
Do you have any info. about sound design for small internet based games?
Mic Preamp for ADR
Your favourite strings plug-in?
Would it help to know techniques of picture editing to perform better at sound editing?
When do you &quot;score the opposite&quot; in sound design including musically or when play out the image literally through sound?
Vocal clipping restoration
How do you design a cricket sound?
Yamaha HS80M vs KRK RP 8 G2 vs Mackie MR 8
Recommendations for affordable compact field recording headphones
Unmusical Items as Instruments in Music/Design
Best mics for foley and sound design
Car Sounds Creation 
User Interface (website) sound design
Sleep Disorders
Making/using Drones, and Stingers
Foley Caress tiger
Cloth Foley Off Screen?
Ever have one of those projects...
Do you file your foley?
Big fish effects feedback needed
No-Contract Legal Issue
Field-recording in areas you absolutely need clearance for
Sounds that have never been recorded before.
Have time to kill next week. Gonna do some location recordings. Any suggestions?
The film-making process for a sound designer pretending to be a writer
Good Effects for Robot Voice
How important is a stereo microphone when starting out?
Do you read scripts?
Quick survey re: job offers
Cell Phone noise wanted
sound design demo session for protools?
High-Five Mr. Spitz
Reaper DAW and OMF files
Gigantic Foley/EFX sessions.
single point stereo m/s NOT shotgun
Noise Removal, Old School
Does Snow Leopard work yet?
Building Ambiences From Scratch
In need of some career advice.
The Game Audio Tutorial
Separating real sounds from sound design before you record.
Wwise and CUBE event for landing a jump
Mixing Environments: How they translate
How to find work for game audio?
Techniques for stretching out water to make it a constant sound
BWF Files -- Why didn&#39;t someone tell me about them sooner?
Outdoor Recording Level Recommendations
Binaural Dummy Head [DIY]
DPA 4061 as Lavalier? 
Can someone explain what happens technically when you use multiple instances of stereo widening?
Matched or Unmatched?
On Hold Audio/Data Compression
M-S Matrix Recording
MOC - Mit Out Computer
Sound Design Birthday Ideas
Online Back up for SFX
Plane peel off&#39;s, climbs and dives
Do analog mixers boost mic level to line level?
How much does your mood affect your work/creative accuracy?
Feedback On My Sounds
Royal Wedding Audio Sync Issues
Audio equivalent of a graphic charter
Ideal lavs for non-ideal office environments (think loud fans that can&#39;t be turned off)?
Attn: Boom Ops - How do you stay in shape?
grouping tracks in Logic 9
Wind protection for a Lav
What are your sources for new/unknown music? - Not exactly sound design but...
Evolution of your appreciation for sound
Sound Design Equipment
How much should I charge for my music being used in a film
Silica Keep-Dry Bags
Video As Audio?
Extreme wind protection (100+ km/h)
Need good examples of riverside films
What is the best way to mix when you have a cold?
Backing up on the go
Your thoughts on the next kind of media storage
How to make a car sound bad?
Snap, Crackle, and Pop (Making Glitches)
Monster footsteps (animation)
India Street Ambience
Dialogue Editing for Documentary Film
Boom mic in Shot
Astatic DN-HZ microphone
Films with extended moments of great sound
Sound Minus Sound
The quietest moment in your city?
Where are editors on the chain of command?
Mixing Stereo Music to Surround
DIY Studio Furniture Computer Iso box
air release Foley Moves
Sound Sculptures &amp; Installations
Who uses earphones in the professional arena of music and film?
Looking to learn...
Sound Showreel?
Mini External HardDrives
When using a boom to capture production audio what kind of mic do you want?  Boom Technique
protools workspace window freez and crashes .
NYC for Sound Design
Audio level problems using a wireless hop
Sound coming from behind using stereo field
Conferences,Meetings
Dealing with lavalier mic bleed in post
Dealing with Nose Whistles
How do you organize sessions after importing the OMF?
If you could choose noise reduction or ADR.  What would you choose? (Poll)
Mouth only Sound Design
Lectrosonics SMV/SMQV Remote Control and Quadra Monitors
Parkade Fire - Vancouver hockey riot. 
What can I use as a waterproof shield for my Rycote?
Apple vs. Windows 7 Laptops
demolition sound effect
Voice Over Session Questions
Recording Fireworks...Tips/Suggestions...
Matching backgrounds from two lavaliers
How do you define the art of sound design?
Difference in sound between animation and real shot film. 
How does the new General HD library from Sound Ideas compare to the old school General 6000 + extensions?
Sound Design on Tribes: Ascend - Part 1
Best Podcast Compression/Settings....
Foley sampler instrument - Some questions to sound designers
Ever feel like you were better for the job?
Sample library licensing issue re. computer games
Wind Farm / Wind Turbine
opinions on film credits
CARMAGEDDON RECORDING PLANS?
How is this sound made?
Why is this sound made?
Mixing a film to be viewed on mulitple screens
References of music using drums, voices and clapping hands 
Robot Vs. Fairy
Your thoughts on sorting through aleatoric recordings for sound design?
A Feedback Compressor
How can I record footsteps in sand without sand?
Help Learning UDK Audio Functionality
Mobile App Audio Middleware
Game Audio Course Work
earphones are harmful?
What&#39;s the wackiest software filter out there?
Pre-Film School Preparation
Ambients from Tokyo
free soundless clips
Common Horror Genre type &quot;stingers&quot;
Audio Workflow for Drama Production
Non metal wire/rope/string tension
Mid-Side using Two Cardioids
Anyone with data recovery wizard skills?
Anyone beta testing the nomad?
Rises for Trailers
Headphone Burn-in?
Is a 744t supposed to get very hot when charging the battery?
GameAudio Middleware Differences
Best Comprehensive Location Equipment for &#163;5000?
Wanting to invest in a sound effects library, but I&#39;m not sure where to start.
How to condition the audience for crying?
cutting foley/footsteps through compression?
Testers needed for my Surround Ambiances sampler instrument
Mono and Stereo cables / balanced and unbalanced audio
Dated office sounds (1960&#39;s)
Dolby License for a feature film
Sending a headphone feed to a director on set?
Abstract Sound Design
Game Audio Licensing = Head Spinning
Mouse Alternative Workflows
Can you help to identify the probable cause of this distortion?
Foley: Dog Feet
What does it take to be a sound designer in the video game industry?
Sound Professionals SP-BMC-1 - currently $9.99 reduced from $79.99
Where to Find Free Music with Creative Commons License
Who&#39;s going to AES in October?
Stock Audio, Audio Micro
pro tools 9 odd freeze and crash
Advice on my newly researched sound recording kit?
Let&#39;s have an updated chat about portable recorders
Audio solution for working with motion capture
Recording sfx during sprinkle (rain)
Do any SD 722 owners have tips they could share?
Recording Ambience with a shotgun 
Robust Audio Conversion Utility for Windows platform
Is there a quick / easy way to re-sync a sound edit for a short film, or is just one of those things we have to deal with?
hey new yorkers, who&#39;s recording occupy wallstreet?
How to create a pleasing distortion (harmonic)
Mixing trailers for the internet
Chris Watson&#39;s &#39;River Mara At Night&#39;
Rober Bresson&#39;s notes on sound
Do people hear differently at different times of the day?
Mixing Cinematics for Iphone APP
Recording very Loud drums ?
Sound Reports on Set
DIalogue editing and when you need more gain?
Pro Tools 10 - First Impressions?
plane crash sound effect, how to record a powerful crash?
Do you ride the levels during an interview?
alternatives to rode nt4
Anybody do it up for Halloween?
Alternatives for the 722
Egg Hatching Sound.
loudness metering
Demo Reel Etiquette?
Approval/Review process for Broadcast 5.1
Camel Alchemy Sound Design
Nature doco sound design?
What is The Wilhelm scream?
Adobe Dropping Flash
Stereo bar 40 cm or 70 cm?
Questionnaire for all levels of game sound designers!!
How to make a nice indoor, city apartment ambience
Labelling your stuff.  What&#39;s your method?
what is a soundscape?
Favorite Ambiance, Background Recording Technique and Delivery
Audio Story Mixing
Favorite way to infuse sounds with other sounds or Infuse moments with manipulated sounds
ADR in a documentary
Has anyone here replaced their MBP dvd drive with an SSD? I wanna run NI Komplete sans external HDD
About mic positioning
Addicted to Sounds
Sound Editors dilemma
Freelancer Sound Editors and Designers, how do you search your SFX when in a new studio?
batch process for leveling sounds
Spotting to timeline with blank regions before recording/editing sfx
What the best &quot;new&quot; large general sound library out there ??
Free VSTs for manipulating sound?
Lemur for iPad?
General Noob Quesions
Recording City Ambiance
How can a sound designer best use it&#39;s knowledge in the preproduction?
AC3 Creation and Dialnorm Settings -- Best Practices
AA Video Game Companies
Can you recommend suction-cup microphone holder ?
Similar software known as Audioease Speakerphone ?
cutting multiple hard synced layered events - workflow
post production &#39;BOOMs&#39; - any help?
victorian sounds
messy jobs in the studio - how do you protect the floor and walls
Underwater Worldizing
Favorite way to modify a voice
Abstract videos for sound design practice 
Sound Design - Sound Replacement Exercise Feedback
slowing down sound - a lot.... suggestions needed!
what is different between room tone and ambient/atmosphere sound?
Empty Rooms and Production FX
How to wire up a Sennheiser MKE-2 for use with Lectrosonics SMV Transmitters
best mac keyboard for sound editing
Removing duplicate sounds (different Metadata) in SoundMiner v4pro?
Removing background location music from documentary dialogue
A FB Page or a Blog?
Internship over the summer
blocking ultrasonic frequencies
Audio Designer vs  Sound Designer
Handheld recorders for BGs and Ambiences 
Dialogue Premix - Exterior Verb
Transformers 3 teaser trailer sound
Sonically Interesting Places In London
Using Wacom with PT 
Background interiors with different perspectives
Distinct Ambient Noises: Consistency, or Variety?
Permits to field record in China and Hong Kong?
where to buy Blocks of dry Ice in the UK
Sound Design:  Inner Mechanics of a Gun
Rycote Softies - good buy?
Reused Metal Groan in Video Games
Can you fit two microphones in a Rycote Zepplin for MS  Setup?
Designing a sound for flowers wilting/food rotting
My first MS stereo setup.
Tape, Murch, Warner, controllers and turning the computer off. 
making voice overs sounding cartoonish?
Portable audio recorder remcomendations (Roland R26 or Marantz PMD 661)
Anyone here using anything from the API 500 series 
Fmod Music Options
Pal To Ntsc conversion
Is mid-side always better than XY?
Project Archiving.  Delete or not to delete?
SFX Editing &amp; Layering - Audiosuite or Inserts?
Voice Artists and where to find the good ones
Alien Voice design questions 
Creating a huge trailer voice.
Adding minute amounts of different sound Convolved to a Mix....effect?
Experiences with Busman DR-680
Recording advice
Advice on how to start designing sound for games?
