Schengen visa proof of transport requirements
How to find and compare flights carried out by a specific type of plane?
Driving 12 passenger van in UK
Average cost of Visiting Bhutan by an Indian
Vaccinations for Philippines
Amsterdam To Rotterdam
Japanese ryokan with a baby of 20 month
How should i show proof of funds for my schengen visa
Is there an app for Android to look for flights with a &quot;go anywhere&quot; option search?
Train interruption - Belgium Intercity
Availability of expedited visa processing for South African applying for Australia visitor visa
Ridiculous and unreasonable taxes for used electronic devices in europe
Traveling fom the US to Japan, could I bring my own phone?
Prepaid SIM card in France with Free mobile
Is India&#39;s Jet Airways considered a budget airline?
Single Entry Duration
Exchanging Euro to CZK in Prague
Can 180 days Spanish student visa holder depart from another Schengen state?
Are there any parts of the 9th arrondissement in Paris that is known to be unsafe?
One way trip from Tel Aviv to Petra and more in Jordan?
Is a picnic at the Chateau de Versailles possible?
How many laptops can I take on an international flight from the US to Europe?
Can I attend a conference on a tourist visa in Vietnam?
Declare Trix for Canada?
What is the most expensive train ride in India?
Was it legal to restrict access to USA when holding a valid ESTA and visiting Canada for 6 months?
GLBT Community in Spain
Lufthansa flight - Manchester to Ankara connecting at Munich. Do I go through security again?
Travel in Morocco during Ramadan?
Visiting Denmark with a prior overstay
Visa needed for Spain &amp; Morocco
31 days in Indonesia
Eating on the Palace on Wheels, in Rajasthan, India if I have dietary restrictions
Traveling aboard an ocean liner like in The Royal Tenenbaums?
Where can a tourist to Malta ride an articulated bus?
How old does a child need to be to sit separately from parents when flying?
What to do in Bangkok during midnight stopover
Is there a way to transfer from Phuket to Ko Phi Phi if you miss the 2:30pm ferry?
Kayaking Activities Off Phuket, Thailand
Covering Letter for Europe stay
Passport information needed when booking an international flight
How to travel with a minor when you&#39;re not their parent?
How to find an organization that offers semi-guided tours?
How do I create all-inclusive travel packages for a wedding?
How close to the end of my Vietnam tourist visa can I still get an extension (through an agent)?
Transferring between British Airlines and Delta at LHR - T5 to T3 - is 2h30 sufficient?
What (if any) regularly scheduled airline flights pass over Antarctica?
Are there countries where people of a particular religion are refused entry?
Hotel voucher for applying for a Schengen Visa in NYC (email confirmations not acceptable)
Where should I travel in Europe if I want to climb a high mountain without equipment?
Lebara roaming is apparently free, what is the catch?
Traveling to UK on visit visa as a Syrian citizen?
Do i need a transit visa
Do I need a transit visa for a technical stop in Australia?
Renting a portable 3G hotspot at Istanbul airport?
B1/B2 visa vs J visa
Booking a Vietnam Tour through a Vietnamese operator - what to be aware of?
Transit visa for Australia
What&#39;s a good location to stargaze in Auckland?
Transit visa through Gatwick
Flying to Europe with children: preparing for time change
Can existing C-VISIT Visa be used for Business from April 2015 onwards?
What is good accommodation for festival (camp or hostel)?
Getting a US visa with an Iranian stamp?
UK visa &quot;resolved&quot; vs. ready to collect
Can you get a USA visa and enter the country if you already have an Iranian visa in your passport
Does Pacific Central Station (Vancouver) have a Global Entry/NEXUS machine?
Where is the official Iranian Railways website?
Married to an Italian citizen, but I need to go to Germany alone, do I need a visa?
Journey from India (Bombay/Mumbai) to USA on ship
Where can I rent a suit for a wedding in Tehran, Iran?
Schengen Visa questions
What is the most convenient possibility to rent a kayak for the Allier?
Do code share flights yield less/more miles?
Travel options from nuremberg to Seattle
Booked two separate accommodations after getting a visa, is it a problem?
Is it legal to bring Hentai/Yaoi from Japan to Europe (EEA)?
Schengen visa, in refugee travel document from USA
Different Details on Previous Passport
What is &quot;employer letter&quot; for Schengen when I&#39;m in college?
Mumbai airport customs
Where to stay in South Wales (UK)
hi I have six month UK tourist visa. coming may I plan to visit London.
Will I be understood in all Portuguese-speaking countries, if I learn Portuguese in Portugal?
If I travel to Paris, can I get by with just English?
How to extend my short stay visa in Spain?
Supplying your own needle for Blood test for a Kurdistan residency permit
How cheaply can we eat in Ireland while still experiencing traditional Irish foods?
Transit visa in India for a French Citizen?
Best places/ countires to travel to from Munich
Entering Schengen area 5 days before the Visa date starts
Do I need to enter US from the country where I got my visa?
Meaning of the “Have you ever been refused entry or deported from any country, including Singapore?” question
Entering US from Canada by bus (VWP citizen)
Lost passport and overstaying in Kuwait?
Do I need a transit visa in India if I don&#39;t have any checked luggage?
Bag wrapping at airports in USA
Will my passport get stamped? Flying JFK&gt;SVO&gt;MAD
Is there a standard for air temperature within an aircraft?
Tipping for free drinks in the USA?
Schengen visa proof of transport requirements
How to find and compare flights carried out by a specific type of plane?
Driving 12 passenger van in UK
Average cost of Visiting Bhutan by an Indian
Vaccinations for Philippines
Amsterdam To Rotterdam
Japanese ryokan with a baby of 20 month
How should i show proof of funds for my schengen visa
Is there an app for Android to look for flights with a &quot;go anywhere&quot; option search?
Train interruption - Belgium Intercity
Availability of expedited visa processing for South African applying for Australia visitor visa
Ridiculous and unreasonable taxes for used electronic devices in europe
Traveling fom the US to Japan, could I bring my own phone?
Prepaid SIM card in France with Free mobile
Is India&#39;s Jet Airways considered a budget airline?
Single Entry Duration
Exchanging Euro to CZK in Prague
Can 180 days Spanish student visa holder depart from another Schengen state?
Are there any parts of the 9th arrondissement in Paris that is known to be unsafe?
One way trip from Tel Aviv to Petra and more in Jordan?
Is a picnic at the Chateau de Versailles possible?
How many laptops can I take on an international flight from the US to Europe?
Can I attend a conference on a tourist visa in Vietnam?
Declare Trix for Canada?
What is the most expensive train ride in India?
Was it legal to restrict access to USA when holding a valid ESTA and visiting Canada for 6 months?
GLBT Community in Spain
Lufthansa flight - Manchester to Ankara connecting at Munich. Do I go through security again?
Travel in Morocco during Ramadan?
Visiting Denmark with a prior overstay
Visa needed for Spain &amp; Morocco
31 days in Indonesia
Eating on the Palace on Wheels, in Rajasthan, India if I have dietary restrictions
Traveling aboard an ocean liner like in The Royal Tenenbaums?
Where can a tourist to Malta ride an articulated bus?
How old does a child need to be to sit separately from parents when flying?
What to do in Bangkok during midnight stopover
Is there a way to transfer from Phuket to Ko Phi Phi if you miss the 2:30pm ferry?
Kayaking Activities Off Phuket, Thailand
Covering Letter for Europe stay
Passport information needed when booking an international flight
How to travel with a minor when you&#39;re not their parent?
How to find an organization that offers semi-guided tours?
How do I create all-inclusive travel packages for a wedding?
How close to the end of my Vietnam tourist visa can I still get an extension (through an agent)?
Transferring between British Airlines and Delta at LHR - T5 to T3 - is 2h30 sufficient?
What (if any) regularly scheduled airline flights pass over Antarctica?
Are there countries where people of a particular religion are refused entry?
Hotel voucher for applying for a Schengen Visa in NYC (email confirmations not acceptable)
Where should I travel in Europe if I want to climb a high mountain without equipment?
Lebara roaming is apparently free, what is the catch?
Traveling to UK on visit visa as a Syrian citizen?
Do i need a transit visa
Do I need a transit visa for a technical stop in Australia?
Renting a portable 3G hotspot at Istanbul airport?
B1/B2 visa vs J visa
Booking a Vietnam Tour through a Vietnamese operator - what to be aware of?
Transit visa for Australia
What&#39;s a good location to stargaze in Auckland?
Transit visa through Gatwick
Flying to Europe with children: preparing for time change
Can existing C-VISIT Visa be used for Business from April 2015 onwards?
What is good accommodation for festival (camp or hostel)?
Getting a US visa with an Iranian stamp?
UK visa &quot;resolved&quot; vs. ready to collect
Can you get a USA visa and enter the country if you already have an Iranian visa in your passport
Does Pacific Central Station (Vancouver) have a Global Entry/NEXUS machine?
Where is the official Iranian Railways website?
Married to an Italian citizen, but I need to go to Germany alone, do I need a visa?
Journey from India (Bombay/Mumbai) to USA on ship
Where can I rent a suit for a wedding in Tehran, Iran?
Schengen Visa questions
What is the most convenient possibility to rent a kayak for the Allier?
Do code share flights yield less/more miles?
Travel options from nuremberg to Seattle
Booked two separate accommodations after getting a visa, is it a problem?
Is it legal to bring Hentai/Yaoi from Japan to Europe (EEA)?
Schengen visa, in refugee travel document from USA
Different Details on Previous Passport
What is &quot;employer letter&quot; for Schengen when I&#39;m in college?
Mumbai airport customs
Where to stay in South Wales (UK)
hi I have six month UK tourist visa. coming may I plan to visit London.
Will I be understood in all Portuguese-speaking countries, if I learn Portuguese in Portugal?
If I travel to Paris, can I get by with just English?
How to extend my short stay visa in Spain?
Supplying your own needle for Blood test for a Kurdistan residency permit
How cheaply can we eat in Ireland while still experiencing traditional Irish foods?
Transit visa in India for a French Citizen?
Best places/ countires to travel to from Munich
Entering Schengen area 5 days before the Visa date starts
Do I need to enter US from the country where I got my visa?
Meaning of the “Have you ever been refused entry or deported from any country, including Singapore?” question
Entering US from Canada by bus (VWP citizen)
Lost passport and overstaying in Kuwait?
Do I need a transit visa in India if I don&#39;t have any checked luggage?
Bag wrapping at airports in USA
Will my passport get stamped? Flying JFK&gt;SVO&gt;MAD
Is there a standard for air temperature within an aircraft?
Tipping for free drinks in the USA?
Do I &quot;Need&quot; a luggage lock in the US?
What can I do about a laptop stolen out of luggage in transit?
Baggage theft rates
What to do if drugs / a bomb are planted in your travel bag?
Can I book a tatkal ticket in Indian Railways online?
Having a Skype (video/voice) in public in Paris
Aunt travelling with a 2 yr old
How to access Heathrow Terminal 3 duty free zone without a plane ticket?
What features would be useful or necessary for a mobile app meant to capture and share group travel experiences?
At Brussels Midi station, can you access the Eurostar Business Premier lounge when going to Lille or Calais?
ESTA US Application
How much extra time to allow in Dublin Airport for US pre-clearance?
Single Schengen Visa Entrance
Pakistan offers a visa on arrival to Turkish tourists holding a Schengen/UK/US visa. What if I am a dual Turkish/British citizen?
UK general visit Visa refused for my Spouse
Taiz&#233; prayer in Vienna: where?
Mostly-unlimited-data SIM cards for US citizens going to the EU?
On United&#39;s PQD Requirement for Non-US Denizens
Vacation in Dubai, then Seychelles, returning through Dubai. Will I need more than 1 visa (to Dubai)?
How long can I visit the UK within one year&#39;s time?
What are some tricks you use to buy cheap airline tickets in Europe?
Hiking around Vancouver, Canada?
Is an open-ended ticket more practical than a one-way ticket for touring China?
Where can I store my bag in Boston for an hour or two?
US visa from Bangkok, Thailand and wish to visit another country
Schengen Visa - Port of entry different from issuing country
How to cancel multi-entry Schengen visa?
Do electronics bought airside have to be fully charged?
Aspiring Traveling Hardware Engineer
How much duty I have to pay in purchasing items from local store of Singapore?
What&#39;s the cheapest public transport from N&#252;rnberg to Prague?
Can I enter the USA as a visitor, while I wait for an H1-B visa?
UK and France visa
Buying alcohol in Prague
Crossing from to Canada to the USA w/o passport on public transit?
Appropriate clothing for Pantanal in Brasil during the dry season
How to visit the Pantanal (Brazil) without a multi-day tour?
Is the UK planning to introduce exit checks in 2015?
The meaning of UK dependent visa application centre correspondence?
What can I do one day in Tehran?
Where to leave luggage in Gdansk?
Can a Brazilian citizen enter the country with a visa on a foreign passport?
Cycling safety in Romania / Poland
Camping grounds accessible by public transport in Japanese Northern Alps
French spouse visa when full name changed after marriage
How can I avoid being overcharged when taking a cab?
Long term Italian visa for Malaysian citizens
Turkish Airlines Baggage Allowance
Can I cross the USA-Canada border with a birth certificate and a passport locator number?
UK transit visa in London heathrow airport
Birth certificate problem for passport - two different locations?
Tourist on ICT Short term visa?
Which digits should I eliminate when giving my number to foreign travellers so as to not confuse them?
Renting a car from Detroit to Tennessee or Florida
Is it safe to travel to Jerusalem?
Are laws about sex outside marriage less rigorously enforced in Dubai for people on layovers?
Leaving and returning to the UK with an invalid German identity card
Kilimanjaro travel agent
Entering the UK as a tourist after recently visiting as a student visitor?
Restroom facilities near Saint Chad&#39;s Well (Sacred Spring in England)
Multiple visits to Turkey
Parents names in their passport are not matching the names in my passport. do I need to specify 2 names in B2 VISA application and other documents?
Where is the ferris wheel in Sinuiju, North Korea?
B-2 visa application
UK visa refused (pakistani nationals) - need advice on fresh application
Difference in mineral bottled water price between European countries
How to generate a travel map?
Precisions about UK visa for exam (and clinical assignment)
How long does it take to get from Gare du Nord to the Palace of Versailles, by public transport?
How to avoid paying for musical gardens if visiting Versailles Palace on a Tuesday?
What do I need to know to go to the Palace of Versailles?
Are there other places with gardens like those at Versailles?
How to get by train from Normandy to Versailles?
Can an airline change a reservation booked through Expedia?
Japan - buy unlocked phone
Where is this on highway 24/highway 12 in Utah?
What style of bathroom facilities are in Hong Kong hotels?
Do I need to change my ESTA address when visiting the US again?
Do I have to collect my luggage on connecting flights into Germany?
Is my toothbrush plug compatible with UK bathroom socket?
Invitation letters for my Indian parents coming to the Netherlands
Having a pleasant dining experience in a hotel with a baby?
Renewing or getting a new visa in Vietnam?
Is it possible for me to take a visa to Vienna and travel to Prague?
Getting from Dublin Airport to Dublin Ferryport by public transport?
Applying for UK visa after refusal
Do I need a UK or Ireland transit visa when flying from the US to a Schengen country?
Travelling to the UK as a South African citizen - evidence for funds?
How much should I expect to pay to declare goods I&#39;m carrying, during check-in
Can I buy (liquid) duty free at Dublin airport, before going through pre-clearance?
Bring two handbags worth $400 into India duty free
Can my US passport be denied if I lost it more than three times?
Changing plans after getting a Schengen visa
Connecting flight,stop over to Canada,do I need a USVisa?
Weather for Australia
Leave the US permanently 60 days then fly back to Mexico for a month before reenter US, is it possible?
How do I secure the cheapest fare on the Thalys?
How to get from Delhi to Kathmandu overland?
Is it possible to book return but travel oneway?
Travel Deals Websites in Denmark or Sweden?
Are there laundry services or shops in Bangkok, Thailand?
Why is security screening done at the gate at AMS (Schiphol airport, Amsterdam) in the non-Schengen area?
Multiple-entry Schengen visa for Indian citizens having UK visitor visa
Visa application refused for no bank statements - can we appeal or re-apply?
Single entry schengen visa for a cruise?
Long stopover in Canada flying from Riyadh to Orlando. Do I need a visa to enter Canada as a Jordanian citizen?
Cheap phone calls from Canada to Poland
change of itinerary
Are there drinking water fountains airside at London City Airport?
Travel with a Finnish and a Pakistani Passport
Nightclubs in Friedrichshain
Which airlines with routes connecting Vietnam and China have free cancellations and can be booked online?
Are there accommodation embargoes for booking in Iran?
Walk from Mauritius MRU airport to Mahebourg?
What are the current requirements and process of obtaining a multiple-entry Chinese visa for an Australian citizen in Ho Chi Minh City?
Possible to extend a Vietnamese tourist visa in Dong Hoi?
What to do when you can&#39;t print your boarding pass?
Cheap Internet access in Cuba for tourists?
Orlando ESTA Visa Waiver
Schengen overstay fee, which Schengen country will impose fine?
US Citizen travelling to Europe from India
Belgium visa but travelling to Italy
What is the cheapest and fastest way of traveling between Liege and Paris with deterministic travelling times?
Can I be prosecuted in a European country while on vacation?
Change in itinerary after getting a Schengen visa: Addition of a country
Traveling to Mexico on B1/B2 VISA
Finding Flights to One of Many Cities
How to decline CDW and LDW when booking a car online?
How to change flight dates without paying a high price?
Philippine passport w/ U.S. Permanent Resident Card (GreenCard) - need Visa to travel to Canada?
What is the difference between a tatkal and premium tatkal ticket in Indian Railways?
Traveling with a lot of luggage at Heathrow - getting help?
Minimum prerequisites to stay camping on private land (finca) in Spain (Canary Islands)?
Is autolib&#39; a good mode of transportation for tourists in terms of available drop-off points
Safe parking in the centre of Mexico City
Visa for European countries for US passport holder
Am a indian passport holder do a need a transit visa
Transit visa for Brussels for Indian citizens
Surname and Given name swapped in new passport
Should my first trip be to the country which issued my Schengen Visa?
single entry schengen visa and different first entry
Korea: Visa required to go to the city while in transit in Seoul for a Philippine citizen?
Cheapest and fastest land ways to travel from Cologne to Prague?
Airway companies that overbook flights, and those that don&#39;t overbook
Applying for Schengen Visa in Seattle?
Wild Camping in Poland
Can I convince embassies to accept my overpaid credit card as a proof of funds?
Is it possible to bring electronics as gift from US to Bangladesh?
What is overbooking (of flights), and why do airlines all seem to do it?
British Airways Fare Basis Code
What does the flight jargon &quot;fare class&quot; actually mean? Is it the same as either &quot;fare basis (code)&quot; or &quot;travel class&quot;?
How to understand the Indian Railways from abroad?
Taking everyday medicine to Australia - do I need documentation for these?
Deportation from Ireland
Will I have problem getting student visa after being refused once?
Two trips to the USA 3 weeks apart under ESTA scheme
Pick up a package in the US sent from abroad
Vehicles required/allowed in weigh stations on US interstates
I&#39;m a Malaysian, lost passport in Italy and want to continue my trip on an emergency travel doc
Where can I travel for prolonged periods of time while legally working remotely for a company in my home country?
How much cash to carry for a conference in the Netherlands?
Why does luggage need to be rechecked across two American carriers?
Is there a good website to plan a trip via trains in Europe?
I have a multiple-entry Schengen visa issued by Switzerland, can I come back home and then go to France?
Bank balance for Schengen visa?
How long does it take for a UK Visa application in New Delhi?
Extending visitor stay in the US
“Valid until” date for Dubai visa
What is the minimum time to consider with a connecting flight in the USA?
Schengen Visa: Itinerary change after visa issued
Travelling to Amsterdam with Multi Schengen visa. Can I visit Frankfurt on transit first?
Can I transit through UK using Business Visitor Visa?
Visiting Singapore on multiple entry visa, but staying in Johor. How many times can I cross Johor to Singapore
Can I leave and return to Singapore using a short-term visit pass after cancellation of employment pass?
Why is taxi fare (in the UK at least) the same price for 1 as for 4 people
Can US tourist visa program be used after student exchange visa after visiting Canada and coming back to USA as tourist?
Can I determine upgrade eligibility if I know the fare class?
Accessing Travel Agent Fare Class Data
Determine Cathay Pacific fare class
How is Delta&#39;s MQM minimum per leg affected by fare class?
Name change with Indian Tourist Visa on old Passport
Bus line 21 from Nice to Castellane
Bus options from Tocument International Airport (PTY) to downtown Panama City
In transit in US, or not, for ESTA?
Are 2 passports valid when one is British and the other applied for in Bulgaria
Schengen air travel confirmation and private aircraft
Airport options for trip to Genoa and Verona
Visa Germany 2 times - Schengen Visa
Suggestions regarding the must visit places of North-East India
Best spot in Europe for surfing/water sports and clubbing
Stay some months in Spain as a Turkish Citizen, do I need visa?
What is needed in order to apply for a &quot;follow your husband&quot; visa?
Waiting for visa to be express mailed one day before international flight
how to raise complain against the charges in rescue center in nepal
Paying for an on hold airline ticket without an itinerary receipt or confirmation number
Can we go outside from airport in India if we have connecting flights for USA?
Applying for Indian Passport (fresh passport) ECR &amp; NON-ECR - stuck in the process
Taxi from Paris Orly airport
What are my options to get from Vancouver to Seattle over the Easter weekend?
How can I find a professional business trip guide in China?
Second Schengen visa application refused within two days
Road Trip food on the cheap
Zippered travel sheets that open flat with a pillow insert that are machine-washable?
Applying for a B2 cohabitating visa with previous overstay as a minor
Where might I observe people sneaking across the Vietnam-Cambodian border illegally?
Australian and British defacto couple travelling in the EU
Issues with US immigration after alleged overstay - how to handle?
US Customs Pre-clearance in foreign airports
Broker (AirTicket24) has changed part of flight, can i ask a full refund?
Applying for a B2 visa after previous overstay as a child?
Usual taxi fares and things to know about transportation inside Antalya
Am I likely to get a cheaper flight with a long layover?
Can one travel with xerox copy of photo iD
How to clean drug misdemeanor in US so I don&#39;t get stopped at border every time?
Getting Dutch Schengen visa from the Italian embassy
Is there any reason to get a United Club subscription rather than the United Club card?
Do I need an ESTA to enter the US with the Victoria Clipper ferry?
Getting a Schengen visa without firm travel plans
Chicago ORD Airport Hotels Shuttle Services and Transportation
ID for TSA regarding name on boarding pass
TSA requirements regarding ID
How can I, a permanent resident of Canada, get an Emergency UK visa to visit sick nephew?
Schengen visa 90/180 rule question
Tokyo&#39;s Keikyu Airport Line transit question
Had to buy return tickets at the time of travel into Poland
Noise reduction inside airplane
How will the US Airways and American Airlines merger affect frequent flyer miles?
Buy and taste tea in China
Do I need a transit visa for Paris, France as an Indian citizen?
Does tourist visa (90 days) apply after a working holiday visa ends in Schengen countries?
To Apply for a visa: need &quot;one-year health insurance&quot; - but can only book insurance for 365 days
Where might I observe refugees escaping across the North Korea-China or North Korea Russia border illegally?
Russian visa in one day for US Citizens in Europe
Could I reach Ichkeul national park with public transportation?
Visiting Italy on tourist visa and applying for Family reunion visa
Will a Spanish visa issued to an Indian citizen with an incorrect date of birth cause me problems?
Transference of an accepted visa
Reliable Android app for GPS without internet connection
How do I book a one-way ticket from Paris (CDG) to Toronto (YYZ) from Paris?
Can I get a working visa for Sweden if I am a Canadian Citizen? Can I get more than one?
Where is exactly the place of Winterfell from Game of Thrones?
Cruising with an infant
Misspelled middle name in passport
Cancelling hotel after getting a visa?
Any trouble at Florida customs for not paying a California speeding ticket from 5 years ago?
Do I need a Transit visa while travelling to India via Frankfurt on H1B extension
From Kurf&#252;rstendamm to Europarc Dreilinden
Can a minor travel to the UK with an adult but return alone?
Help remembering name of  hotel in near Ł&#243;dź, Poland?
Crossing roads in Berlin
How to get compensation on cancelled flight?
Game of Thrones in Dublin
Jungle Trekking at Taman Aina Farrah Soraya
Travelling from the UK to Spain, have lost passport, any ideas?
Airport for Yellowstone and Grand Teton national parks?
Where can I find train routes using Wild West locomotives?
Petrol price comparison in Europe. Which resources are there?
Crossing the Black Sea by boat
Getting into Brazil with an onward ticket from another country
70 minutes Layover at LAX
Query regarding pooled quota waiting list ticket on Indian Railways
What is the easyjet hand luggage weight limit?
Re filling out ESTA - On the form do I say yes to transit or no?
Uk visa refusal for not showing strong family ties in Nigeria
Driving time around Iceland
Will TfL&#39;s plan to close all Tube ticket offices affect (US) tourists?
UK Tourist Visa for Indian Citizens from Paris
Iceland in March
What areas to avoid in Amsterdam for a family-friendly visit
Taking wife on visitor visa while I am on business visa (UK)
Bank statement, support from a relative and Schengen visa
Student visa for Sweden and Germany
Is there room for a rollaboard in a CRJ-200 overhead bin?
Where is the jetty where you take the boat to visit the Embera communities?
Is dual residency possible?
Overstayed my visa for over 9 years, never got deported, can I return as a tourist after 9 years?
Do Croatia, Serbia and Romania still give passport stamp (travel from EU)?
My departure record was not collected when I left the USA. Is this a problem?
Is there a guarantee that flightfox.com will be cheaper than other booking methods?
How to tell how bad touts are for a given country?
Want to take my family while I&#39;m on business visa UK
How do I book without forced penalty?
Visa with recent activity?
Milan expo 2015 visa for my food business
Business academic visitor visa possible refusal for separated marital status
Aircraft turned back to UK during flight to Marsa Alam
Tour: SanFrancisco, LA, SanDiego, Las Vegas, Grand Canyon -&gt; insider sights
Visa rules regarding travel back to the UK with wife I married abroad
Visa refused for Gulf what is impact on U.S. visa application?
What do I need to know to rent a car in Panama?
SA in UK require French Schengen
Compare train ticket prices in Britain
Pls help me giving information
What gesture to make when hitchhiking in Iran?
How can a visa refusal affect my future travel plans?
Proof of Accommodation for summer festivals
What are the options of using your home country cell abroad to call home?
Which sights are open late in Paris?
Is it legal to import software from the US to India, which is presently not for sale in India?
New Zealander travelling to Canada— return ticket requirements?
Regarding quota percentage in counter booking
Lowest cost method of exchanging AUD into physical other currencies?
Delayed departure while on ESTA
I am travelling from India to Kosovo via Turkey - do I need a visa as an Indian citizen?
Is it easy to enter the UK multiple times on the same Business Visitor Visa?
Returning to UK using C Business Visitor Visa
Spain on Dec 26th - Jan 1st
Can I travel into the U.S. with nexus even though my passport has expired?
What&#39;s the emergency number (the 911 equivalent) in Israel?
How good are Aeroflot&#39;s current safety and performance standards?
Where to drive an old car in Havana
Can a rip on a suitcase be repaired with iron-on patches?
Kosovo Identity card
What is the minimum age to drive a rental car in the US?
Expired UK Passport number
Marital status for re-entering USA if you got married abroad without registering?
Why does my phone&#39;s GPS not work in China?
Stopover in Heathrow, do I have to secure any kind of UK visa
Can I rent a car in Paris without a credit card?
Can a hotel kick you out if you let an unregistered guest share a room with you?
If I get a visa for France, will my time in France still count towards the 90/180 day Schengen limit?
Transiting at Kuala Lumpur
Authentic (non-touristic) places, where Italians eat, in Verona and Venezia
What do I need to know about traveling to Dubai during Ramadan?
We want to travel from Greece to Paris with same Schengen visa
Temple visits in Kerala - can you visit them alone?
What are the best airlines to become an elite in and why?
Greek Blue Paper
When travelling internationally with valuable personal effects, how do I avoid paying duty at each border crossing?
Taking Roissy Bus from Place Charles de Gaulle Etoile to CDG Terminal 2
Do I need a multiple-entry visa for an intra-Schengen layover?
What should I consider before choosing a Sub-Aqua Certification Organisation?
What is the cheapest way to get from Tocumen airport to Albrook bus station?
Options for Cooking while visiting Australia
Batteries in baggage / cabin baggage (US Airways)
Do I need to notify Irish authorities when I leave on a working holiday?
If I know a flight is delayed can I turn up late for check-in at the airport?
Funding friend&#39;s visit to UK from USA
Do I need a visa to go to Canada from America if I have a Green Card?
One ticket bought with miles on multi- carrier; how to buy the same ticket for a spouse?
Applying for US visa in Belgium
Health Insurance for schengen visa?
Place with well-treated elephants in Ko Samui/Chiang Mai?
Safe place to see the &quot;real&quot; Palestine as an Israeli passport holder?
Is there a thinner tool card than the Victorinox Swiss Card?
How to get a visa reissued in France after having lost my passport?
Recommended Tour Operator for &#39;Golden Triangle&#39; India
Is there a way to search for the cheapest flights regardless of date?
Uzbekistan-Kyrgyzstan border crossing by bus/train without passing Kazakhstan, possible?
Re-entering Israel as a tourist after student visa expires?
How an Indian citizen get a GCC business VISA?
How to sleep in twins beds that are pushed together?
Walking the Caminito Del Rey, or part of it, with children
Left Luggage Facility in Chennai International Airport (MAA)
Are there actually accommodation options in Cần Thơ, Vietnam for less than USD $10?
What is the fastest and most reliable way to reach Delhi from Sambalpur (in Odisha)?
How can we document the socio-professional standing required for a Schengen visa?
Finding sleepover spots in internet cafes in Japan?
Colombian entering Colombia on day of Colombian passport expiry date, could I be refused entry?
Returning to Schengen Area Visa Questions
Can you search for a job when using a tourist visa (B-2) in the US
Single parent entering Japan with 16 year old minor
Checking ski equipment on plane
Do I have to validate train tickets in the UK?
Is there a resource for crime statistics in Spain - especially robbery
Transport for Tour of Southern Spain
Is transit Visa required?
Travel within Schengen and Romania with French carte de s&#233;jour
Hiking trails on Bainbridge Island to see the skyline of Seattle?
can a Russian apply for European visa twice if he didn&#39;t go to the countries he applied to in the first?
UK online visa application: travelling &quot;with&quot; someone who doesn&#39;t have visa &quot;yet&quot;
How to declare Schengen Visa Sufficient Funds for girlfriend?
Private lodging rental search engine
Do both parents need to apply for a US passport for minors?
Do I need a visa to transit in LHR?
Should I buy the Suica &amp; N&#39;EX package to go from Narita to Tokyo?
Immigration/customs during layover in Rome
What do Amadeus GDS itinerary header codes mean?
Third Party Transit Insurance - Aussie Registered Car Travelling Via Singapore, Malaysia Into Thailand
Travel from Europe to Asia tickets
Caught speeding in New Zealand
What&#39;s the best way to buy Swedish Kronas from Brazil
Open gates on the Paris Metro
Where to stay in Isla de Coiba (Coiba Island)
When does Immigration happen on leaving Australia
How safe is travelling on European rail networks for solo travellers?
How to enjoy traveling with more people
Visa requirement for Bahamas Cruise for L1 Visa holder
Training for 3 month and attending conference is elegible under VWP?
Two legs on different tickets with Turkish Airlines - is baggage checked through
Can I transfer from Heathrow T3 to T5 without a visa? I am a Philippine Passport holder
Do U.S. citizens need a Russian transit visa?
Do I need to provide a transit visa in Moscow?
Does Ryanair serve alcohol on short flights?
Is not checking in any baggage suspicious?
Can I enter one country and leave from another one using a Schengen visa?
Is it possible to hire a car in Norway with a debit card?
Travel Insurance for US Citizens for a year-long trip
Things to do with children in and near Jerusalem in the Summer?
Is there a way to avoid extra scrutiny in India - Dubai flights?
Where can we find information about the cause of a flight&#39;s delay?
Apply for a new Schengen visa when you already have a used and valid National visa
Snowfall at sea level closest to the equator?
Arrival and departure date records of people entering and departing France
I have an Italian EU passport that expires October 2017, and I am planning to move to Germany in May 2015, can I get an early renewal on my passport?
Can I really finance a Silk Road trip, from India to the UK, by importing and selling the motorcycle?
Student visa refused
Transit visa for Zurich airport for visiting the city
Can I use my Pasmo and/or Suica from Tokyo when traveling Fukuoka?
Curonian Spit and Kaliningrad
Is it possible to travel from London to India while on an ICT visa in the UK?
Colma, CA safe and clean?
Will airlines compensate me if my entertainment system is not working?
What tips or tricks can you use to get &quot;upgraded&quot;/better hotel rooms?
Applying for eVisitor visa after WHV
Tier 4 Visa expiring in September 2015. Planning to go Europe in July. Can I apply back at home?
How soon can I re-enter the USA having stayed for 90 days under the Visa waiver programme? I am a UK citizen
Bicycle rental in Netherlands with drop-off in another city
Roissybus - No more child fare, but how about baby?
Will unbooked Premium Tatkal tickets confirm my General Waiting List ticket?
ATM fees in Turkey
When I travel next, I want to reach the point on the earth that is exactly opposite my home, how can I discover where that is?
Applying for a visa from outside country of origin
Can I enter the UK the day before the expiry date of my visa?
is there any good source for the baggage (carry-on) requirements for airlines around the world?
Can I leave South Africa after 90 day limit, and return after a few days with new 90 days?
Tips for taking a dog on a long distances (multiple day) car trip?
Is tipping a flight attendant acceptable?
What can you do about being forced to sit next to a very large passenger?
Which is the best exit from metro Montparnasse to get to Avenue du Maine northbound direction?
Where can I get insurance for travel in late pregnancy?
What are possible reasons for this strange flight pattern?
Overstayed a visa in US, is it relevant to mention in a Schengen visa request?
What kind of visa is necessary to volunteer (WWOOF) in Finland for 6 months?
Help with a Pay-As-You-Go mobil/data plan for Europe
How long to allow between arriving and getting a train from Stockholm Arlanda?
I am flying Mexico-Frankfurt but I connect flights in Houston, do I need a special permit if I already have a visa
How are validated underground tickets checked in Berlin?
What is the best method for exchanging dollars for Euros?
How safe is it to fly with Ryanair?
Why do we fasten seatbelts for turbulence?
Can you buy a 3-day metro pass (for tourists) in Tokyo center?
How can I find out if someone is in the Schengen Information System (SIS)?
Eindhoven public transport
Apply for F1 from home country after B1 extension
Consequences regarding an application to schengen visa Who have an overstay in US
I want to travel to the USA while working remotely for my non-US employer
Indian Visa-on-Arrival
When traveling to a country with a different currency, how should you take your money?
The best Keralan spices
US B1/B2 Visa got rejected twice- visiting china previously will be problem
Do I need transit visa for travelling from India to Spain via Brussels with Spanish re-entry permit
Getting from Len&#231;&#243;is to Morro de S&#227;o Paulo
Connection flight in Miami and London, do i need a transit visa?
How does London&#39;s 2015 &#163;5 One Day Bus and Tram Pass look like?
Can ESTA holder do some remote work from US for a UK company?
Number of hours before the departure, that is safe be at an airport for an international flight
Visa process Indian visiting Egypt
What should I do with my expired passport?
Why there is passport check at the check-in counter, immigration and even at the gate?
Getting a BART clipper card
Transit stop in Germany on route to USA from Turkey with expired Turkish visa
Am I eligible to apply for a Schengen Visa from the U.S. though F-1 visa is expired?
Applying for a Schengen Visa without itinerary
Do I get a free checked-in luggage item on this flight?
Can I still visit a &quot;movie TV&quot; establishment (MTV) in Taiwan?
About Visa Waiver and B1/B2 Visa
Apple iMac to India; Customs duty clarification
Central America, rain season and electronics
My visa period start on arrival, would they let me get into the plane?
Boarding flight before 2 hours of visa date
What are Android and/or iOS apps for public transit directions in Istanbul, Turkey?
Will confiscation of over-the-limit alcohol prevent someone travelling to Cuba?
luggage limit busing in Colombia (Bolivariano)
Airlines with an emigrating allowance?
Malaria pills needed for jungle trip in Chiang Mai?
Interesting walking activities in Narita on an overnight stop
Can I through check my bags on separate bookings (international flights)?
Could I use American Express rewards points for Eurostar
Is it cheaper to buy flights from abroad?
passport validity less than 6 months
What type of mosquito repellent is most effective?
Are you allowed to take pictures inside the Tomb of Ramesses?
Olympic National Park Rain Forest in April
Number of Atlantic Crossings in a sailboat?
How can i go to Uk for work i have italian resedent ?
Travel visa for Mozambique for Canadian and UK citizens?
Am I allowed stopover in Zurich airport without transit visa?
What is the best way to get from Sabiha Gokcen International Airport (SAW) to the Taksim Square by public transport?
Seeking spreadsheet template for planning multiple people/city visits
Can I use an expired passport to go home to get my passport renewed?
German visa refusal and appeal is made
Are dogs permitted on trains in Netherlands?
Is Amsterdam a dog friendly city?
Locating a Notary Public in Cozumel Mexico
Renting a car in Chile as US citizen?
In Perth, Australia for one month: rent car or buy car?
How to get an entry permit for Myanmar in Mae Sai?
Where can I buy mawa cake?
Working as a co-op/internship in Canada
Italy Schengen tourist visa Funds documentation
Middle name on ticket and passport but not in system -- missed flight
Are there public bath etiquette to be aware of in Japan for foreign women?
Schengen visa refusal through German consulate
How to access Killarney Provincial park (Ontario) by public transportation
How to rent a flat in France for about a month
Check ETA approval
Can I create a travel money card as tourist?
What is the best way to travel cheap through Scotland?
Can I board at a different train station with a tatkal ticket in India?
What does &quot;NOLI&quot; signify on a Cebu Air Pacific boarding pass?
Paris with a less touristic neighborhood
Is a tour of a US Embassy possible?
Can I receive a visa to stay in the Schengen area after my Danish Visa has expired?
Does my wife need a visa for Dubai for a stop of 1.5 hours?
How long should I schedule to travel from Manila to General Santos, Philippines?
Is it possible to extend my Schengen visa?
How can I extend my Schengen seafarer&#39;s visa?
Computer/Technology oriented tourist attractions
Can I live on an unoccupied island?
Mobile connectivity in Israel, in and outside small and large cities?
What are good options for long term parking at O&#39;Hare Airport?
Is it possible to bring fudge from New Zealand to UK?
Getting to Cappadocia: Nevsehir or Kayseri Airport?
Visit UK with Business Visitor visa again for tourism purposes
Canada to Mexico via USA: Do I need and ESTA or visa?
Travel from UK to Canada to USA to Mexico
Anything to do for a 4h35 stopover in Guangzhou?
Transport to hotel from Cancun airport
Ireland castle hotel options
Is there any way to spend a night in a European castle?
Travelling between the UK and Norway as an Australian citizen on a standard holiday visa
What is the cheapest way to get from Amsterdam Schipol to Park&amp;Ride (P&amp;R) coach park at Zuiderzeeweg (Megabus Stop)
When driving in Belgium, what equipment is mandatory to have in a car registered in another country?
London and Paris Spring Vacation, end of May - Impact from School Holidays and Whitsunday?
Airport Transit visa in France
Can I create my own island nation?
UK Entry Stamp - different from a visa?
Baggage through Check-in and transit visa requirements
Need to leave for double entry china visa?
How to go from Bangkok airport to Khao San?
What is the highest altitude town or village with accommodation in Cambodia?
St. Angelo&#39;s fort tomb stone
We are having a stop over for a little less than 24hours in Mumbai, do we need a visa?
Best place to buy Swiss Francs using US dollar
Secondary school leaving certificate nostrification in Czech Republic
Buying electronics in Phnom Penh
Can foreigners cross from Cambodia to Vietnam at the Binh Di river?
Can I exit to India (Indian citizen) directly from Qatar (VISA on Arrival) &amp; an UAE resident
Camping in Torres del Paine in May
Travel to USA while working remotely for US company
What&#39;s up with low visibility in Thailand?
Traveling from Canada to Istanbul &amp; Athens - 2 different passports?
Schengen and UK Visa for Indian citizen: Which type of ticket can I use as supporting documentation?
Chavitti uzhichil course in Kerala
What are the best times to travel to Asia?
A quiet holiday around Istanbul
Can I carry sand to UK in luggage bag?
Finding a notary in Mexico City
Emirates luggage size rules changed since Nov.15, 2014
1hr 30min layover in Ataturk Airport (Istanbul)
Transit visa at Istanbul Airport, Turkey, during a Turkish Airlines arranged stopover?
Where can I print a document in Vancouver?
How can I remove highway vignettes and other miscellaneous stickers from the windshield of my car?
Expired visa, can I still fly inside US without risk?
How much money do you need to have on hand when entering USA?
Where I can find beaches with still water in beginning of April in Sri-Lanka?
Avoid getting sick in India
Are the backpacks with ventilation mesh convenient for backpacking?
Flying from California to Texas: do I need ESTA?
Connecting flight through Dubai with an Israeli/Jewish name
Is Pentecost observed in Lisbon?
What countries can I transit on my way to Kenya without requiring a visa?
Multiple entry visa to UK (sponsored visitor)
Do I need a Mexican visa with my US valid visa to travel to Mexico?
Is Canadian Visa required if just in Toronto changing flights?
French and Armenian passports travel to Germany by Russia
What is the limit of cabin baggage on Wizzair flights?
Dual Citizenship (south african and EU passport) travelling to the UK - using two passports?
Flights booked for 7 passengers, can the non-paying passenger cancel it?
Can an airline operate a flight on the same route with the same flight number twice in one day?
Transfer from Incheon airport to Gimpo and vice versa
Are there any ways to get American Airlines systemwide upgrades, apart from having Executive Platinum status?
When traveling to Japan, which problems can one encounter for not speaking any Japanese when it comes to reaching all major tourist attractions?
Good places to visit Dead Sea on the Israeli side
Shipping my car from Europe to Canada or the U.S
Can I get vegan sushi in Tokyo?
Can I ride a small moped/motorcycle elsewhere in Europe, with a UK driving license with &quot;p&quot; category entitlement?
Is multiple entry for UK general tourist visa possible?
How happily will taxis cross the triple-point borders around Basel?
Travel to USA while working remotely to US company, long term (1-3 months)
British Irish visa for Indian citizens?
What can I do in Hong Kong with a three hour layover?
Renting a car from Milan to Switzerland
Clarification on UK Visitor Rules Paragraph 41 and the Schengen cooling off period
Practical food to take on flight without anything served?
Best way to split costs during travelling
Driving from Genoa to The Hague with an LPG car
Can I buy a vignette for Hungary (Matrica) online?
Advice on Hotel - Travelling to visit my girlfriend in Russia
Is there a listing for direct red-eye flights from the west-coast to the east-coast in the US?
Travelling with hiking poles as checked-in luggage
Why is there usually free cancellation on car rentals but not on hotels?
I have B1 visa, can I apply for F1 visa?
How to deal with inaccurate luggage weighing scales at an airport
Is there a ZIP code I can enter when paying-at-the-pump in the USA with a foreign credit card?
Dual Citizen - Ireland/UK entering Thailand
Identifing city (and buildings) below Mount Fuji
Where can I see snake charmers in India?
can an unused type c schengen visa issued by netherlands be used to visit prague if being used first time?
If I renew my passport do I get 10 years from the expiration date or 10 years from the renewal date?
Ticket refund for a return ticket from Turkish Airways
Amsterdam to Berlin - Hire Car
Can I supervise a learner italian driver in italy with my full Australian drivers license plus international drivers permit?
What are the options for shipping luggage to the US from Vietnam?
do i need a transit visa for Paris is coming from the US to Czech Republic?
Is there a way to avoid the so called &quot;resort fee&quot;?
Tourist visa with cancelled old passport and have renewed passport in hand
How much money do I need to show I have to visit the UK from Egpyt?
Will my Chinese visa still be valid if I renew my passport?
Best &#39;private&#39; spots for stargazing on Mountain Teide, Tenerife
Are the Schengen &quot;airport transit visa&quot; even checked?
Are there any restaurants serving real chinese food in Benelux?
Student resident permit in Finland stay duration in Germany for travel
What are the visa requirements for a Chinese citizen to visit Azerbaijan?
Booking a flight in the airport right before departure
USA - Combining business with pleasure
Unused b1/b2 valid visa
Do I need a visa for a connecting flight through Paris
Closest place to Addis Ababa where you can see wildlife
How long can I expect the connection to be in Athens International Airport
Leaving the Schengen area (Finland) on the last day of visa validity
Traveling to Iceland with a US Passport
Tourist visa is with my old passport number instead of my new renewed passport
Does my Schengen visa allow me to enter the Schengen area into another state after I&#39;ve finished my visit to the issuing state?
Is it safe to park a motorbike on the street at night Spain?
How to get to Debre Libanos in Ethiopia? What are the possible dangers?
How can I learn if I need to pay London&#39;s congestion fee?
Cheap accommodation in Spain
my vwp not authorized, does it affect get to canada
How to protect an expensive backpack in airplane hold?
When can I return to Singapore?
Am I allowed to enter Germany with extended passport and German Blau Card
Where are the shopping areas in Rome?
Do they still have border controls in the highways when you travel to croatia like before?
Indian national transiting through heathrow from Paris
Schengen Visa for Germany refused due to lack of subsistence
US citizen with my 90 days almost over - if I leave Italy and go to Croatia and back to Italy will my 90 days reset?
Why do Eurotunnel do cheaper fares for shorter trips
Dual Canadian and British citizen - healthcare coverage in the UK?
Daily alerts for cheapest flights anywhere at any given time?
Cheapest way to get from Tucson, AZ to Boulder, CO?
Do I need two transit visas for travelling through the US?
How much does a taxi from Southampton to London cost?
Long Layover in Zurich Airport
Overlanding without a Carnet de Passage?
One prepaid SIM for 4 weeks of travel in both the US and Canada?
How can I get to Arusha, Tanzania from Nairobi, Kenya?
Difference between Airport Hotels and Transit Hotels?
Visa expiry and re issue
What is the cheapest way to get from Eindhoven to Amsterdam?
Nightlife in Tokyo Roppongi neighborhood
Enter USA with Canadian residence permit
Entering Schengen countries with a valid visa which will expire in 10 days
German short term visa - take flight next day on visa expiry date
Do I have to declare an iPhone 6 when entering China?
Ship my laptop home to the US from Mexico?
What to do with an invitation from a friend in UK whom I wish to visit during a short holiday there?
Child Accompanied Visa- Return with another adult
Renting a car in the USA — how to know costs for the legal minimum liability insurance, before arriving for pickup?
Guests at a motel
Visit USA again after having left USA, but with unexpired F1 visa &amp; I20/OPT
Is Morocco dangerous, in particular for a Jewish American?
Are there any tour group comparison websites?
Do French immigration police at St. Pancras for Eurostar speak English?
Airbnb: will I be charged extra $1,500 if I check out just one day earlier?
How are safety standards enforced in an airline which is not IOSA certified?
Which car should we rent to visit several European countries?
American Allowance in Schengen Area vs Having a Schengen Visa in Schengen area
Do I need a transit visa for a 14 hour layover in India as a British Citizen?
Reliable, Free Flight Alert Website allowing multiple route combinations
Change of flight schedule
How to adapt to Western Toilets from Indian-style toilets?
How do you get your refund for a Greyhound bus refundable ticket in the US?
Can I use Google Maps traffic information to estimate driving time for a specific date/time?
How is the range of Google Maps new drive time feature defined?
Why is Montreal airport code YUL?
Do I still need my Garmin Etrex Vista GPS or can I just use my iPhone with an App?
How to get to Angel Falls?
Camping between Puerto Montt and Santiago in Chile?
How can I estimate how much sunscreen I need to pack?
Driving in North and South Carolina with an Indian driving licence?
How can I get the most out of darjeelin.com?
Can I buy a prepaid mobile data plan while on route in France?
Prepaid SIM card for data in France (Paris)
Entry permit to italy with polish national visa
How to visit Malbork Castle from Gdansk?
Where can I store my suitcase at Madrid Bajaras airport?
Type of visa required for an Indian to visit London city during layover?
As a UK passport holder do I need to get a Schengen Visa for Iceland for a 4 day holiday?
Working Holiday Visa Expiring. Can I re-enter the UK on a tourist visa
Do any States in the US give traffic tickets for 5 mph above the speed limit?
United Airlines does not comply with baggage policy from IATA Resolution 302?
Air-conditioned cafe in Kampot, Cambodia?
Do I need a Chilean identification number just to buy a bus ticket?
Can I use my passport even though it has the wrong place of birth
Is there a list of online public transportation planners?
Refused plab visa last year, reapplying now
Transit visa for India or NOT?
Price of compl&#233;ment de parcours varies depending on where I buy it: why?
Trekking near Addis Ababa, where can one do it?
Is there a site that shows the current GPS position of active cruise ships?
Shipping a kayak to India - or can I fly with it?
Schengen overstay penalty / effect on next Schengen visit?
How to intentionally get denied entry to the US, without getting into trouble?
Traveling from Ireland to UK on a South African passport?
Madurai to Germany via Dubai - SpiceJet
Can you take Gorrilla Glue in Hold Luggage on a plane?
Luggage storage for a few hours in Las Vegas?
What is the best time to make a hotel reservation?
Why is Mumbai - London - Dallas - Denver more expensive than Bangalore - Mumbai - London - Dallas - Denver?
Transit by road through Kenya
What currencies can I use in Istanbul?
Travelling to Malta from Kenya next month, concerned about my visa application
City in Peninsular Malaysia to immerse in Malay language?
UK ESTA USA Visa run
In which countries (or states) can a traveler smoke weed and not face any legal charges?
Car return / relocation services in the USA?
How to redeem an American Airlines voucher?
Getting to Shatili village from Tbilisi?
Can I add passengers later for free to my booking for the DFDS Dover-Calais / Dunkirk ferry?
Do I need a transit visa in Dubai?
Indian National Travelling from USA to India via Dublin
New York stopover on EU passport for dual US citizen during transatlantic trip
What are the legal implications of exporting a tarantula from Brazil to Mexico?
Do I need a transit visa in Paris and Panama?
Is there a list of countries that do not reset the time limit for Canada visits?
Can I take a bicycle when boarding a VIA Rail train at a small (flag) stop?
Definitive list of countries where a head scarf is required for woman
Figure for taxi ride from LAS Las Vegas airport to the MGM
Brownsville Texas: will cabs take you over the Mexico border?
Best way to make my ears pop?
Compensation for flight change made by the airline
Age restriction on working in Jordan
Obtaining insulin in Colombia as a foreign tourist
Sufficient Identification for Intra Schengen flights
What to do if you need to fly in the Schengen area and lose your ID card?
Can I enter Romania from Dubai with a Schengen visa?
90 day limit for visa waiver program
Free Amtrak Lounge Access with No Ticket
Travelling through UK - H1B (Visa stamp expired) but have a UK visitor&#39;s visa
Not getting passport stamped in Sweden
With Air France &quot;TGVAir&quot;, can you check in the night before?
Re-Applying for Schengen Visa in Germany as Visiting family and Friends Visa?
How Safe are Train Rides in the U.S.?
Why is Amtrak so expensive in the Northeastern US?
OK we&#39;re all adults here, so really, how on earth should I use a squat toilet?
Is it safe to travel to Kiev at the moment?
Is a driving licence needed to drive a scooter in Ibiza?
How can I obtain a one-week Schengen visa?
What supporting evidence is required for a Moroccan travel visa?
Taking the CTA to United Center, Chicago
How can I wash myself Indian-style (using water not toilet paper) in Western toilets?
Entering the UK for a prolonged time of six months with no visa
Will an EU residency card be sufficient to depart China?
Name (or search terms etc) for enhanced travel insurance for locations with travel warnings
Incentives to change flights
Transportation from Zadar to the Plitvice Lakes national park and then to Split
Travel from Venice, Italy to Cologne, Germany
How to protect glass and ceramic items for air travel?
Chinese citizen/passport making connection flight in Zurich
I am from Malaysia, should I have a return trip or a multiple trips by Eurostar?
Why would I choose full service carrier instead of a low-cost one?
How to find a decent taxi company in Chicago?
Is it safe to drive a motorcycle in Bali without IDP?
Where to return I-94 form?
Luggage storage at San Francisco Airport
How soon can I reapply for another Schengen visa after using a granted visa to the Netherlands?
Transport in Belgium
UK transit visa, can my brother bring my daughter to UK when travelling to US
Best way to transfer Indian rupees to Bank of America?
Schipol to Keukenhof by public transport
How do I check-in for a flight using an e-ticket?
Who was this persistent person at Shanghai airport?
Am I too heavy for Chinese hard sleeper trains?
Getting multiple tourist visas at the same time
Can I get a Taiwan visa from China
What popular western web services don&#39;t work in mainland China?
apply for visa for travel to Morocco
Can I travel to Schengen Counries with a valid Greece Schengen VISA; I am from India?
Can an airline really refuse to depart when overbooked?
Historical flight data outside of the USA?
First Entry to Swiss with Schengen Visa issued by Austria?
Car rentals cross-border between USA &amp; Canada
Airlines refusing check-in without return ticket
Is it true that people &quot;can just take all the luggage off the airport conveyer belt and leave with it.&quot;?
Which are my options to find trip companions online?
What do shops mean when they are open 7/7?
Question about UK General Visitor Visa
I booked an TGVAir train+plane ticket with Air France, must I travel the first (train) leg?
On an Air France &quot;train&quot;, can you credit the trip to Flying Blue or SNCF Voyageur?
Flying to a Schengen zone from a country other than the one where the visa was issued
Long Haul flight with 9 month old with potential no Bassinet
Which Canadian airport will my work permit be processed at?
What can someone do with a digital photo of your identity page and your US visa page?
What documentation is needed to register in China with local police when staying with a friend?
If you are a US Citizen, do you need a visa to travel to Ghana?
Internship in Germany on Normal Schengen visa?
What is the closest city I can go from a bullet train departing from Beijing?
Is it possible for a U.S. citizen to rent a car in Brazil?
I am British, If I change my passport name, would other countries know my old name?
Is it generally true that Japanese people are more reluctant to help Asian compared to Western foreigners?
Can someone living in China on a business visa write a letter of invitation for an S2 visa?
Hotels/cottages with private hot tub access in Colorado Springs/Denver, Colorado
Hiking around Vigo, Spain
Road condition B6 From Mbeya to Tabora. How long should it take to drive in a 4x4
Is it Reasonable to book Ferries from Santorini to Mykonos in Advance?
What to do on east coast of Sri Lanka in May
I&#39;ve been told one state in the US is the easternmost, westernmost and northernmost state. How to visit the points?
Will I need a power converter for my laptop? (U.S. based.) to Philippines?
Going from a VWP to being an overstay and now applying for a B2 visa with the intent of switching it to a student visa
Service to carry bags to / from airport in Australia - right up to checkin?
What docs to show if I&#39;m a US citizen with no US passport (but with another non-US passport) to re-enter the US
European driver&#39;s license Type B and 10,000lb vehicle in USA
Transport options from Ha Tien, Vietnam to Kep, Cambodia
Going from SFO Airport to San Francisco downtown
Do I need a transit visa to stay airside in Heathrow, as a Bangladeshi going to the British Virgin Islands
How to deter theft of checked baggage at baggage carousels?
What is a cheap way to get from NYC to Boston, MA?
Why do return flight costs vary depending on the country of origin?
Travelling to Georgia, should I get a rabies vaccination?
Pass for public transport in San Francisco
90 days out of 180
Can I change my route and hotel reservation after getting a Schengen visa?
Can you mail yourself to another country? Any country?
14 hours layover at Abu dhabi... can i stay inside the airport without a transit visa
3 months as tourist in USA, then resident in Canada for 2 months, then back to USA for 3 months tourism
Can I plug an adapter into a power strip when going from UK to Europe (Spain)?
Things allowed through Indian customs and minor having iPhone for emergency purposes
Can I apply a new German Schengen Visa, when my first Czech Schengen visa has not expired but only allow me to entry once
Which is the cheapest ski resort in the Alps?
What is the cheapest metro system in the world?
Schengen visa application for multiple trips?
How to find budget accommodation in Iran?
How to get a visa for Iran
How to get from Courmayeur to Milano?
What is the price of ferries between Bulgaria and Georgia?
Iran visa after having visited Israel
I apply for a J-1 visa, can my wife apply for a B1 visa (instead of J2) to visit me?
How can I secure my online activity while traveling?
Dieppe to Newhaven ferry - necessary to prebook ticket?
Are cruises&#39; Shore Excursions worth the money?
Adjustment of status/expired visa, wanting to travel within US by air
Is it feasible to visit Yellowstone National Park from Vancouver over the Easter weekend?
Do I need visas for France and Dublin and Abu Dhabi? I&#39;m holding a Philippine Passport
Driving a rental car through Colorado
US Dollar (USD) to Nicaraguan C&#243;rdoba (NIO) exchange rate
How much is my Nicaraguan money worth in US dollars?
What happens if I miss my flight on a 1 day visa in UK?
Problems with picking up Italian Trenord tickets booked online - looking for first hand experience
Possible connection: Milan malpensa airport to Milano Centrale
Is it really forbidden to cross the Indian border with Indian rupee?
Driving with a CB (citizen band radio) in the US
Easyjet ticket office in Sch&#246;nefeld
Can you freeze liquids to pass security checks?
Need to extend the validity (number of days) for an unused Schengen visa
Carrying 2 laptops and 2 Mobiles to Chennai Airport from Sydney on return back to India
Entry into South Africa with Felony
Johannesburg Airport to Mbabane
Do I need a transit visa to change terminals in London Heathrow?
Why are there holes in ice cubes in airplanes?
Flights - Direct in one direction, but with at least 1 stopover on the other?
One-way versus return airfare tickets
Domestic Or International Check In
Search engine for stop over possibilites
Which is the best time of year to visit Bali?
Why do UK people stand on the right on escalators?
Import one bottle of liquor to the US
Do Ukrainian citizens require a transit visa at Vienna travelling form Ukraine to Serbia?
Map of bus stops for Greyhound in Canada?
Buy a roundtrip ticket for two people, but second person only travels on return - is that possible
Quickest way from London to Dubai without flying?
Why do airlines (typically?) require customers to phone for special meals, and not provide this option online?
Place to leave luggage in Brussels, for multiple days?
Where can I leave 15kg luggage in Osaka for 5 days?
Applying for Irish short stay visa
3 passengers on a multi-city trip and 1 does not intend to take the last leg. Will the other 2 experience problems?
My residence &amp; work permits in Germany are expiring soon, but I want to stay and travel in Europe. What visa should I apply for?
Is ice subject to the TSA&#39;s 3-1-1 Liquids Rule?
Thailand Visa on Arrival Duration
Wifi coverage in SE Asia?
Is there any specific destination in Southeast Asia famed for dentistry?
Is it recommended to hire a car in northern Thailand? From whom?
For a long-haul flight from London Gatwick, is arriving 2&#189; hours in advance enough?
How to find car rental companies in Kalibo, Philippines?
What is the weather usually like in November in Palawan, Philippines?
Color Printing in Luang Prabang
Present for bicycle traveler
Healthcare and dual citizenship
Traveling in Europe Solo - 18 years old. Feasible?
What does this sticker on the back of my passport mean?
What class of vehicle is commonly called &quot;a Toyota&quot; in Dudhu Chak/Eastern Pakistan?
Are taxis available on the Israel side of the northern crossing to Jordan?
Travelling to San Francisco from Dublin to save money on tax- allowed?
(Where) Can I go to a &quot;sleeper&quot; cinema?
How strict is Lufthansa about pet carrier dimensions?
How to stay safe in Mexico City
Backpacking with visa B2 in USA
Is 40 Min Layover in Newark Enough time?
Is the use of APC Kiosks quicker than the paper method
Can one board a flight with photo ID bearing an old last name?
If I lose my papers/passport in the US, what police station should I report it to?
Does Mastercard or American Express have more worldwide acceptance?
Which cities in Vietnam have a Chinese embassy or consulate where I can apply for a visa?
How do I use a Satnav (Garmin Nuvi 2599) in Turkey?
Can an Australian obtain a visa to enter Pakistan by land border while already overseas?
Luggage transfer in Dubai between flights, without a visa
What does &quot;To book in house&quot; mean?
How to spot fake reviews on TripAdvisor?
Can food from Indian restaurants in America be found in India?
Least expensive Vietnam visa for Australian citizen from Cambodia?
Entry into the US without stamped H4 visa
See as much of Europe as possible in a week
Are wet wipes subject to the TSA&#39;s 3-1-1 Liquids Rule?
What is the fastest bus route from Guatemala City to Canc&#250;n, Mexico?
Long (3-hour) layover in Paris CDG connecting with a TGV train, where should I wait?
Schengen Visa/Transit Visa question
Schengen 90 days: what&#39;s counted?
Any tips for travelling LONG journey with 5 month old
Splitting my 90 days in a Schengen country
How to transport a robot on a flight?
Belgian Rail Pass and RailPlus pass. Which to use to travel from a Belgian station to Roosendal, Aachen or Maastricht?
In the Grenadines, how could you get scuba tanks for diving if already on a boat?
Does gel deodorant count as &quot;liquids&quot;?
Can I ask for a luggage transfer at the transfer check in counter in Taipei?
Packing sensitive electronics for flight
Recalling the train/seat details for a SNCF ticket loaded onto your Voyageur card?
Prepaid SIM card with best data plan in Canada
How long does my Indian visa need to be active after I have entered into India?
Do I still need a blood test for a Kurdistan residency permit?
Will it be a problem for my Russian girlfriend to apply for a US nonimmigrant visa in Beijing while working in China on a business visa?
Use of Euros in Sri Lanka, will they be accepted for small purchases?
Hiking/nature around Lyon
Travel without an Italian residence permit in the Schengen area
Are there any halal restaurants in Ratanakiri and Mondulkiri?
Review censorship on the big travel websites: Any analyses/research?
First Class Japan Rail Pass on Trains Without First Class
Is there a difference between green traffic lights and blinking green traffic lights?
Visiting the Edinburgh Fringe (events information)
Air travel with a stoma (ileostomy or colostomy)
Travel between Managua and Monteverde
Is there such a thing as a European sim card?
Is there a way to find out specifically why a flight was delayed?
What&#39;s the courtesy: wipe off the wash basin?
How can I get to Luton Airport from Watford via public transport?
Can i go to Terminal 2 from terminal 1 in dubai international airport
Do we need a transit visa we have a 12 hour stop over and have booked a hotel, we are flying with AirIndia from Sydney to Rome return
Turkish transit visa on arrival
Hartford to Montreal June 2015
Travelling with beach sand in carry-on
How to get from Istanbul Airport (Ataturk) to Bursa, mid march, by bus and ferry?
Does the US government know if I have another passport?
Refused UK business visitor visa
How do I make a transfer in Dublin airport if my two flights are on separate tickets?
Does the US governmental shutdown affect traveling to/from the US and if so, how?
Do I need a transit visa for Frankfurt, Germany, on the way to Ecuador?
What exactly is a &quot;FM-T&quot;, Mexico Tourist Card?
Duty free when flying to two different EU countries with 2 litres of spirits?
Is there a website that measures the level of xenophobia in countries/cities?
Are foreigners targeted in the Xinjiang / Uyghur related violence in Western China?
Finding Gilgit&#39;s Kargah Buddha
Is it possible for Indian citizens to travel to Gilgit–Baltistan and Azad Kashmir?
Am I a British citizen overseas or just a UK British citizen?
Airplane seat dimension regulations: are there any?
Where in the world am I most likely to see stacked lenticular clouds?
Can I use a passport card as ID in a bar?
Is a regulation baggie required for carryon liquids in Toronto Pearson Airport?
Where do I exchange Russian currency outside Russia?
Can I buy malaria medication in India?
How to successfully haggle / bargain in markets
Hong Kong to Japan by sea
Aeroflot Bonus Card + Miles
Does the Amtrak SW Chief serve breakfast prior to arrival in LA?
How can I get to Iceland on a cargo ship?
Can I enter the UK on my expired British passport if I have a valid South African passport?
Which Schengen Visa to apply for
What are the transportation options for getting from Managua International Airport to other cities in Nicaragua?
Schengen tourist visa refused. Can I appeal for reconsideration?
Custom Rules in Canada about bringing food
Is trekking safe in south Slavic countries?
Will there be flowers blooming in the last week of March at the St. Louis Botanical Garden?
J1 grace period ends 3 days before I leave. How to proceed?
What precautions should I take on a Japan travel with a person who is allergic to shrimp?
Booking 2 ways ticket, not onboard 1 way, consider canceling both?
Can I travel to my home country without US passport?
Visa for taking the New York Bar Exam?
Heathrow Passport Stamps
What is the best way to get a cab from Granada to Laguna de Apoyo?
Can a visitor to the UK work as volunteer?
UK Visa Refused. Want to reapply
traffic through Schengen area with an EEA Family Permit
Flying from NYC via Philadelphia to Halifax, I clear Immigration and Customs in Canada?
How much transfer time for domestic flight arriving in LGA, transferring to JFK for an International Flight?
Is it illegal/against rules to combine miles from different airlines?
As Philippine do I need a transit visa on a cruise through Schengen countries and the UK and Ireland?
Why is it difficult/how to make it easier for Americans to understand Australian accents?
How much can I claim in damages for a missed connection, on an EU airline flying through the EU?
Car insurance in France for 100 days
Is wild camping possible in Germany? Where?
Can I bring beef jerky to the US from Nigeria?
Immigration rules when connecting though Toronto Pearson to another Canadian airport
Boarding refusal at boarding gate
Can I converse with Japanese travellers on the Shinkansen or is it rude?
Hiking around Iceland: Trails or walking on the ring road?
I have a B1/B2 visa, can I visit my wife in US?
Can I keep my old passport when I have it renewed and a new one issued?
12-hour Daytime Luggage Storage in San Juan, Puerto Rico?
Qatar airlines going from Chicago to Colombo, Sri Lanka
Darwin to Timor by boat
Communist architecture in Berlin
Walk/Run from Berlin Tegel Airport to Berlin City Centre
April Hokkaido Camping and Hiking
Will I get a better deal if I were to book a car from an airline reservation web site?
Is it normal to walk around a(n American) hotel in pajamas?
Short Term Tourist Visa Refusal
Can I spend some time in a real prison as a tourist attraction?
Middle name on ESTA
Can my Venezuelan girlfriend take connecting flights within the US to get home?
NJ Transit Train first time riding
Meeting someone at the airport gate in the US?
Airport employees in preclearance areas?
Cellular Internet in Iceland?
Cheapest possible way to make phone calls to the USA when visiting multiple European countries
How to get to central Berlin from Schoenefeld Airport
Can I rent a car in Berlin and drive to Krakow?
Travelling from Berlin Airport to Leipzig
How to pass time / manage a very long drive (25+ hours) with a group of people
Do I need a transit visa if spending 10 hours in a Vietnamese airport?
True current procedure and cost of extending Cambodia tourist visa in person?
Is there a tourist destination where the new year starts first and at the same time the old year ends last?
What is this North Korean booze?
Non-Biometric Venezuelan Passport Travel to EU
How functional is World Sim, GoSIM and other &quot;International&quot; Data SIMs, in terms of coverage, quality of service and cost?
Schengen counting rules and name change
Is it safe to park hired 2 wheeler near Goa beaches?
Is it OK for someone to follow their family&#39;s rented moving truck into a weigh station?
UK Visitor Visa: Required Time or Interval Between Visits?
Does Turkish Airlines tend to &quot;economically&quot; cancel flights?
Rio de Janeiro to Petropolis to Teresopolis back to Rio
I have a U.S. tourist visa (B1/B2), is that enough to transit via U.S. airports?
if I lose my passport in the US and the I94 along, how will I prove I leave US soil?
Can I have my friend check my bag and have it dropped off at their layover airport so I can pick it up?
Is the country code for &quot;U.A.E.&quot; in a passport &quot;ARE&quot;?
How to leave the Philippines by boat to Taiwan, China or Hong Kong
Potential difficulties in trip to Europe?
Indian citizen living in United Kingdom wants to get a Schengen visa for France
Claiming compensation for late service of Eurotunnel
Cape Verde: travel between islands
Depart UK by Air or Ship?
Qatar - Doha - Lounge Options
What to do in Morocco as a backpacker
Multiple journeys on same route - roundtrip tickets in bulk (plane)
How does seat assignment work with &#39;direct to gate&#39; service from Norwegian?
What&#39;s the cheapest SIM card with Internet for smartphone in Czech Republic?
No stamp when going from India to Glasgow through Dublin
Schengen area travel after Maltese residence permit expiry. Australian passport
How much cash am I supposed to prepay at gas station in the US?
Do I have to go through immigration for a connection in Canada (Montreal)?
Where to go in the United States for a week trip in June for a young couple?
Is there a Waze-like app to keep track of each other among travel companions?
Can a person travel using their i94 as an ID?
Tourist Visa After Student Visa in Schengen Zone
Tourist visa, Spain, teaching English?
Going to a border to get another 90 days of visa waiver
Re-entering the US for the third time in a year with total of 240 Days
Flight connections between south-west Germany and Corsica?
Got a plane ticket but no passport
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?
transit visa for london
Do I need to apply for two separate visas for Australia and New Zealand?
Laos visa-on-arrival for Indian Citizens: Is it also available at land border crossings?
Searching for flights to &quot;Anywhere&quot; in narrow time frame
When to arrive for a NBA game?
Going from USA to India via London with expired US visa but valid Canadian visa
ANA non-stop flight from BOM to NRT
How do I connect at LAX from an international flight on American to a domestic one?
Entering U.S. exactly on the day of visa &quot;expiration date&quot;
Best way to get from San Diego to Los Angeles by public transport (no Greyhound)
International connections in OR Tambo Airport, Johannesburg
Is it rude to refuse to eat from the same plate in parts of the Middle East?
Should I get travel insurance for a trip booked as a mileage award?
Can I have a sword fight in Scotland?
Can I re enter the US on the VWP immediately after 90 days?
Partial cancellation of a train ticket
Can my family leave Istanbul Ataturk Airport during layover to Toronto?
How to find a truck mechanic while traveling in New Zealand
What&#39;s the cheapest method to send a large package from New Zealand?
Somewhere tourists can lightly study Mongolian calligraphy in Inner or Outer Mongolia?
Is there a way to check that the conditions on your plane ticket are actually what your travel agent said they are?
Quickest way from Istanbul to Krakow
How to book a ticket for an unborn infant?
Indian having UK visa. Can I get a Schengen visa on arrival at France?
Check in time for layover at Sydney airport
Places for camping without a caravan in UK
Dual Citizenship (Guyana and UK) and obtaining a US visa?
San Francisco to Los Angeles: bus or plane?
How much is a boat trip from Venezuela to Trinidad?
Can I get to Sharm el Sheik from Hurghada?
pay for flight reservation only after approval of visa application?
Can the family visitors visa be canceled because the settlement visa has been refused?
How can I search specifically for cottages/cabins with kitchen(ettes)?
Visa/permit for foreign tourists to visit the Andaman Islands?
Is it easy to go from Cairo to Luxor via Western Oasis?
Discounts for Universal Studios Japan when it&#39;s your birthday?
What characteristics should I look for when buying a backpack?
Travelling to USA on B2 (Tourist) and getting medicines for others
What is the rule regarding tips in Czech Republic?
UK hotel overcharged credit card, where to complain?
Ticket Price refund for missed connection
How can I reach Muiderslot castle from Amsterdam Central?
When buying fuel in Peru service stations, do you have to give an ID?
Road numbers&#39; colors/shapes in Google Maps
If there&#39;s no &quot;until&quot; date on your US entry stamp, how long can you stay as an ESTA holder?
What are &quot;prohibited / restricted areas&quot; in the context of an Indian visa?
8 Hours layover in Sydney on my way back to Singapore, Can I roam Sydney without an Australian visa?
Calgary to Manila, and layover in Japan for 4 hours
Visiting GCC Countries on Kuwait visa
Am I supposed to pay for parking when the parking meter is buried under the snow (USA)?
Dual Citizen entering EU with foreign passport
Can I use a Schengen multiple-entry business visa for tourism?
Travelling from US to Paris via UK, can I avoid checking bags all the way through to Paris?
When South Africa&#39;s new regulations for travel with children begin, would a certified copy of unabridged birth certificates be acceptable?
Why does the return trip of the IC Bus Antwerp-Eindhoven take almost 3 hours, whereas the outbound takes 1.15h?
Do I need a visa to transit in the Schengen area?
Is it usual for Japanese sentos to offer cheap overnight stays like their Korean counterparts (jjimjilbangs) do?
i have single entry schengen visa from belgium. please let me know can i enter paris with this visa instead going to belgium
Passport validity requirements for transit stop-overs in Doha and Dubai
Shower at Heathrow during Layover in Terminal 5
Rent a car in United States (Las Vegas) paying cash
Esta return, can I reset the &quot;clock&quot; by visiting the Bahamas?
Difference between Schengen Tourist and Business Visa
How many laptops a visitor can take out of US to Dubai on Emirates Flight
Sierra Leone: risk of sharks?
Are there any standard clothing restrictions when visiting mosques?
Japanese train etiquette: Is it acceptable to take a baby in the Shinkansen Green Car?
Travelling in Taiwan during Chinese New Year? Good or no good?
Two passports entering Schengen?
&quot;Romantic Road&quot; Japan, including rental car and trains
Do US-&gt;Canada train tickets qualify for ESTA?
How do eVisas increase tourism by 400%?
Returning to UK on the same Business visitor visa
Indian visa registration requirements - stay duration or visa duration?
What is the purpose of numbers on some UK street name signs?
Staying in Manhattan, wanting a hire/rental car for afterwards, how to work out my best place to collect it from?
Driving a rental car from east to west coast of the USA as a visitor
How can I apply Disney Reward points toward a vacation that is several years out?
International travel with pets with transfer - paperwork for third country?
Is there a &#39;minimum daily spend&#39; in Bhutan, and does it vary on citizenship?
Type D student visa in Spain: valid date and duration of stay
Tourist Visa to Israel for Indian Students studying in the US
Do Estonians prefer English to Finnish?
Got Refused Entry to Thailand
Is Jat Airways reliable?
Will a UK ban affect other visa applications?
Bus from Monteverde to Liberia, Costa Rica
My last name is not the same on ticket as on passport; rest of details are same
Buying plane tickets offline in Nepal
Maeklong Railway Timetable
Will doodling on my passport make it invalid?
Visiting the Ngong Ping 360 cable car on an evening layover in Hong Kong International Airport?
What are the exact reasons why one cannot take a bottle of water on the plane?
Is there a month when everyone goes on holidays in Balkans?
What is typical buy/sell spread in cash exchange booths for EUR, USD in Serbia?
ATM commission for cards from other banks in Serbia?
What foreign language is the most common in Serbia?
Lost/missing half a UK rail ticket (advanced purchase), can I get it reprinted?
Is it easy to reach the Prague airport at night?
How safe is public transport in San Francisco for a female travelling alone?
Catalan or Spanish in Barcelona?
How widely spoken is English in New Caledonia (Nouvelle-Cal&#233;donie)?
Multi-city and multi-mode price comparison?
Japan transit visa for a Filipino who has just acquired Canadian citizenship but has no Canadian passport
Visiting Bosnia-Herzegovina during Ramadan
Do I need Health Insurance to Qualify for a US Visitor&#39;s Visa?
Can I travel to Romania with schengen visa issued by the embassy of The Netherlands and staying for a longer period in Romania than in Amsterdam?
Is Two hours of transit at Atlanta airport enough to catch the other flight?
Do I need UK visa to enter London from Cork, Ireland?
JFK outbound International connection time (separate tickets and terminals)
Where to buy a hydration pack / reservoir / bladder / camel bag in Phnom Penh, Cambodia?
Can I apply for a UK or any EU country visa after removal?
Schengen visa for UK Banned
UK tourist visa?
Is there a directory or website indexing smaller travel guides?
I have a flight from St.Petersburg, Russia to Atlanta, GA with a 7 hours layover in Paris
Tipping in shared ride vans
Cooking my own meals in Fajardo Puerto Rico
Late Night Ground Transportation from El Calafate to Puerto Natales / Torres del Paine
Can I walk out of Chicago Midway Airport (MDW)?
How to report hotel booking fraud?
How to get from O&#39;Hare to Midway (with family in tow)?
Transportation and cost to get to Tay Ninh from Ho Chi Minh City?
Crossing border from Phnom Penh, Cambodia to Tay Ninh, Vietnam
Distance and hours between Phnom Penh and Tay Ninh
The rate is for 2 guests when making online hotel reservations
Are American Express credit cards widely accepted in Japan, specifically, Osaka?
Schengen visa refusal from German embassy
Why aren&#39;t micro Swiss Army multitools allowed on the plane but small scissors are allowed?
Boat from Phnom Penh to Siem Reap in April
Where can I try Chitty cuisine in Malacca?
How flexible are around the world tickets regarding flight dates?
Offensive Tattoo (Thai)?
Where is the historical center of Tlalpan?
Patagonia by bike: where to find accommodations info?
Best way to leave EU with expired visa
Exchange old Samoan currency outside of Samoa
Applying for an Irish visa after a refusal
Websites for finding travel friends (with most members)?
Schengen visa transit in other Schengen country
Does the UK have any constraint on work permit for previous Chinese work permit holders?
May I wwoof or exchange work for a bed in a hostel in Costa Rica as a tourist?
Long (14-hour) layover in Beijing on a Sunday, will I be able to do some shopping/tourism?
Travelling to Kenya, Nairobi - Safety concerns
How can I tell if a visa agent is trustworthy?
2 different passports with different surnames
90-day USA visitor visa expires in five days. Can I go to Canada and renew my 90 days?
Travelling to Bend, Oregon from Portland in winter
Transferring from T3 to T2 in Dubai
Documents required for B2 at airport
Leaving USA to Central America and coming back to reset a 90 day VWP? Part 2
Leaving the USA after the visa waiver expired?
Travel Portable Battery
Sightseeing during a 8h stopover in Beijing
Where I can make chocolates in Switzerland
Are the terms &quot;visa denial&quot;, &quot;visa refusal&quot;, and &quot;visa rejection&quot; used in the same standardized way in countries that use English?
Converting Older United States Dollar Bills
Do additional guest need to be present for hotel check in
Modifying online flights to include stopovers
Transit Visa in Frankfurt for Filipino
Can I use a power adapter designed for USA in Japan?
Online hiking map for Alps
Can I pack a razor in a carry-on on planes leaving Toronto Pearson airport?
Flight search tool for multiple travelers from different cities to a single destination city
Where can I get information on freighter travel?
Cheapest Way to South/Central America from Australia
Two passports from the same country and ESTAs for travel to the USA?
How to transfer from JFK to Newark using public transportation?
How can I decide if should I get travel insurance on my trip to Osaka?
How can I check when I can (statistically) fly to given locations most cheaply?
With FlightHub, How many days in advance should I book a ticket?
Can I get Diamox over the counter in Nairobi?
Historical airfare prices to understand which month has the lowest airfare
Additional cabin handbag on flights
How safe the neighborhood around the Leonardo Hotel in east Jerusalem?
How much does it cost for a visitor visa to Saudi Arabia?
How can I get from La Paz, Bolivia to Puno, Peru?
Walk from San Sebastian to Picos de Europa in 3 days with some hitch-hiking?
Need to understand why my Schengen visa was refused
Study or business visa for a paid internship in The Netherlands?
Is there a site with all airlines carry-on restrictions?
Skipping second leg when transferring in Vienna
Where is the &quot;Office for Foreign Aliens&quot; in Siem Reap, Cambodia?
Do Chinese citizens require a visa to go to Hong Kong for less than 7 days?
Indian railway e ticket queries
What does the acronym &quot;ECO&quot; mean in discussions of visas?
Is it safe to arrive at Amboseli National Park (Kenya) at night?
Finland Visa application refused - long term impact?
UK tourism visa refused twice - if refused again should my friend appeal?
Schengen visa refused
How to appeal a refused Schengen visa?
Understanding the reasons for a Schengen visa refusal
My ESTA approval if I have previously had a B1 refusal
ESTA approved on the same day as B-1/B-2 visa refused
UK visa refused, now I want to reapply but didn&#39;t mention my family last time - what to do?
UK Family Visa Refused, how long till I reapply?
UK General visitor visa refusal!
Visa refused after ESTA approval
Re-applying a refused visa application
Why is there such a huge difference in refusal rates on Schengen Visa between countries?
Will getting refused on a Diversity Visa application complicate my future entries to the United States?
Schengen visitor visa refused by Greece, how to appeal?
I am applying for a Tier 5 Youth Mobility visa, but have been refused a visa/overstayed in the Czech Republic/Schengen zone
Schengen visa to study in Germany refused
Applying for a long-stay visa after having a Schengen visa refused
Remedy for tourist visa refused twice
U.K. visa refused: will this be any problem for U.S. visa?
Kenyan citizen refused Schengen visa from Sweden
UK visa decision advice?
UK general visitor visa refused for funds evidence?
Schengen visa refusal
Schengen visa refusal for visitor visa - possible resolution?
Schengen Visa refusal twice - appeal process?
reapplying for tourist visa to UK after refusal
UK visa refusal
Why my U.S. B1 Visa got refused under 214 (b)?
UK DATV refusal
German Visa Refusal
Refused a Schengen visa
Overstayed Student Visa for 2 years in Canada, almost 8years ago
Refund of the application fee (UK Family Visa)
Reapply or appeal UK visa
Least Strict Schengen Visa Application? - France or Italy
DOT complaint for non US citizen
What time is used on board a cruise ship?
Should I tip Airbnb host in U.S.?
What exactly does &quot;nights&quot; means when you book? Is it number of night you are going to sleep, or simply days you are going to stay?
How can I do an online broad search for cruise trips?
Longest distance ordinary road sign?
Museo del Calzado in Mexico City: Still in business?
Online seat reservations with a JR-Pass
Is Nogi&#39;s house original or rebuilt?
Bumping into people on the street in the UK
How to prepare financial documents while applying for a Polish National Visa?
Is a passport required to purchase a plane ticket in India?
Traveling internationally with one-way airline tickets
Can I visit the UK in the final week of my visa?
Is there a comprehensive list of Magna Cartas and their locations?
Do I need to apply for a new ESTA when flying from a different airline?
Are there other sites such as Rome2Rio?
What time do air conditioned buses run from Colombo to Anuradhapura?
Is there a standardised way to refer to a specific terminal within an airport?
12 hour stopover in Istanbul (Atat&#252;rk)
Is it feasible to buy a small boat in Leticia and travel down the Amazon?
App or website to calculate change in Cambodian riel and US dollars
Website to arrange rides with trucks
How does one not get hassled for duties/taxes for items that aren&#39;t new but look new?
Where can I take a shower at Dubai Airport?
Walking across Australia?
Bus times from Anuradhapura to Kandy?
How to &quot;acquire the right&quot; to travel within the Schengen states while on &quot;Long term French visa&quot;
Driving in Guatemala on a US license - must you carry your passport as well?
Travel Insurance for when you are not returning to your country of departure
Travelling to UK as a dual-national, when your British Passport has expired?
Holder of a Palestinian refugee travel document issued by Syria - traveling to Amsterdam
Car rental without a credit card in Italy?
Does anyone have experience taking a kombi from Johannesburg to Mbabane?
I am Non EU citizen working in Germany, can I travel to UK without visa?
What is the most campsite-dense route between Belgium and the Tatras?
How can I extend my Business Schengen visa?
Where to find dacquoise in Paris?
Passport blank page requirements for Kurdistan
Travel from Arabba Ski Region to Venice
Misunderstood body language in Middle East?
Can I leave India and return using a different passport? (Tourist Visa)
Arriving in Vietnam right in the middle of Tết - will all accommodation be full (or inflated prices)?
British visa validity
Can a normal backpacker obtain a multiple-entry Chinese visa while on the road?
How does the weather compare between Bali and Vietnam in April?
Travel to Tarragona from Barcelona Airport (BCN)
Which is safer in the event of a crash - forward-facing or rear-facing train seats?
Are there any power outlets and Wi-Fi hotspots on the Zurich-Milan train?
Is it culturally acceptable for an American to visit the memorials in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Short-term visit to USA as an Indian Citizen - which visa to get?
Food imports and exports from Turkey
Is a layover of 2 hrs enough to catch a flight from Nassau to Staniel Cay (arriving from US)?
Winter tyres in France, Germany, and Switzerland
UK PLAB Visa Refusal
Applying for a Schengen visa early because of another trip
Visa refusal. Should I reapply or appeal?
Places to ski in Ireland (or UK)
Where are the Himalayan Buddhist stupas?
Is any Southeast Asian country easier for obtaining a visa for China?
Will having used one previous double-entry visa for China make me eligible for a multiple entry visa now?
What does it mean to be in the fast lane in California?
Are holiday working visas separate for each country?
Security in Poland, Warsaw
renting an apartment in Poland, Warsaw
Mobile networks in Poland
Can I visit India for 2 months with an extension on I-94 and an expired L1B visa?
Renting an appartment in Poland using &#39;biuro&#39;
Booking flight tickets together or in separate parts?
Safety in Warsaw Poland
What are seats 69H/K like on 777-300ER on Philipines Airlines?
I&#39;m travel from Kenya to Amsterdam to Athens is that need a transit visa? Or any kind of visa I&#39;m a permanent resident of Greece
Small historical stone bridge in the North of Seoul
How many days a year is a U.S. citizen allowed to stay in Morocco?
Booking Roomettes on Amtrak
BB in thumb and first flight ahead
Philippine passport holder, Pass holder in Singapore (work), applying for a Japan tourist visa, but Port of Origin is Philippines
Petrol prices in New Zealand
Affordable Taxi Service from BUF Airport to Niagara Falls on Canadian side
Is it rude to talk on a mobile phone for the whole journey, when travelling alone in a London black taxi?
Reapplying for a Schengen visa
Is 2 hours transit time in SFO enough for a NZ-citizen flying Kelowna,BC - SFO - Auckland?
Venice (Treviso) to Ljubljana
When will the Gramercy be imploded?
Dual citizen US/Ireland need healthcare in EU
Lufthansa connecting flight to India at Munich 40 mts in between will I be able to make it? (Travelling light-only carry on)
Chinatown in Seoul
Where is the night market in Ayutthaya (Hua Raw area)?
Low-cost airlines to Azerbaijan?
Can one tour a cruise ship in Sydney?
Where to get free WiFi access at JFK, landside and airside?
€5 coin not accepted
What is the fastest theoretical route for the London &quot;Tube Challenge&quot;?
Air Canada - Unintentional &quot;Hidden City Ticketing&quot;
Is it possible to deduce the London Underground line based solely on the set number at the front of a train?
How is TfL underground &#39;capping&#39; calculated if I pay for multiple people&#39;s tickets?
Is it currently possible to travel directly between the different parts of &quot;Kurdistan&quot; which lie within different countries?
On arrival visa at Doha for Philippine citizen, currently holding UAE visa as Technical Adviser
Cell phones in Japan
Transit visa at Frankfurt international airport
Tibet: visas requirements in 2015
Do I have to pay import duties on items replaced overseas by travel insurance?
How much is a bus from Buenos Aires to Rio de Janeiro?
Are all attractions in Brussels/Bruges closed on May 1st holiday?
Do Ireland and Scotland still accept magnetic strip Visa or Mastercard credit cards?
New York park along an old elevated railway?
Why must the name on my passport match the booking details?
In which European countries do I have to have a country indicator on my car?
Is there any possibility to ride on a freighter from Romania to South Korea?
Which shopping districts are in Stockholm, Copenhagen or Oslo?
Is there any accurate map for the Silk Route and is it still practicable?
Can you safely travel the silk route?
Syrian Citizen : USA transit Visa?
Is there any reason not to do laundry with bar soap?
Get to El Calafate from the end of the W-Trek (Torres del Paine)
Are there any ATM&#39;s in Toronto where you can withdraw more than $400?
Do clubs in Hong Kong have any particular dress code?
Are women required to wear skirts to get into some tourist sites?
Vantage point in Austin, Texas for photos?
Celebrating the same new year several times over?
LDW / LIS for US car rental booked in UK
Where is a hipster/&quot;bobo&quot; neighborhood in Amsterdam?
What is appropriate attire for women in Muslim countries?
Transatlantic cruises allowing casual dressing?
What to wear to a casino in Las Vegas?
Do any temples or palaces in Japan have a dress code?
What is the proper dress code for a one Michelin star restaurant in Paris?
Is there a dress code when visiting the Vatican in Rome?
How to remove airlines/security tag stickers from suitcases?
Australian visa with mis-matched names on two passports
Can I participate in the farming/harvesting of chocolate/cacao as a tourist anywhere in the world?
Do I have a fighting chance trying to avoid $50 charge for miles credit with United MileagePlus?
Road conditions on Eastern USA/Canada roads in Winter
Will I fit in a first class airplane seat?
Finding convents and monasteries to stay in while travelling?
Egyptian student - was refused tourist visa from UK?
What documents can I use to return to US if I don&#39;t have a passport?
Transiting through Dubai, from Terminal 3 to 2
What is the &quot;other type of visa&quot; needed travelling from India to Dublin via Heathrow?
What is the cheapest form of public transportation from Amsterdam to Northern Ireland?
Can I take soya milk into Australia in my luggage?
Which countries are covered under long-term work permit “Deutschland” visa?
US Visa in Switzerland
Transit UK London Healthrow from India on the way to Dublin?
Do I need a Visa for a Schengen train trip with stop-over in other Schengen countries?
Booking a JR Shinkansen train ticket in Seoul
Casual Khmer language classes or interchange in Siem Reap?
Fastest way to obtain a China tourism visa in Hawaii?
Transfer from Paris CDG to ORY
Is it possible to leave at connection flight in Avianca
Does Amtrak ever stop at non-Amtrak (commuter only) stations?
Public strikes in Kerala, India
Places to Visit in Seattle as a Nirvana Fan?
Is it possible to go from South Korea to Hong Kong by sea?
How can I go from Amsterdam to Paris?
Should I wear cotton or synthetics in Egypt near summer?
Elephant Park within a day trip from Bangkok
How long does it take to get from Reykjavik to Vik with a super jeep during winter?
Are non-Muslims allowed to build snowmen in Saudi Arabia and similar countries?
Can Filipino citizens get a visa upon arrival in South Korea?
Reentry possible on exisiting visa or do I require a different visa?
Is there a nudist / FKK backpacker hostel anywhere in the world?
Schengen visa extension
Finding a hotel booking site that really books the hotel (for Mumbai)
Can you enter Australia on a UK passport that expires within 6 months?
Is Dubai visa required to get luggage for an Egyptian citizen?
Bangkok Ayuttahaya by boat?
Proof of sufficient funds for Austrian Visa (Sri Lanka Citizen)
Dubai (UAE) visa requirements when staying in the airport for a French citizen?
Is leaving airport at a stop before the final destination illegal?
How much is a traveler affected by Ramadan in Indonesia?
Travel to the United Kingdom visa free for non-EU family member of EU Citizen
Schengen travel insurance for 3 entries
Airbnb-like sites for long term stay
What are some general guidelines for sending a good request on Couchsurfing?
What is the cheapest available freighter voyage anywhere?
Business travel to Canada
How to get Saudi Arabian transit visa for road travel?
How early should I contact potential hosts for couchsurfing?
Will the Japan Indonesia friendship Festival 2014 be held despite dengue outbreak?
How strict are the airlines if one&#39;s bag is only 2cm bigger than the rule?
Location for completion of Kurdistan short-term residency requirements
Form for blood test in connection with Kurdistan residency requirement
Can I choose in which page of my passport is a visa going to be stamped?
What line does a Green Card holder take at the US immigration at the airport?
Do I need to bring Turkish Lira (cash) for a layover at Istanbul Atat&#252;rk airport?
Visa requirements for Macedonia for Schengen-zone Permanent Residents?
Tube delay on a cross-London rail transfer, who to claim compensation from?
Can I bring reusable hand warmers onto a plane in Europe?
How often can a U.S. passport holder exit/enter Morocco?
Exchanging japanese yens into US dollars for an upcoming trip to USA, how to get the best rate?
Procedure for traveling to the US on a green card
If you go to the pool and find all the sunbeds have towels on and you have nowhere to sit, what do you do?
Is there any way to tell if someone has been through our hotel room?
Traveling to Amish country
Places in India where no vehicles are allowed
Where to find microwave on the road in the US
Electronic road tolls (cashless) in Florida
SkyTeam &#39;round the world&#39; ticket problem or &#39;Not available in combination with the other selected flights&#39; error
Getting back to Heathrow for an early flight
How to set foot in Antarctica?
Which countries can someone from Sweden freely travel to that someone from the Netherlands can&#39;t?
Can a Japanese citizen get a visa for Iran at the border from Pakistan?
Where is &quot;Rue des Tourterelles&quot; in Mauritius?
Why do airlines gate check bags when there is still overhead space?
Which Shanghai airport is convenient for city center? Hongqiao or Pudong?
Cellular internet coverage in Mauritius
Determine gate for departing Heathrow flight
Are you likely to be asked for medical travel insurance when visiting Israel as a Russian citizen?
How to avoid letting a rental business hold my passport in Thailand?
Is it recommended to get vaccinations before visiting India?
Cape Verde: any safety alerts regarding hasslers, con men, thieves or muggers specific to this region?
Are there any mosques in Liechtenstein?
Are all sold foods in USA hygienic?
Is a male guardian required for women skiing in Iran?
Where should I change Swiss Francs to USD to get the best exchange rate?
Can I see which seats are available on a British Airways flight before I book?
Do people use a colour photo or black/white for the Navigo Decouverte metro pass?
Can Westerners use the free Wi-Fi at Guangzhou international airport?
Does a Macedonian need a visa to visit the UK if she has a 5 year resident visa in the EU?
Do F-1 students need a visa to visit Paris and Amsterdam during layovers?
Why is there a street with a date as a name in Belgium?
should we need to return to own country before visa expires?
What happens if my middle name is my last name on my airline ticket?
Tipping in Europe when paying by credit card?
I need to book a round-trip ticket and a one-way ticket on the same flight?
Does a Vietnamese student need a visa for a vacation to America?
Why do trucks pass each other on the highway?
How much electronics and other valuables can I bring duty-free when going to India?
Is it possible to use US/UK agents (sites or people) for flights to and from third party countries?
Mexican visa requirements for US citizens
Should I give my Japanese host omiyage/gift when meeting them first or when I&#39;m leaving?
How officious is Etihad airlines at checking passengers return or onward tickets?
College Student and travel Visas
Is there an easy way to calculate the total cost of tolls for a trip within the United States?
Is there an automated way to find tolls on a given US/Canadian driving route?
I got B1/B2 US visa, do I still have to come back home within 6 months?
Am I expected to tip wait staff in Europe?
ARP or LBO in Norway with Telenor
Schengen Visa from UK for an Indian working in UK on Tier2 ICT visa
I have an Austria permanent resident card for alien. Do I need a transit visa in London?
Am I supposed to respect traffic signs that are upside down (in the USA)?
Passport validity required to enter UK and Schengen countries for Indians with valid visas
In which places in China can travellers not stay at just any random local hotel?
what is required for me if i want to travel to usa on b1/b2 visa as tourist
Cape Verde: accommodation to expect?
Where can I find air-fare predictions?
Travel Macau and back to China with single-entry Chinese visa
How early should you get to the airport in the US?
Dual citizen living in the US: What can I do to avoid using the US passport when applying for a Chinese visa?
Train schedules from Guangzhou, China to Shenzhen, China
Are there companies in China that offer personal tour guide services?
How to book a train ticket from Beijing to Shanghai as a foreigner?
Macau: Using Hong Kong dollars (HKD) instead of Macanese Patacas (MOP)
Restaurant rating information in China
Where can I find the official Shenzen Special Economic Zone Tourism Visa details?
Passport validity requirements for a EU resident (but not a EU citizen) to travel within Schengen
What publicly accessible tall buildings are good for views &amp; photography in South Los angeles
Do Chinese customs agents check the contents of Kindles and notebooks?
Booking class - China Airlines
Contiki Alternative?
Lounge in Doha?
Can I travel in Croatia using only Euro?
Will my checked luggage freeze in the airplane?
From Haneda airport to Narita with same airlines
How do I minimize total cost of separate flights to the same destination plus optionally accommodation?
How can I extend my stay within the Schengen area -- apply for a second visa?
Airline pricing website with multiple destinations
What to do around Amsterdam Airport Schiphol during evening time?
Travelling to Schengen countries frequently
How can one visit an isolated island?
Forgotten Oyster card in London
What is the safest way to travel from Hunza (North Pakistan) to Kashgar (West China)?
How to access the internet during a road trip in the USA?
Would it be necessary to have UK visa?
Sri Lanka: visa requirements and possibility of visa on arrival at airport?
How to get a combined ticket in IRCTC (Indian Railway)
Which is the cheapest way to get to Vietnam from Europe in summer?
Currencies in Laos
Is it OK to eat turtles in Cambodia?
How many types of Pound Sterling are there and what is the relationship between them?
Is it still possible to obtain a visa on arrival at the Armenian border or must I now have an E-visa?
Sustainable hunting in South-East Asia
Will Armenia and Azerbaijan permit a tourist to enter if they have the other country&#39;s stamp in their passport?
Camping near a beach, not far from Tokyo
Visa-friendly country for an international conference?
Ear protection on long flights?
Driving from Tahsis to Zeballos (Vancouver Island)
Single name repeated as first name and last name on Schengen visa
Visa requirements for Filipino traveling to Costa Rica via South Korea and USA
A Canadian flying from Spain to Canada through London. Do I go through customs in London?
Is there still any franc/ariary confusion risk in Madagascar?
Tourist visa for Portugal involving sponsorship from a Portuguese friend?
Is it legal to bring Jam&#243;n Ib&#233;rico from Spain into the United States?
How can I renew my 30-day permit to stay in Singapore?
Can a Thai national married to a UK citizen enter the UK freely?
What facilities are there in the Thalys Lounge at Brussels Midi station?
Do I need a visa for 1 week holiday in Istanbul, from Netherlands?
What is the safest way to travel from Tehran to North-Pakistan?
How to book a free rebooking flight in a multi flight segment with Lufthansa?
Pricing and booking mixed-class fares, with economy &amp; premium economy combined?
Is it possible to stay in Laos for one year with tourist visas only?
Can the gasoline in Mexico or Central America mess up a US-made car?
Traveling to USA with Taiwanese wife for two week vacation
Can I expect problems flying to the Netherlands with a damaged Albanian passport?
Extended stay visa for Germany
Can I change my signature in the new passport?
Is it possible to buy a travel curtain for hostels/trains?
How to leave Hong Kong International Airport by foot
Can my husband pick up the luggage in Gatwick and check it in on next flight if I stay in transit?
Free WiFi in Tokyo metro
Fast public transport from Kusatsu to Jigokudani Monkey Park during winter?
Will local contact numbers for travel insurance during a US visit simplify the process of visiting a doctor/hospital?
Can one apply for many visas at the same time?
Do you need driving license when renting scooter in Malaysia/Thailand?
Can I fly domestically in the US using my university ID?
Applying for a Russian Tourist Visa in Sweden as an Indian Citizen?
List of countries an Indian can visit without applying for visa
Vegetarian food in Cala Mayor Beach, Spain
Is the Iran banking system cut off even from its neighbouring countries on good terms with it?
Are Australian passports expensive in comparison to other western / developed countries?
How easy/hard is it to backpack to Taiwan knowing only English?
Is it possible to travel around the world using JUST Low-cost carriers?
Are there LPG gas stations for cars travelling between Sydney and Melbourne?
Schengen visa application with no job
How much money do I need to show as proof of support when applying for a UK tourist visa?
Are security rules different at European airports?
Safe to use binoculars in Dubai?
What is the earliest before a scheduled departure that you can get through a TSA checkpoint in a US airport?
Airplane ticket booked under my middle name
Will I save much time by using the US preclearance facilities in Canada/Ireland rather than flying direct?
How do oil prices impact flight prices?
Cape Verde: visa requirements and possibility of visa on arrival at airport?
When is the peak travel time during Chinese New Year?
Will a short holiday to Canada affect my Canadian Working Holiday Visa?
Is 1.5 hours of a layover time in Dubai practical?
As of Jan 2015, does one have to take their shoes off at Toronto Pearson airport&#39;s security checkpoints?
Using a Schengen visa from the Spanish embassy in Greece?
Booking tours from Sorrento for Pompeii et al
What does the (+1) mean in flight search engines?
Checking in a new bag during a layover
Can I hike Iceland on my own?
How can I see the Berlin Wall?
Train Journey into Croatia from Italy
Visiting Lake Kawaguchiko, how to get there?
Behind the scenes tours in Z&#252;rich
Australians flying to Cuba from the USA
How can you know if an airport has a decent shopping area after security?
Tipping for pre-paid shuttle service in the US?
Entering Schengen area twice within 90 days
Are battery packs allowed in hand luggage?
Travelling within the US as a foreign citizen without a passport
Do I need Canadian Visa for transit
Importing Silver into the US - what duty will I pay?
Is it possible to buy a computer monitor and HRM watch in Colombo, Sri Lanka duty-free airport shops?
flying inside the USA
Buying tech merchandising in New York
How to plan celebrating carnaval in Rio?
Is it important to wear a necklace with medical history for people with medical conditions while traveling?
1.5 hour layover long enough?
Passport expiry for entry into US
I am in Israel after 90 days without a visa, can I get in trouble for this?
Two pieces of luggage allowed, but only one (overloaded) luggage
Legal documents and formalities required to sail far out to sea/ocean?
Medical coverage travelling to place of birth
What kind of plug adapter should I use when traveling in Indonesia?
Where to find clear sky In South Korea for viewing stars?
Schengen visa requirements
Maximum cash allowed when travelling to the US
Economical mobile data for US and Canada
What rights do you have in China to appeal stuff being taken off you in transit?
Who pays for the return ticket when a country refuses entry?
Is it against regulations to pack my laptop battery on its own in my checked luggage?
Protecting ears from cold
Where can I get an export certificate of customs in India?
Can I book a flight a month before, at the airport?
International arriving Chicago ORD to domestic, two different airlines how do I recheck bags?
Canadian visiting US to look for work
How do I get from France to Austria?
Bringing electronics to India?
How do non-English speakers navigate through international airports (specific question about Amsterdam)
As of January 2015, are Phukets beaches that have been &quot;cleaned up&quot; by the government still clean?
Is there a list of words or themes that will get you thrown off a plane in the US?
Airline and Travel Agent disagree on baggage allowance, who do I need to resolve it with?
Why do people on airplanes often have tomato juice as a drink?
What cities are close to Zurich that have great history around WWII?
International travel with ORIF, a surgical procedure which puts metal plates to join bones in limbs
Tourist visa for Suriname for an Indian Citizen?
Languages in Bulgaria?
How safe are Patzcuaro and Paracho in Michoacan, Mexico?
Cellular Data Options in Trinidad and Tobago
Can the US still be entered on a tourist visa after permanent resident status is denied/expired?
Do I need UK Transit or Visitor Visa – staying 2 days in London while traveling from India to USA
B1/B2 visa validity after getting F1
Does AirCanada provide long layover (24+ hr) accommodation?
Do tickets in coach typically get sold in the order of lowest/cheapest fare code first?
How difficult is train travel in Italy?
ESTA State/Province/Region required but there is no sensible answer
Language problems at the airport?
What is the deepest accessible point on earth?
Do I need visa for UK visit if I have a work permit for Ireland?
Car hire - do they have a &quot;fair usage policy&quot; for miles/kms driven?
Canada&#39;s Transit Visa - Do I need to send off my passport?
Laos visa extension / overstaying three-level pricing details forgotten
Are U.S. Citizens prohibited from travel to Crimea?
Best option to get cheap flights for flying Vancouver to Geneva return 10 to 15 times
Do I need a Transit VISA for staying at Heathrow airport only for 2 hours
Why do airlines now charge for flying standby in the US?
Do I require a Transit Visa
Canadian Expedia refund possibility for missed hotel
What&#39;s the cheapest way to call China from the US with an AT&amp;T cell phone?
US Green Card Holder but Indian Passport, Studying in Spain with Multi-entry Schengen Visa - UK/Ireland Visit?
Canadian citizen with British passport visiting USA
French citizen with Canadian residency to go to the US for the day
Japanese style or themed accommodation in Melbourne
Is it technically illegal for US citizens to visit Cuba?
Is there a liability limit for a carry-on bag that was forcibly checked plane-side?
Is a supplement ticket required for international travel with Railjet to Austria?
Entering the US on a tourist visa after expiration of E3D
Number of days stay in Schengen countries
Refund value estimation for one leg of the return journey
Visiting CERN in Switzerland
Is this back to back ticketing or throwaway ticketing?
Prepaid SIM card for internet use in France, Netherlands and Hungary?
Cosmetic/Dental Surgery in Thailand - Resources?
Outstanding medical bills - will this prevent entry into the US?
Travelling with 2 passports (different spelling)
Stand-By Flights, Regardless of Destination?
Flying stand by from US to Europe -- is it still worth it, and if so, how to do it?
How do you fly on standby without a ticket/boarding pass?
Do you have to use a body scanner in TSA Pre Check lines?
Travel insurance for elderly visitor from Georgia to UK
Airport transit visa for Lisbon
Did Finland&#39;s border authorities make a mistake?
Is it safe and legal to sleep in my car in California (L.A. area)?
Can I pre-purchase more luggage allowance on Qatar Airways flights?
I have multiple Schengen visa from Italy, can I transit in Holland for 2 hours before going to Italy?
Getting passport stamps inside Schengen Area
Where should I stay in Lisbon?
Extra bag with Qatar Airways - Can i pay for an extra bag?
Do I need to buy return ticket when travelling on a long-stay visa?
Staying a night at Ercan international airport
Can I plug French electronics into Russian sockets without an adaptor?
Is it possible to fly near/over Mount Everest?
Is it possible to travel to Israel if it&#39;s not recognised by your passport&#39;s country?
Can you travel &#39;above&#39; the control of a country?
Disembark flight at unplanned refuelling stop, if the stop is same as ultimate destination?
How do you prepare for crossing Borneo from coast to coast on foot?
What will it cost me to exceed the limits of amount of alcohol I&#39;m bringing back into the USA?
Visa Waiver Program Re-entry
Can I travel within the US with an expired visa?
Would the same name, different person &#39;trick&#39; actually work with international travel?
From what point could you view the most countries?
Do I need a UK transit visa when travelling in the grace period of a J1 visa?
Checked-in luggage, Last in First out, is it true?
Ways to travel from Mexico to South America over land
Where to rent a non-city bike in Amsterdam for a reasonable price?
PR of Canada travelling to Cincinnati, layover at Detroit on a B1/B2 visa
Need Schengen visa with UK work permit and indian passport
What countries have separate pricing fees for international tourists for country attractions?
UK visa: transit versus visitor question
How to check if flights landed around a specific date/time at an airport?
Book connecting flight, but only board at second airport?
Does the spouse of British national with UK permanent residence need a Schengen visa to travel to France?
Land crossing to America from Mexico with ESTA - 90 days reset?
Not using my daughter&#39;s round trip ticket
Search an MC4 Connector for Solar
Not boarding at departure city
Are there &quot;turn up and board&quot; shuttle buses from Cairns airport to the city, or do you always have to pre-book?
How can I tour Serengeti National Park by starting off in Nairobi?
India Tatkal tickets - tricks and tips
Is it safe to travel from Singapore to Batam by ferry?
How can I cheaply handle my US mail while temporarily living and working abroad in South India?
Do I have to go through customs in Houston?
Train or bus from Trieste to Ljubljana
Mobile phones and mobile internet in Italy
Can a shower hose be taken on planes worldwide without hassle?
Recommended destinations located close to Siem Reap, Cambodia
Flight booking comparison including amenity info (e.g. wifi, refreshments)
Can I go from Gatwick Airport station to London Bridge station?
Can I skip my train leg booked with a KLM flight?
South African on a charity visa in the UK. I need a Schengen visa. What would be the easiest to get the visa?
Vaccination for Nepal
Is there an IATA airport code for the Bay Area?
Enhanced Michigan driver&#39;s license for travel between Michigan and Ontario
Resort reservation: Booked for 5, 6 are staying
Can I travel to Schengen countries from country other than the country where I applied and got my visa approved.
Bus along Alaska Highway between Whitehorse and Alaska
Prepaid credit cards for use in Russia
How to rent a car for a road trip in Eastern Europe?
Does an APEC card reliably grant visa-free entry?
reenter US after using medicaid for childbirth
Map of hiking routes in the Polish Tatras?
Does Nepal have open borders with India?
On a trip from US to UK with a layover in Germany, at which point of my journey will I go through customs?
Sleeper Ticket Confirmation in Tatkal
Is the road from Delhi to Nepal Safe?
I wasn&#39;t allowed to travel internationally because of Transit Visa! Is it a legit reason for not using my tickets?
Are all parts of the &#39;Jesus trail&#39; in Israel open and safe to hike solo?
How to stay awake while waiting for a plane
Cure for departure anxiety in less developed countries?
Entering UK for leisure while holding a business visa
GSM coverage in Gasp&#233;sie, Canada
From Gatwick airport to central London by bus
What&#39;s the deal with the &quot;string people&quot; in central Paris?
Apartment in Munich
Phillipines visa 2 weeks
Is 45 mins enough in Newark airport terminal C to change the plane for connecting flight?
Travelling to India via Germany with 2 stops, do i need transit visa?
Historical airline flight data
What are my options for getting from Barranquilla (Colombia) airport into town?
Flying one way from Copenhagen or Stockholm to Houston
Airline doesn&#39;t ask me to choose flight seat when booking an online ticket
How to find the nearest location which has sunny forecast
UK Visa-Direct Airside Transit Visa. Indian National having Permesso di soggiorno in Italy
Transiting in Newark from terminal B to C
Visa for gap year in Europe
Can I leave Ireland (non Schengen) for a week to reset my 90 days
Travel-friendly organic unscented laundry soap that works well with the Scrubba Wash bag?
Northern Cyprus - way to visit and what problems can I have with Republic of Cyprus after that?
Applying UK Citizenship from Northern Cyprus
How to check a large backpack?
In Canada for 6 months, going back to US, how long until I can come back?
I have B1/B2 Visa. Can I travel for Business trip to US with this Visa?
Flying to Germany from USA as Dual Citizen, passport use?
Can I return to England from the US with a British passport only two months before expiry?
Can you earn miles with different airlines for the same one flight, if they are part of the same loyalty program?
Can I buy a mobile phone in USA and just use a SIM card in NZ?
Why is flying to England so expensive this June/July?
Does Air India provide any compensation for delayed flights?
Forgot baggage at Dubai. How to get it to Los Angeles?
Will I have problems entering the US if I&#39;m only staying a week and then leaving for an extended stay in the UK?
Does parents&#39; family name refer to mother&#39;s married name or maiden name on VWP/ESTA form?
Crossing Canadian border without a US passport?
As a married couple with different citizenship, should we pass through US immigration together or separately?
Visa for traveling to Italy
Is it possible to consolidate Virgin (Velocity) with AirNZ Airpoints?
European data SIM plan
Is there a lounge for use at Nairobi airport by departing BA passengers?
How do I prevent my head from drooping while trying to sleep on a plane?
Data connection and phone calls during visit to London
Transit through UK on way from USA to India with passport valid for 2 months and 10 days beyond the date of transit
Is there an opaque flight site?
Must I go first to the country that issued my Schengen visa, or can I go to another one first?
Visiting Moscow on Stopover
Can Schengen visa be issued 1 month before the start of its validity date?
Can I enter Norway before the date stated on visa?
How to ask drivers not to take me to the bus station when hitchhiking in Thailand?
Can e-cigarettes / vaping set off smoke detectors?
As an American -- where can I NOT go?
Travel back to India from US for good with no passport
Visa expires in May 2015, can I enter the US on January 26?
Can I use one travel converter for UK mains type G for multiple type A socketed appliances?
Transit Visa at Frankfurt
Can the day pass on the Toronto subway be swiped?
Calling within Europe
Camping along ring road in Iceland
Does one have to pay custom duties while bringing in a &#39;Fender Stratocaster American Standard&#39; guitar from USA to India for himself?
Power plug in Ireland: is it the same as in the rest of Europe?
Avoiding the second leg of an international flight - different rates for a return ticket?
Do you have to take the second leg of a domestic flight?
Portugal to USA by cargo ship?
Immigration on domestic stop-over from Puerto Rico to SF?
What do these different hotel rates mean?
What are the rates posted on hotel room doors / in the lobby for?
Can I change a hotel booking from free cancellation rates to pre-paid rates?
Do US taxi rates depend on day/night or weekday/weekend?
Is it possible to drive to Hawaii?
transit visa at Istanbul airport for Egyptian citizen?
Transportation during short visit to London
Indian seeking to visit Dubai and then Muscat... How to do it?
Can my mother meet my BF in T5 first class lounge even though she flies to/from T2 &amp; T3?
Do SAS Plus passengers have lounge access at Keflavik airport?
Can I cross the U.S. Canadian border multiple times on tourist visa?
Weather in Australia (Melbourne) summer, winter?
Can I stay in Schengen area after my visa expires if I enter while the visa is valid?
Traveling to Ireland with German National visa
Can I buy a prepaid mobile internet sim in Portugal as a tourist?
Transportation from Moutiers Salins Station to Courchevel 1650
Which electrical plugs are used in Thailand?
How to measure offshore limit for Bareboat Skipper IYT?
Can I get the Cuba tourist card from Aeroflot or at Havana?
Cheapest way of getting from Tel Aviv to Amman as an Israeli citizen?
Uk Tier 5 Youth Mobility Visa arrival dates
Will my overstay in South Africa be noticed?
Public transportation ticket in Brussels
Is China Airlines safe?
China Airlines, safe?
Renting a car in Tel Aviv as a young driver with a new license?
Reapply for Visa or Take Chance at Border?
Free camping in Uk, Belgium, Netherlands - is it legal?
Is it possible to stay in a palace in Jaipur?
Is it legal to have 2 flights in the air at the same time with the same flight #?
I-94W visa ? ESTA?
Spain Visa Extension
Help me find scientific getaways!
Does DTW have faster security for United premier access holders?
Is there a cheaper alternative to car rental insurance in Mexico?
What is an appropriate gift for an Indian wedding?
One-off Maori lesson in Auckland
Can non-residents of Iceland bring alcohol into Iceland?
US to UK visa or no visa for multiple visits
Tricky South Africa Visa Situation - study exchange
Can I use couchsurfing as as proof of accommodation for a Schengen visa?
What does a flight code identify?
Boliviana de Aviacion (BOA) tariff codes
Is it possible to fly both the Airbus 380 and the Boeing 787 in one trip?
A question about work life in Japan
How can I find a one-way car rental from Alaska to Canada?
How to find out the speed limit in the US?
Is there a website that summarizes the luggage and check-in requirements for each airplane company?
Waiting before passport control in D&#252;sseldorf airport
Is there any restrictions on driving a private car from the UK to the African Continent?
Does a layover of more than 6 hrs entitle me to accomodation by the airlines?
How to calculate the damage to a rental car?
Applying for a UK Tourist Visa from outside country of origin
Which are the cleanest ghats in Varanasi?
Changing UAE dirhams to Singapore dollars
Do I need to leave the Schengen area between two 180-day periods?
What will happen if I overstay in South Africa?
Boarding a train in India at another station
I would like to visit Israel. How can I work or visit after that in UAE?
Will a UAE stamp in my passport cause problems entering Israel?
Are there any Verizon smartphones that work in Israel?
Canadian minors travelling to Poland with grandmother. What additional documentation is required?
UK transit visa under processing; change of travel dates?
What are the possibilities of having sexual encounters during stay at a hotel?
Travelling to the UAE and Kuwait on a passport with slightly less than 6 months to go until expiry
From what point could you view the most US states?
US road trip for UK citizen before work
Why would you wrap your luggage in plastic?
Luggage storage at El Alto La Paz airport
How does one know if a rental car takes diesel or gasoline?
Travelling to the US on B1 visa without a business purpose
What is the best alternative to work one afternoon in Brussels during a trip?
Tourist Visa B1/B2
Indian Trains Wait List - will I get a seat?
Canadian visa rules for flight connections
Missed ground connection
Indian restaurant in Montevideo
Travelling to Iran as a German
Learn to sail in Sydney?
Is 50 minutes of transit time ample in Amsterdam airport?
Do I need a visa to enter the US as a UK citizen in transit?
Can I carry a bike on the bus to the airport in Rotterdam?
Yosemite and Lake Tahoe Road Trip Assistance
Are 2.5 hours enough for a layover in Rio?
If I have Schengen visa, can I enter Schengen area from different country?
Apartments in Jakarta, Indonesia
UK transit visa required post December 2014 changes in visa rules?
Why do the 2 rail gauges run together between Hendaye and Irun?
In Malaysia, how should I deal with taxi drivers wanting to go off-meter?
Need to disembark from train one station past what&#39;s shown on the ticket in India
What area is considered to be Marseille&#39;s city centre?
Landed briefly in London for 9 hrs, can I return to the UK again without going home (Australia) first?
Transiting through Brussels
Does Air Canada transfer bags to partner airline on same round trip ticket?
Where can I go shark diving in the Mediterranean sea?
Is Berlin experiencing a decrease in public activity during summer time (July and August)?
Tourists visa refusal
Should I travel to Morocco alone as a young female?
Do I need to show/fill-out any special documents for Philippine Air if traveling to China for 72-hour Transit Visa?
Where can I buy the German environmental badge while driving to my destination in Germany?
Travelling from Auckland to Ho Chi Minh City with Jetstar
Best connection Tokyo - Kyoto
What do I need to know when renting a car at SFO airport?
How do I know if my Australia ETA is approved?
Carry on bag packing advice
Bringing home-dried vegetables into the USA
What happens if my luggage goes over the weight limit?
From what point on the earth&#39;s surface could you view the most UK counties?
Are traveler cheques still used when traveling to California, US
US green card holder, do I need a transit visa in Japan
What kind of plugs can I expect on transatlantic cruise ships?
Are there (cheap) boat trips / water taxis / water buses across the Corniche bay in Doha?
Tactics to avoid getting harassed by corrupt police?
How to avoid claustrophobia on a plane?
Driving from Nice city (France) to Nice airport are there gas stations that are open early morning?
I have a 16 hour layover in Heathrow London
What does a person with waiver visa need to fly within USA
Can I reenter the U.S. from Canada with no passport as a US citizen?
Requirement for applying a Schengen Visa if I&#39;m on my husband&#39;s visa in Dubai
Visit Canada while travelling to USA from Pakistan?
Layover in Sydney on NZ Passport - can I leave the airport?
What travel card / pass to use in Sydney, Australia?
ESTA and passport validity period - potential problems?
After adding another bag to a Virgin Australia booking, should you get some sort of e-receipt?
Can I use my Go Card on Sunbus services in Cairns?
Does it make more sense to drive or fly from Orlando to NYC?
Can I bring compressed air cans in the airport?
Are there low-cost airlines operating from Europe to Dominican Republic?
Hotel booking cancellation using debit card with insufficient funds
I have 2 weeks in Thailand; should I visit the north too or just explore Bangkok and then head south?
Do I need a visa for Paris, if my connecting flight stops for 24 hours in Paris?
Could one find and hire a guide for Santo Domingo (Dominican Republic) for a day?
Why do some ferries (like Liverpool to Dublin) only allow passengers with a vehicle?
Choosing a car for travel with kids in Florida USA
Apply for a new visa when I still have a valid C visa but not enough days of stay?
Cheapest way to get from Athens to Hydra by ferry
Switzerland&#39;s Customs: Will they accept items from TCM (Chinese Medicine)?
What&#39;s a better way to find flights when cost is important and schedule is not?
Do I need a transit visa if I have 9 hours of layover at Delhi airport?
Cruise lines and targeted demographics
What would happen if you miss the bag drop-off deadline and it&#39;s kind of the airline&#39;s fault for bad ground service?
How to choose a foreigner-friendly bar in Shinjuku Golden Gai
Insurance for travel to the USA while pregnant
Muslim Restaurants in Seoul South Korea
How can you detect that a WikiVoyage page is out of date?
Why are USA to Europe round-trip airfares more expensive than Europe to USA round-trip airfares?
Can I refuse to pay auto-gratuity in a restaurant?
Where to find good mead in San Francisco
Why confiscate gels not in ziplock bags after screening?
Money Exchange (CHF to USD) in Switzerland, Canada or in the USA?
How to find Dive Center reviews &amp; recommendations in Spain / Europe / Egypt
How to contribute British Airways air miles to Qatar Airways without having first flown Qatar?
Arrive Newark on United from Heathrow. Is 1 hr 45 min enough time to connect to United flight to PDX?
Does Icelandair Saga Class have access to Fast Track at Stockholm Arlanda airport?
Can I use the Blue &quot;Arrivals from EU&quot; queue on arrival in the UK, if I entered another EU country on a layover?
Liveaboard on the Barrier Reef at New Years - Book now or wait to haggle?
Short sightseeing trip from JFK airport
Leave Zurich Airport during a long layover
Greyhound Canada - How do I book bus tickets online for passengers with multiple discounts?
How to choose seat with JAL when online check-in is not available?
9 months in Europe - Digital Nomad
Can I use prepaid credit card for &#39;free&#39; hotel reservation online?
Sunbathing naked in public parks in Germany
Can code shares significantly decrease flight safety?
Travelling outside of Germany on a German Working Holiday visa (Australian)
Using restroom on airplane while fasten seatbelt light is on?
Cycling England to Northern Sweden - things to consider?
taiwanese using english names
How to avoid suspicious looks when you are in the Western side of the world
Travelling from US to India through Frankfurt on H1B visa with approved extension
What happens if you bring a dangerous item to a cruiseship
Multiple visits to USA
Can I apply for and receive a US visa when residing in country other than my own?
Group travel in the train in the Netherlands, how does it work?
Non-prescription medicines in India and USA
What kind of things can you take from a hotel?
Where to pick up arriving passengers at Terminal 1, Toronto Pearson Int&#39;ll Airport?
Why is it forbidden to wear camouflage in some Caribbean Islands?
Is there a &quot;safest&quot; route through Pakistan (from China to Iran)?
Hard-case suitcase, that doesn&#39;t open at the side
How do I find travel partners for a bicycle touring trip?
How safe is traveling from Texas to Mexico by bus?
How reliable is Vodafone mobile data in NZ?
Do all American ATMs charge an extra fee for cash withdrawals on a foreign card?
Airport boarding fee in La Paz, Bolivia
Interstellar in In-Flight Entertainment
How can I get from Stansted Airport to central London cheap, at like 8 AM?
Do I need Transit visa for Germany, travelling from India to Poland via Germany with Polish D-Type National Visa?
Are candles a welcome gift in China?
Knife and fork handed back for next course; customary in France?
How do I pay UK Air Passenger Duty (APD) on my flight to the UK?
Large metal rose
Traveling from Thailand to Laos to Vietnam
How much cash per person may we bring from South Africa to Switzerland?
Negotiating with travel agents
How to get return prices for a one way ticket?
Having bought a return flight cheaper than a one-way, do I have to fly the second leg of the ticket?
Is it a sign of being gay if a male wears a white trousers in the UK?
Any travel site for medium/long distance multimodal comparison? (Train then plane etc.)
Bus search engines for Germany without place of arrival?
Shipping my car from Egypt to Europe
American ID requirements for indian domestic flights
US Visas: O and P
Which passport to use when travelling between south korea and ireland
How many night markets currently operate in Vientiane, Laos?
Are there guesthouses or cheap accommodation on the road between Vientiane and Savannakhet?
Short-term luggage storage in Alpe d&#39;Huez
I&#39;m on a train to Vienna and I forgot the documents home, what can I do now?
Is a 4x4 a must in Iceland in April/May?
Danger zones in Austin, Texas
Are there any airlines that offer nonstop flights from Ottawa or Montreal to Central America?
Amadeus GDS itinerary code - What does the code 908 17, 40 , 2 mean?
Quality travel clothesline that is easy to hook on shower stalls?
If I am banned from entering the US can I still land at an airport there, for a flight transfer?
How accurate is Google Maps for travel times?
In what states is the left lane only for passing?
Any way to find out what US Customs &amp; Border Protection has in their database on me?
One small luggage and one big on EasyJet?
Why is travel insurance recommended when there&#39;s reciprocal health care?
What is the best way to travel from IST to Istanbul?
Venice Marco Polo Airport to Venice
Two PNR, one itinerary - baggage allowance for Qatar Airways and American Airlines
How can I find out more information about bus routes in Poland?
Have UK visa but couldn&#39;t travel; can I extend my stay to the full visa length?
How to reach Reykjav&#237;k-Keflav&#237;k airport late in the evening from the Blue Lagoon?
Is it possible to have meals at Reykjav&#237;k-Keflav&#237;k airport after 11 PM?
Schengen Visa application while my UAE residence visa will expire before 3 months from the day of departure from the Schengen area
Visiting Delhi, Bangkok and China in a month?
How to update your yellow International Certificate of Vaccination or Prophylaxis (ICVP) booklet?
Correct reasons for opting out of millimetre wave scanners
Is Egypt currently safe for Americans 2014/2015?
&quot;Small camera&quot; carry-on luggage allowance
Ride-share or alternate means of getting from Dunedin to Queenstown?
Podgorica, Montenegro to Tirana, Albania by public transport
Can we get full refund on cancellation of ticket if embassy closed down?
London Bus Map app offline
What are these metallic plates found around Iceland?
Croatia, passport-free travel: as of 2014, still separate from Schengen Area?
Would it be unsafe for an American to go to Moscow right now?
Whom to contact for opting out of a Visa Interview for USA?
Long-life SIM cards in Europe
I lost my Chilean tourist card! What do I do?
No exit stamp leaving Australia
Are trains unsafe in Asia/SE Asia?
How to make up miles to reach a United Airlines elite status?
Frankfurt to Buenos Aires to Santiago de Chile, can I buy Nutella in Frankfurt Duty free and not haven taken away in Buenos Aires?
What is the best time of year to visit Reykjav&#237;k?
Top 3 to see/do in Reykjav&#237;k
Do I need a Transit Visa In Casablanca Airport?
B1/B2 visa approved for exam. Can I go for tourism as the first trip?
Can an Indian citizen on B1/B2 tourist visa in the US, apply for a schengen visa in the US?
Traveling in the USA with a Samsung Galaxy SM-G900F: how good is the AT&amp;T coverage for the 1700 and 1900 frequencies?
Is it legal to bring a Jamon Iberico from Spain into the UK, passing through France?
How can I discover what time of the year hotels will be cheapest for a given city, e.g. Tokyo?
Could I enter Canada with more alcohol than the tax-free limit and pay at the arrival?
Travel to USA on VWP then travel to Canada on IEC then re-enter USA on VWP
Flying in Mexico without a passport if you are from the US
Is a passport needed for traveling by plane in Mexico? (Non-international flight)
If I have to put up with bed bugs can I prevent bites or stop the itch?
How to find out your body weight while travelling?
Where can I buy a GPS/satnav near St Pancras or Paddington stations?
Cheap and convenient way to travel with kids around US
From Italy to Austria during winter, by car
Hand luggage on Lufthansa
Do I need a transit visa to travel to USA from India, if I already have a F1 visa?
Finding a last minute hostel in Ko Phi Phi Don (some Hostels don&#39;t have websites)
Do I need to apply for ESTA?
When, if ever, is the visitor center on Santa Cruz Island (Channel Islands National Park) open? Is there a ranger present?
How to get a Turkmen transit visa in Iran?
Best way to travel from Palenque to Mexico city by road
Any tips for parking in Nice, France to save money?
What do hotels (in the US) do to control and erradicate bed bugs? How good are they?
What are the signs of a bed bug infestation?
Do all of the Emirates in the UAE have the same visa policy for Indian citizens, or does it vary?
As an Indian citizen travelling to Portugal, should I book my plane tickets or apply for my Schengen visa first?
Does an Irish citizen need a visa for a week&#39;s tourist visit to America?
What is wrong with eating while walking in Japan? It doesn&#39;t seem to be an issue in other Asian countries
How do you know if Americans genuinely/literally mean what they say?
How to travel safely in Ciudad Ju&#225;rez, Mexico?
Can I use my UK provisional Driving Licence as a residence permit?
Find out if I&#39;m wanted in a foreign country?
transit at Amsterdam - SCHIPHOL Airport
I&#39;ve three waiting list tickets with status: WL3, WL4, WL5. Will all 3 get confirmed together?
Dubai Evisa on old passport and passport renewed
What are the exact restrictions on night time Eiffel Tower photos?
UK visitor and work visa
Is it normal/expected to tip taxi drivers in the UK?
Found a bug in my hotel room, can anyone identify?
The boys of the NYPD choir, singing Galway Bay?
Driving out of Sydney on Hume Highway (Canberra/Melbourne) before Christmas Eve
Re-enter USA from Canada with Visa Waiver Program
Transit Visa Required or not? Istanbul, Turkey
Schengen: Visa Fee (EU Spouse)
What is the process for travelling on a World Passport like?
What are the school holiday dates in South Africa
If you&#39;re speeding by 20, why&#39;s it less hassle to ticket for 10 or 15?
Why did the stewardess make me wait before disembarking?
How to join the bile-high club if there&#39;s no airsick bag?
Is there a budget accommodation in Vientiane, Laos with kitchen?
Cutting pain under eyebrow on plane landing
Can immigration/passport officers check for passed flight information of a passenger?
Do I need a transit visa at Istanbul Airport to visit the city?
Does any airline in the world allow air travel without government identification?
I entered with one passport but am trying to leave with another
Is it safe/possible for a long haired guy to visit North Korea?
International Driving Permit issued in India, is valid in US or not?
Is an Oyster card worth it for 3 days?
Can I get a refund of some (but not all) of my Oyster Pay-As-You-Go credit?
Can I hike the Fox Glacier in NZ on my own, or do I have to go with a guide?
Transiting Amsterdam with single entry Schengen visa for Norway?
Paris and Riviera - July/August 2015 By Train
Barbecuing in a public park in Athens
What documents should I take with me to the airport, if I booked my ticket online?
2 days overdue schengen visa
Quicker / cheaper way to get from Kuala Lumpur to Krabi by land transport?
Is it possible to use an all-inclusive package as a backpacking base?
Is there an &quot;on demand&quot; bike hire scheme in Oxford?
Is there a weight limit for carry-on luggage with United Airlines?
Statistics about flights arriving behind schedule?
How to travel to O&#39;Hare from Megabus bus stop beside Union Station, Chicago with luggage?
Is a written contract required/recommended for vacation housing swaps?
Can I get by using only Spanish in Oaxaca?
Tours of Taiwanese elections for English-speakers
What are the options to maintain a backup phone while travelling in the US?
Which Australian bank/account incurs lowest fees using an ATM card overseas?
What equipment is required to traverse Daisetsuzan in Hokkaido at the end of April?
How can I find the cheapest private hotel room (as opposed to a bed in a dorm) using online tools?
Where is the safest place in a train?
As an Israeli with dual EU citizenship, which passport to use to go to Jordan?
Can I visit UK with Italian stay permit?
How many iPhone 6 devices can I bring into India?
How do I rent a small bus in Buenos Aires?
What is Pension Day and Family Payment Day in Australia?
Can US citizens go to Cuba freely and vice versa after the recent diplomatic relation restoration?
Where can I swim with the dolphins in the Eastern USA?
Is there a lounge in the International side of Cairns airport?
Climbing Mount Fuji
Is a bullet train from Tokyo to Mount Fuji feasible in a 15 hour layover?
Flight diversion + visa issues
Is it possible to travel on cargo airplanes?
Which photo type I should select in a photo booth for a Schengen Visa?
Are tennis rackets allowed in airplane cabins in the US?
Most effective way to bring money to India and Nepal
How to get refund on tatkal waitlisted ticket?
Going to Amsterdam via the UK when previously denied entry to UK
Will I have to clear customs In Heathrow when traveling from US to Lisbon?
Using a B-1 Visa for training in a different state than on application
How to visit Lake Hillier?
How can I add Malaysia Flight details to my British Airways Executive club?
Checking returning flights when travelling from Mexico
With a Lille Pass Pass smart ticket, what happens if the wrong ticket type is selected by the validator?
Madagascar in Dec/Jan, how bad is the rainy season?
What to do in Haneda, Tokyo for both a night and day 13+ hour layover
Is there a metasearch engine for hostels?
Exchange student traveling in and out of the US on student visa
Leaving USA and returning while on a 6 month visa
SpiceJet flight Goa to Hyderabad cancelled but no refund
Schengen Clarification
How to carry cologne bottles in hand luggage and prevent losses?
Safest way to transport a laptop during flight
Is camera equipment and bags in general allowed on NYC Observation Decks?
Transit visa from Amsterdam with Caribbean visa
Can I integrate Airbnb listings with a routeplanner?
How can I be sure the operator treats elephants humanely before booking a trek in Khao Sok national park?
How can I cross the Atlantic by ship from Europe to New York? (I am not talking about luxury passenger cruise-ships.)
Problem with the name on international airline ticket?
How, specifically, can I travel between Taiwan and Okinawa by sea?
Temporary bank account in Ukraine for a foreign traveler?
Has anyone ever used the Mega Bus?
Is tap water drinkable in Massachusetts (and elsewhere in USA)?
Finding typical exchange rate &quot;spreads&quot; for currency A and currency B in country B?
What do high-end all-inclusive resorts in Mexico dilute spirits &amp; wine with (besides water)?
No exit stamp on leaving Schengen area from Budapest to UK
Is it safe for a commercial flight to have Iran, Afghanistan and Pakistan on its flight route?
As a French citizen, how long can I travel through Canada?
Indian Passport first page ripped - is this considered &#39;damaged&#39;?
Tax refund flying out of California?
Am I going to have trouble flying with a reversed name on the ticket?
Flight cancelled but doesn&#39;t show up on status
Appropiate way to safely transportate heavy laptop during flight?
Oman visa for a young Morrocan woman
Schengen Visa Expiration
How do I check two-days-old departure times?
Is it possible to rent a Volkswagen T1/T2 in Iceland?
Applying for German Schengen visa for several years&#39; duration
What&#39;s the drinking age in the duty free area?
Are there toilets on the long-distance Translink trains in Queensland?
Way to get Vaccines for travelling to India in New York
Are there buses from the Sunshine Coast (Coolum / Maroochydore) to Brisbane airport?
Am I allowed in the gas station shop without buying anything when waiting for my bus, in Canada?
Can you get to Mooloolaba by public transport from Brisbane, and return, to do an afternoon dive on HMAS Brisbane?
Are there any hostels in Dubai?
Why was I served an ice cold towel onboard?
When booking elsewhere, how do you know what Virgin Australia ticket type you will get?
Inexpensive eating-out food in western Europe
The most pleasant cities to stay in Ireland, other than Dublin?
Are there direct flights from Santiago, Chile to Quito, Ecuador?
Entering USA under VWP for 3 weeks and continuing to CAN for a 3-month stay?
Can you pass the customs/passport control if you are drunk?
Travelling to Japan from Korea on a UK passport
The safest, cheapest way to get to MEX airport from UNAM
Can I use my national ID card when traveling to Iceland?
Are there ways to call &quot;international&quot; toll-free phone numbers?
Tips for sleeping in a Couchette sleeping carriage?
&quot;Airport-friendly&quot; suspenders with AIT
How can I work out the price of a UK bus fare online?
How much hard cash can I carry while travelling overseas (India to Poland)
How much cash can you carry on a flight within the European Union?
Is there a legal limit to the amount of cash one can carry on domestic US flights
Are there any advantages to selecting the middle seat in an airplane?
Extended stay visa for Italy
Is there a way to check if the Balkan Mountains passes are open?
Travel in Schengen after Swedish Temporary Residence Permit has expired
I have a tattoo. Can I visit a public swimming pool in Japan?
Can I swim in Iran with my girlfriend in bikini in the Caspian Sea?
Is Florida ocean water warm enough to swim in February?
Tahiti Nui hotel swimming pool
Swimming pool options in Bologna
Where to find good cave-swimming?
Teletext Subtitles on Romanian Television
Disabled access at San Francisco international airport?
How can I avoid or minimize jet lag?
How to convince airport security that I am not dangerous when having metallic parts in my body?
Why are airlines against the transferring of tickets to other persons?
Do Russians smile at each other?
How should I deal with beggars in India?
Is it dangerous to go to the USA as a Russian now?
Is it possible to drive your own motorbike in/around Siem Reap?
Unsafe seats on a Boeing 777?
Which country could I live the longest at with only $10,000 starting cash and no income?
Are airport security and check-in times from the US applicable to Australia and New Zealand?
Is 80 minutes enough to transit from International to Domestic in SCL?
Is it possible for non US citizen tourists to get married in Las Vegas?
What are the easiest countries in the EU for getting a bank account?
Where can I exchange Georgian Lari in Dubai?
As a tourist in Doha, what are the rules on drinking alcohol in hotels?
Will Nagorno-Karabakh put my entry/exits stamps on a separate piece of paper?
OK we&#39;re all adults here, so really, how on earth should I use a squat toilet?
How do you know if Americans genuinely/literally mean what they say?
How to intentionally get denied entry to the US, without getting into trouble?
Why are airline passengers asked to lift up window shades during takeoff and landing?
How to avoid drinking vodka?
Tactics to avoid getting harassed by corrupt police?
When traveling to a country with a different currency, how should you take your money?
Flight tickets: buy two weeks before even during holiday seasons?
Why do people on airplanes often have tomato juice as a drink?
When I travel next, I want to reach the point on the earth that is exactly opposite my home, how can I discover where that is?
How do you avoid &quot;tourist traps&quot; when traveling to a country where you do not speak the language?
How to convince airport security that I am not dangerous when having metallic parts in my body?
Why would you wrap your luggage in plastic?
Why are airlines against the transferring of tickets to other persons?
How to spot fake reviews on TripAdvisor?
Does Venice smell?
How can I visit Antarctica?
How can I do a &quot;broad&quot; search for flights?
How can I avoid or minimize jet lag?
How to successfully haggle / bargain in markets
How should I deal with beggars in India?
Is it rude to give up your seat in Japan?
What&#39;s the best way to take a cold shower?
Is there a good website to plan a trip via trains in Europe?
Is it possible to make a decent income from travelling the world?
Do Russians smile at each other?
Is there a ZIP code I can enter when paying-at-the-pump in the USA with a foreign credit card?
Are there any flights which permits a Sikh to carry a kirpan?
If I&#39;ve visited Crimea, what country do I list on my customs declaration form?
Long term travel without being wealthy - how is it possible?
What kind of things can you take from a hotel?
Is it dangerous to go to the USA as a Russian now?
Why are there holes in ice cubes in airplanes?
How to use sink with separate hot/cold taps?
Are Indians as pushy to one another as they appear to be to Westerners?
Why is the food so bad on airplanes?
Does one need a visa to visit Antarctica?
What techniques, tricks or otherwise have you used to get upgrades on flights?
What is the most comfortable way to sleep on a plane?
Japanese etiquette: Most common (and offensive) mistakes?
How to prevent &quot;Delhi Belly&quot;?
How big is &quot;too big&quot; for an airline seat? At what point will you be required to buy two tickets?
If, like Edward Snowden, your passport was revoked/cancelled, how can you travel?
When walking on the road, is it safer to walk in the same or opposite direction as the traffic?
How many types of Pound Sterling are there and what is the relationship between them?
Traveling in Europe Solo - 18 years old. Feasible?
Where is wild camping possible in Europe?
What can I do to prevent passport stamps being put on blank pages?
I have a tattoo. Can I visit a public swimming pool in Japan?
Is weed still legal for tourists in Amsterdam?
Staying in the toilet during landing
Luggage was stopped by customs (we learned about it after our flight)
What section of an airplane offers the smoothest ride?
Why are you now required NOT to smile in passport photos?
What to do in Las Vegas without having to sin?
Can growing a beard cause problems in crossing borders?
Do I need to pass customs if I enter by swimming over a body of water?
Hard time proving I am same person as seen in the passport photo taken 9 years ago
When to book tickets from travel sites rather than airline sites?
Do you have to take the second leg of a domestic flight?
What is wrong with eating while walking in Japan? It doesn&#39;t seem to be an issue in other Asian countries
Is it true that people &quot;can just take all the luggage off the airport conveyer belt and leave with it.&quot;?
What are the best ways to avoid data roaming fees when travelling abroad?
Does a US immigration officer really have the power to deny entry to the country at personal will?
How do I get an engagement ring past security/customs in an airport without alerting my significant other?
Is it normal to walk around a(n American) hotel in pajamas?
Which European cities have bike rental stations for tourists?
Will I be able to travel around India speaking only English?
What&#39;s the difference between embassies and consulates?
What&#39;s the deal with the &quot;string people&quot; in central Paris?
How do you choose a restaurant when travelling?
What&#39;s the best way to signal that I&#39;d prefer to be served in English?
Is tap water drinkable in Massachusetts (and elsewhere in USA)?
€5 coin not accepted
Birth while traveling on-board an airplane
Why do airplanes at every airport disembark at the left (port) side?
Where in the world can you tour a live nuclear reactor?
What should I do after buying an airplane ticket?
What time is used on board a cruise ship?
Can I take an AVR development board on a plane?
How to avoid suspicious looks when you are in the Western side of the world
Is it safe to travel in Japan considering the nuclear situation?
If I visit Los Angeles, am I better off renting a car or not?
What are good security tactics for sleeping in airports?
Is it technically illegal for US citizens to visit Cuba?
Computer geek tourist attractions in the San Francisco Bay Area &amp; Silicon Valley?
Am I expected to tip wait staff in Europe?
What can you do about being forced to sit next to a very large passenger?
&quot;No nudity&quot; signs in changing rooms in Doha?
Is there a &#39;minimum daily spend&#39; in Bhutan, and does it vary on citizenship?
Who was this persistent person at Shanghai airport?
Why do we fasten seatbelts for turbulence?
Are international driving licences really necessary for any country?
Legalities and safety concerns of visiting prostitutes in Amsterdam
Is it fair to buy a return ticket I know I will never use just because it&#39;s cheaper?
What happens if you cannot pay for a hotel?
Why are balloons prohibited at Amsterdam Schiphol?
Am I supposed to respect traffic signs that are upside down (in the USA)?
Why does my phone&#39;s GPS not work in China?
What should I know about &quot;Around The World&quot; flights?
OK we&#39;re all adults here, so really, how on earth should I use a squat toilet?
How do you know if Americans genuinely/literally mean what they say?
How to intentionally get denied entry to the US, without getting into trouble?
Why are airline passengers asked to lift up window shades during takeoff and landing?
How to avoid drinking vodka?
Tactics to avoid getting harassed by corrupt police?
When traveling to a country with a different currency, how should you take your money?
Flight tickets: buy two weeks before even during holiday seasons?
Why do people on airplanes often have tomato juice as a drink?
When I travel next, I want to reach the point on the earth that is exactly opposite my home, how can I discover where that is?
How do you avoid &quot;tourist traps&quot; when traveling to a country where you do not speak the language?
How to convince airport security that I am not dangerous when having metallic parts in my body?
Why would you wrap your luggage in plastic?
Why are airlines against the transferring of tickets to other persons?
How to spot fake reviews on TripAdvisor?
Does Venice smell?
How can I visit Antarctica?
How can I do a &quot;broad&quot; search for flights?
How can I avoid or minimize jet lag?
How to successfully haggle / bargain in markets
How should I deal with beggars in India?
Is it rude to give up your seat in Japan?
What&#39;s the best way to take a cold shower?
Is there a good website to plan a trip via trains in Europe?
Is it possible to make a decent income from travelling the world?
Do Russians smile at each other?
Is there a ZIP code I can enter when paying-at-the-pump in the USA with a foreign credit card?
Are there any flights which permits a Sikh to carry a kirpan?
If I&#39;ve visited Crimea, what country do I list on my customs declaration form?
Long term travel without being wealthy - how is it possible?
What kind of things can you take from a hotel?
Is it dangerous to go to the USA as a Russian now?
Why are there holes in ice cubes in airplanes?
How to use sink with separate hot/cold taps?
Are Indians as pushy to one another as they appear to be to Westerners?
Why is the food so bad on airplanes?
Does one need a visa to visit Antarctica?
What techniques, tricks or otherwise have you used to get upgrades on flights?
What is the most comfortable way to sleep on a plane?
Japanese etiquette: Most common (and offensive) mistakes?
How to prevent &quot;Delhi Belly&quot;?
How big is &quot;too big&quot; for an airline seat? At what point will you be required to buy two tickets?
If, like Edward Snowden, your passport was revoked/cancelled, how can you travel?
When walking on the road, is it safer to walk in the same or opposite direction as the traffic?
How many types of Pound Sterling are there and what is the relationship between them?
Traveling in Europe Solo - 18 years old. Feasible?
Where is wild camping possible in Europe?
What can I do to prevent passport stamps being put on blank pages?
I have a tattoo. Can I visit a public swimming pool in Japan?
Is weed still legal for tourists in Amsterdam?
Staying in the toilet during landing
Luggage was stopped by customs (we learned about it after our flight)
What section of an airplane offers the smoothest ride?
Why are you now required NOT to smile in passport photos?
What to do in Las Vegas without having to sin?
Can growing a beard cause problems in crossing borders?
Do I need to pass customs if I enter by swimming over a body of water?
Hard time proving I am same person as seen in the passport photo taken 9 years ago
When to book tickets from travel sites rather than airline sites?
Do you have to take the second leg of a domestic flight?
What is wrong with eating while walking in Japan? It doesn&#39;t seem to be an issue in other Asian countries
Is it true that people &quot;can just take all the luggage off the airport conveyer belt and leave with it.&quot;?
What are the best ways to avoid data roaming fees when travelling abroad?
Does a US immigration officer really have the power to deny entry to the country at personal will?
How do I get an engagement ring past security/customs in an airport without alerting my significant other?
Is it normal to walk around a(n American) hotel in pajamas?
Which European cities have bike rental stations for tourists?
Will I be able to travel around India speaking only English?
What&#39;s the difference between embassies and consulates?
What&#39;s the deal with the &quot;string people&quot; in central Paris?
How do you choose a restaurant when travelling?
What&#39;s the best way to signal that I&#39;d prefer to be served in English?
Is tap water drinkable in Massachusetts (and elsewhere in USA)?
€5 coin not accepted
Birth while traveling on-board an airplane
Why do airplanes at every airport disembark at the left (port) side?
Where in the world can you tour a live nuclear reactor?
What should I do after buying an airplane ticket?
What time is used on board a cruise ship?
Can I take an AVR development board on a plane?
How to avoid suspicious looks when you are in the Western side of the world
Is it safe to travel in Japan considering the nuclear situation?
If I visit Los Angeles, am I better off renting a car or not?
What are good security tactics for sleeping in airports?
Is it technically illegal for US citizens to visit Cuba?
Computer geek tourist attractions in the San Francisco Bay Area &amp; Silicon Valley?
Am I expected to tip wait staff in Europe?
What can you do about being forced to sit next to a very large passenger?
&quot;No nudity&quot; signs in changing rooms in Doha?
Is there a &#39;minimum daily spend&#39; in Bhutan, and does it vary on citizenship?
Who was this persistent person at Shanghai airport?
Why do we fasten seatbelts for turbulence?
Are international driving licences really necessary for any country?
Legalities and safety concerns of visiting prostitutes in Amsterdam
Is it fair to buy a return ticket I know I will never use just because it&#39;s cheaper?
What happens if you cannot pay for a hotel?
Why are balloons prohibited at Amsterdam Schiphol?
Am I supposed to respect traffic signs that are upside down (in the USA)?
Why does my phone&#39;s GPS not work in China?
What should I know about &quot;Around The World&quot; flights?
Your address at destination: What if you don&#39;t know any address?
One-way versus return airfare tickets
Is there any list of countries I should not visit if I want to go to the US?
Do Nepalese authorities care about Everest climb fairness?
Long-life SIM cards in Europe
A flight I booked months ago just got rescheduled dramatically, into a time that is not possible for me, what can I do?
As a native English speaker, which two further languages would give me the most travel utility worldwide?
How to book a ticket for an unborn infant?
How to adapt to Western Toilets from Indian-style toilets?
When and where do I have the highest chance of seeing auroras?
What food to take on a 3-4 day long hiking trip?
What on earth has yet to be explored?
How do you know if a Japanese person means no when they say yes?
Is it culturally acceptable for an American to visit the memorials in Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Can I keep my old passport when I have it renewed and a new one issued?
Why do they sell luggage in airports?
London on public transport: what kind of tickets to use?
Car rental vs. buying a car for 1 month
Saving leftovers from restaurants in Paris
How to vomit during a flight?
What are the chances of success and the consequences of sneaking into business class?
One foot in Belgium and the other in the Netherlands!
Why are some airplane seats numbered &quot;DEK&quot;?
If a baby is born on an international flight over international waters, what nationality are they?
Is there any way of evaluating the quality of a hotel&#39;s internet connection in advance?
What are the signs of a bed bug infestation?
Can I eat a beef burger in India?
What does this sticker on the back of my passport mean?
Is it dangerous to drive through Death Valley?
Any way to find out what US Customs &amp; Border Protection has in their database on me?
Why do some tourist attractions forbid tourists to take photographs?
Are there any cultures in which the &quot;thumbs up&quot; hand gesture is offensive?
Can I be refused entry due to my place of birth?
Celebrating the same new year several times over?
From what point could you view the most US states?
What are the exact reasons why one cannot take a bottle of water on the plane?
Is tipping a flight attendant acceptable?
What is the best method for exchanging dollars for Euros?
What to do if drugs / a bomb are planted in your travel bag?
Is there any reason not to do laundry with bar soap?
Can you tell a cabbie which route to take?
Why does Nizhni Novgorod have visa restrictions?
Can you get sucked tight on a plane&#39;s toilet?
Travelling as unmarried couple in Dubai
What rights do you have in China to appeal stuff being taken off you in transit?
What are the main differences in traffic regulations between the US/Europe?
Are there any repercussions from having an Israeli stamp in my passport?
Is there any way to spend a night in a European castle?
Someone else is booking international ticket for me using their credit or debit card. Do they need to be present physically at the time of check in?
Can I bring an anti-religious book into Saudi Arabia?
Is sleeping on the floor in planes allowed, and if not, why not?
Which airplane is the safest?
Is it safe for a commercial flight to have Iran, Afghanistan and Pakistan on its flight route?
Why do Indian citizens need many visas?
Strange knob on airplanes?
(Where) Can I go to a &quot;sleeper&quot; cinema?
Is it rude to talk on a mobile phone for the whole journey, when travelling alone in a London black taxi?
Is there a list of free accomodation resources?
Forgot baggage at Dubai. How to get it to Los Angeles?
What should you do if you get arrested in a foreign country?
What (if any) regularly scheduled airline flights pass over Antarctica?
OK we&#39;re all nerds here, so really, how on earth should I use a Japanese toilet?
What does &quot;SSSS&quot; on my boarding pass mean?
How to tip in the United States?
Paying by credit card while overseas cheaper in US dollars or in the local currency?
Can a tourist buy a gun in the USA?
Why is public transport from/to the airport so expensive?
What harm can be done with a copy of one&#39;s passport?
Is there an international standard for medical prescriptions, you can carry around and show to any pharmacy?
Is it safe and legal to sleep in my car in California (L.A. area)?
What do I lose by not booking flights through a travel agent?
Which part of a cruise ship offers the least movement?
Are non-Muslims allowed to build snowmen in Saudi Arabia and similar countries?
How to remove airlines/security tag stickers from suitcases?
What is the best time of year to visit Reykjav&#237;k?
Should my first trip be to the country which issued my Schengen Visa?
Can you tell me how to get to Sesame Street?
What is the least useful passport in the world, visa-wise?
If a passenger damages another passenger&#39;s property (accidentally) on a flight, who is responsible?
Can TSA open regular suitcase combination locks? How?
Will I fit in a first class airplane seat?
How much cash am I supposed to prepay at gas station in the US?
Walk/Run from Berlin Tegel Airport to Berlin City Centre
Can an airline really refuse to depart when overbooked?
Why would I choose full service carrier instead of a low-cost one?
What rights do passengers have when flights in the USA are delayed?
Benefits of checking in online when checking bags
Does it makes sense to travel to Iceland during winter?
Do I need a US visa to change planes in an American airport?
What truly cross-continental train trips still exist?
Is there any United States slang I should avoid in the UK or Ireland?
How does one recover from a (personal) disaster while abroad, travel-wise?
I have discovered that the hotel room toilet is blocked, but too late :/
Is there any personal benefit in formally cancelling a (non-refundable) flight?
Why are round-trip car rentals much cheaper than one-way car rentals?
How to sleep in twins beds that are pushed together?
Am I supposed to pay for parking when the parking meter is buried under the snow (USA)?
How can I find a guide that will take me safely through the Amazon jungle?
What are some good ways to find things to explore on-site in an unfamiliar place?
What seasonal work can fund travel?
Is tea and coffee on the street safe to drink in India?
If I travel to Paris, can I get by with just English?
How can I travel to the North Pole, cheaply?
Do all American ATMs charge an extra fee for cash withdrawals on a foreign card?
Sell a pair of blue jeans and live like a king for a week: Still possible in Europe?
What is a safe overland route from Europe to India using public transport?
What do &quot;Fragile&quot; stickers on checked baggage do?
How to find historical airfares?
What to do with your valuables on a low-cost holiday while swimming/diving in Central America?
What are some tricks you use to buy cheap airline tickets in Europe?
How can you protect a fragile object like bottle of champagne in your baggage against breaking?
How unsafe is it to leave an expensive laptop at a rented apartment or a cheap hotel room? Which precautions should I take?
Sunbathing naked in public parks in Germany
Checked-in luggage, Last in First out, is it true?
Why do airlines prohibit having two infants in the same row?
Is it safe to drink water with a strong chlorine smell?
Where this picture was taken ~100 years ago?
Can&#39;t check-in to a hotel because I am 18
Airport security: what if I carry an item with traces of explosive?
Flashing headlights on Autobahn
Name has &quot;Mr&quot; appended on reservation, airline will not reply
If a hotel staff asks me for buffet food, can there be consequences if I bring him food?
How to leave Hong Kong International Airport by foot
How to deal with the fake police scam in Spain?
Is it inappropriate to record the call to prayer?
How to clean drug misdemeanor in US so I don&#39;t get stopped at border every time?
How old does a child need to be to sit separately from parents when flying?
How can I protect my vehicle when left at a trail head for an extended period?
Can we get by as English speakers visiting Iceland?
Is it safe to travel in Greece during the riots about government spending cuts?
How to go on a submarine tour?
Are there data plans for travelers in the USA?
Should I change most of my money in my home country or in the destination country?
Is travelling to Chernobyl safe for tourists?
Can I read my GMail while traveling in China?
What publicly accessible tall structures to take photos from exist in London?
Laptop Searches by Customs - UK and US
Cell phones in Japan
Travelling with two different passports
What is the LEAST visited country by tourists?
Breast feeding in Iran
What is the LONGEST Tour operated by travel companies?
Stuck without toilet paper while travelling - what is the best approach?
Getting work on a cruise ship in order to travel
What should you do with your house keys while traveling a short time?
What happens when an ATM in a country you&#39;re travelling through eats your card?
Is there a tourist destination where the new year starts first and at the same time the old year ends last?
Carrying medicines internationally for a friend
Should I avoid overnight flights from Dubai to India?
Are medical doctors legally doctors wherever they are?
How to access the internet during a road trip in the USA?
What items are forbidden to take when traveling to the US that would be OK in most other countries?
Why must I lock the door of an aircraft lavatory before the light inside fully brightens?
If a baby is born mid-flight, what happens visa-wise for them when they land in a foreign country, sans-passport?
Which European cities are connected by convenient night boat?
What happens when you book a flight to a country you don&#39;t have a visa for?
Eating cat meat as a tourist in Switzerland
What is the advantage / reason for many trams being high floored and non-accessible?
Do any States in the US give traffic tickets for 5 mph above the speed limit?
What times of the year are best for visiting France?
Are cruises&#39; Shore Excursions worth the money?
Shipping my car from Europe to Canada or the U.S
Is there any trick to checking in more weight on planes?
What happens when a foreigner gets a traffic fine in the United States?
Alarm Clock without Noise? To wake up in common sleeping rooms and airports without noise?
2FABE - the &#39;secret&#39; international travel postcard stamp code?
Vomitorium: Only common in the German-speaking world?
What is the shortest commercial passenger flight (with a flight number) in the world?
The most difficult countries to travel in?
Should I carry a passport around everywhere I go in the UK?
Is there a dress code when visiting the Vatican in Rome?
What to do when you can&#39;t print your boarding pass?
Can you expect the flight attendants to tell the passenger in front of you to put his seat up in normal position?
Is it wise to pretend to be Christian to safely travel through the US?
Am I going to have trouble flying with a reversed name on the ticket?
Is it possible to travel to Israel if it&#39;s not recognised by your passport&#39;s country?
Are there consequences to stamps in my passport that are not from border control?
What are mini-bar policies for one-night stays in hotels?
I need the name of a fellow passenger
How to know a flight is not full?
Why can two different airlines have different travel durations for the same itinerary?
Would the same name, different person &#39;trick&#39; actually work with international travel?
Attending an academic conference is what type of travel?
What do shops mean when they are open 7/7?
What&#39;s up with low visibility in Thailand?
What is the best way to obtain visas for the Trans-Siberian/Trans-Mongolian Railway?
How can I travel between US towns without flying
How do I know if it&#39;s safe to travel to a country at a specific time?
How can I protect camera equipment in checked baggage?
Should I purchase rental car insurance? What protection does my credit card provide?
Are there cheap GPS or other navigator devices with downloadable maps for the whole world?
Where can I get information on freighter travel?
Using an Amazon Kindle onboard a flight?
Is Norway significantly more expensive than other European destinations?
Are trains stopping between stations to let passengers board/alight just a Canadian thing?
Can I use USD in Canada?
Is the TSA Lock acceptable in European Airports?
Dealing with the &#39;unclean hand&#39; when travelling (if you&#39;re left-handed)
How many countries are there in the world to travel to?
What is the most efficient way to pack a bag?
Where can someone see flowing lava at roughly Easter time?
How can I be sure the operator treats elephants humanely before booking a trek in Khao Sok national park?
Best way to make my ears pop?
If you go to the pool and find all the sunbeds have towels on and you have nowhere to sit, what do you do?
What is the fastest theoretical route for the London &quot;Tube Challenge&quot;?
Is there an easy way to calculate the total cost of tolls for a trip within the United States?
Is leaving airport at a stop before the final destination illegal?
What kind of ID does the US accept when visiting bars or drinking age events?
Does the US governmental shutdown affect traveling to/from the US and if so, how?
When to hug, kiss, shake hands, or even &quot;fist bump&quot; in Europe?
Can I travel within US if name on ticket is abbreviated?
Is there a practical point in learning foreign words while travelling?
Are airlines legally obligated to feed passengers without charging?
Is there a way to find/track my plane&#39;s previous flight?
I was told my signature was ripped out of my passport. Should I be worried?
What rights do we have after being &#39;abandoned&#39; in Guatemala during a technical stop?
What&#39;s the typical microclimate in the aircraft passenger cabin?
Bought economy and was issued first class ticket?
How do custom officers determine if the imported goods of a passenger are old or newly bought?
I saw a lakeside castle or hotel from the air, north of Newark. What is it?
What&#39;s the best way to get sleep on a train in a sitting compartment?
Airline and Travel Agent disagree on baggage allowance, who do I need to resolve it with?
Should I give my Japanese host omiyage/gift when meeting them first or when I&#39;m leaving?
Is there a site that shows the current GPS position of active cruise ships?
Can I live on an unoccupied island?
If I know a flight is delayed can I turn up late for check-in at the airport?
Any trouble at Florida customs for not paying a California speeding ticket from 5 years ago?
How to overcome the language barrier when visiting France and Spain?
What class of travel is suitable for a woman travelling alone on Indian railways?
Is it possible to get from the Philippines to Taiwan to Japan (or the reverse) without flying?
Buying Paris metro tickets from Eurostar before/during the journey?
How can I travel to Germany with my dog?
What is the minimum time to consider with a connecting flight in the USA?
What&#39;s the name for the &quot;blocking&quot; stickers used on car headlights?
What is the best method of purchasing a ticket with an open return date?
How do I get my money back for my foreign coins?
What exactly is allemansr&#228;tten in Sweden?
Is there a powerstrip which accomodates most if not all AC power plugs?
Why do you need to take out your laptop from your bag during airport security checks?
Is it now feasible for an adventurous independent traveller to visit Chechnya?
How do I prevent my head from drooping while trying to sleep on a plane?
I need to fly today, where can I search for options?
Where is this building in Amsterdam with a fa&#231;ade looking like a bookshelf?
Where is the safest place in a train?
What is the business model of commercial free walking tours?
Booking travel tickets for visa without paying?
Accidentally travelling with a large amount of cash - epic fail!
Can you bring an empty water bottle with you on the plane?
Visa-friendly country for an international conference?
What language to use in Georgia (the country)? Is English widely spoken?
How much electronics and other valuables can I bring duty-free when going to India?
Is there a list of online public transportation planners?
How dangerous is India for solo women travellers, or female-only groups?
What are the rates posted on hotel room doors / in the lobby for?
Is wild camping possible in Germany? Where?
Can a hotel kick you out if you let an unregistered guest share a room with you?
Can you just charge your phone/ipad/laptop at the airport at any outlet?
What should I do to protect data when going across the US border with a computer?
Why do I have to wait 2 hours instead of 1 for intercontinental flights?
Why do taxis in Japan have mirrors on the hood?
Did not declare jewelry from Aruba
Is it possible to buy the ticket on board in German train?
Why do some hotels etc and other accommodation have rules against washing clothes in your room or in the sink?
How to check a large backpack?
Can I get vegan sushi in Tokyo?
Can anyone recommend a good trekking tour for Machu Picchu?
Trans-Siberian Express: Stopping along the way?
Changing unusual foreign currencies in London
Las Vegas - What is good to do there?
How can I determine which airlines are relatively safe?
Where can I find and book plane tickets on date not on destination?
How can I get people to speak the local language to me?
What one-day trips are available from Zurich (Switzerland)?
How to fly on the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner?
Are there ways to call &quot;international&quot; toll-free phone numbers?
Can I travel to North Korea overland (via train)?
Can I side-step discrimination against foreigners in Japan?
Cheap bus lines in Germany, something like Orangeways?
What&#39;s the highest number of countries whose borders meet at a single point?
What&#39;s the value of the “genocide” and similar questions on the US customs form I-94?
How to get from Nice to Monaco by public transport?
Preventing sea sickness?
Is it risky to wear a name tag in public in an unfamiliar city?
Is it possible to travel on cargo airplanes?
What causes experts at sites like FlightFox to be so much cheaper than search engines?
What does a couchsurfing host expect from their guests?
Are there any advantages to boarding a flight near the end of the boarding process?
What does the (+1) mean in flight search engines?
Is travelling as an international courier still a possibility for cheap air travel?
Why are prices published without tax in the US?
Why do UK people stand on the right on escalators?
Where can I ride a pump trolley?
Why do public toilets in the US have large gaps (no privacy)?
Will one be refused entry on a full passport?
Can you freeze liquids to pass security checks?
Thailand coup: What extent of disruption should tourists expect?
Can I use Google Maps traffic information to estimate driving time for a specific date/time?
How to reach the clearest lake in the world?
Getting into a fully booked hotel?
Where can I eat dishes that feature in western countries&#39; Chinese restaurants?
How do you exit Dutch railway stations with an international paper-based ticket?
Why was there no immigration control flying from Dublin (DUB) to London Southend (SEN)?
What is the difference between &quot;Country of Issue&quot; and &quot;Country of Citizenship&quot; of a passport?
Why is sex/gender present in EU-issued passports?
Forced layover in country for which you have no visa
Which airlines ban the use of Knee Defenders during flight?
Is the price per person affected by searching a flight for more than one person?
Utili-key &quot;knife&quot; and airport inspection?
Indian Passport first page ripped - is this considered &#39;damaged&#39;?
Tipping in Europe when paying by credit card?
Walking across Australia?
How can I get to Iceland on a cargo ship?
Practical food to take on flight without anything served?
Is not checking in any baggage suspicious?
Where to find good cave-swimming?
Good ways to get around the Dari&#233;n Gap?
What kind of plug adapter should I pack for India?
Is there a flight search engine that has an option to show full flights?
How can I get an &#39;invitation&#39; to Russia?
Will an Iranian or Kuwaiti visa or stamp in my passport pose a problem on a future visit to Israel?
Is it really forbidden to cross the Indian border with Indian rupee?
Can you really get around everywhere with only speaking English?
Will I get in trouble if I drink beer in public in Dubai?
Snowfall at sea level closest to the equator?
How early should you get to the airport in the US?
Last minute flight bookings - better to book online or at the airport?
Can you get married while traveling?
How can I get a flight with a supersonic plane?
Are there any airlines that still allow smoking on-board flights?
Which side of the plane to sit on an Auckland (AKL) to Queenstown (ZQN) flight?
Does the rotation of the earth affect the travel time from Europe to Australia?
What are safe uses of non-potable water?
How can I avoid being overcharged when taking a cab?
Are there any US laws that a US citizen MUST obey while traveling, even if those laws do not exist in the country he is traveling to?
What to do if I lost my passport before flight in another country?
What&#39;s with Canada&#39;s airport codes?
Declaring illegal substances at customs - what would happen?
What is the cheapest available freighter voyage anywhere?
What happens if you lose your passport at an airport / during transit?
Will I be understood in all Portuguese-speaking countries, if I learn Portuguese in Portugal?
Is it possible to legally visit uninhabited islands in the Pacific for a couple of days/weeks like Robinson Crusoe
Does browsing ticket sites in incognito mode and/or from different IP&#39;s result in cheaper ticket prices?
How do you drive a British car? Is it with the left hand and foot or right?
How can I book a flight plan found on Matrix Airfare Search?
Do airlines fly directly over the North Pole?
How much do roof racks hurt gas mileage?
What precautions should I take on a Japan travel with a person who is allergic to shrimp?
Are the Paris Catacombs currently open for visiting?
Climbing Mount Fuji
What is the deepest accessible point on earth?
How to survive the heat in regions with very high temperature?
Where can I eat sushi with chocolate in it?
Is it possible to manually release an oxygen mask on airplanes?
What are &quot;Signal Failures&quot; on The Tube and why do they happen so often?
Are candles a welcome gift in China?
As a married couple with different citizenship, should we pass through US immigration together or separately?
What is the purpose of numbers on some UK street name signs?
Is there a Waze-like app to keep track of each other among travel companions?
Are wet wipes subject to the TSA&#39;s 3-1-1 Liquids Rule?
What class of vehicle is commonly called &quot;a Toyota&quot; in Dudhu Chak/Eastern Pakistan?
What&#39;s the emergency number (the 911 equivalent) in Israel?
How bad is baggage theft at Johannesburg airport?
View the Grand Canyon by helicopter - is it real?
How to stay in Thailand for more than 30 days?
Travelling with beach sand in carry-on
How can I effectively compare data plans available in a country?
What are some techniques to avoid annoying the travel mate?
Can I drink stuff bought in duty-free shops onboard a plane?
Maximum validity of a Schengen visa for multiple visits
How do you prepare for long haul flights?
Tips for getting a visa when there&#39;s no embassy in one&#39;s country of residence
5 hours in Amsterdam
Greyhound: How early should I get to the bus station?
Is there any accurate map for the Silk Route and is it still practicable?
Are ice hotels actually comfortable to sleep in?
What sort of computer / electronic device would you take on a backpack trip around Europe to allow you to keep in touch?
What do you do when you&#39;re on-the-road and you cannot shower?
How to avoid letting a rental business hold my passport in Thailand?
Suitcases: hard or soft?  Canvas, polycarbonate or something else?
Can chartering a private plane be an affordable alternative to scheduled flights?
Would visiting North Korea as a tourist cause problems travelling anywhere else?
Most radioactive places on earth
Devil&#39;s pool safety at Victoria Falls
How does one visit a cult leader Vissarion?
Should I tip in restaurants in Turkey?
Tipping in Poland: saying &quot;thank you&quot; when the waiter collects your money
Ski Resorts during the Northern Hemisphere&#39;s Summer
About Schengen 90/180 rule
People in the next room in my hotel are having noisy sex; I can&#39;t sleep! What to do?
How fast may you drive on the Autobahn?
How can I find which European countries require headlights on during daytime?
Former Gulag camps in Russia
Are non-Saudi women allowed to drive in Saudi Arabia?
How should I wash clothes in Japan?
How does &quot;Fuel Dumping&quot; work?
Touring G-Cans in Tokyo
Which locations are traditionally Santa&#39;s home - i.e. where can you visit Santa Claus year-round?
Can I spend some time in a real prison as a tourist attraction?
Will my checked luggage freeze in the airplane?
Would China to Taiwan and back again count as another entry into China?
What is the actual (not official) size of the Ryanair &quot;baggage sizer&quot;?
Are there &quot;Doctor Who&quot; themed tourist attractions in the UK?
Is it possible for tourists to enter/attend Japanese Game Shows?
Is there any region, island, mountain, or village in Japan known for hot spicy local cuisine?
Based on departure/arrive local time, how to know if my flight will be entirely at night?
What does this Chinese character 天 mean on my visa?
Is there a Macgyver-esque way to charge rechargeable batteries?
Vehicles required/allowed in weigh stations on US interstates
Kenyan citizen refused Schengen visa from Sweden
Traveling to Amish country
I&#39;m on a train to Vienna and I forgot the documents home, what can I do now?
How Safe are Train Rides in the U.S.?
Can I have a sword fight in Scotland?
Is it rude to refuse to eat from the same plate in parts of the Middle East?
What are possible reasons for this strange flight pattern?
How are validated underground tickets checked in Berlin?
What&#39;s the cheapest transport to get from Ataturk International aiport to the Taksim Square area of Istanbul?
Is it safe to drink the tap water in Istanbul?
Is there a boat that will take tourists to Iceland from North America?
What time of year is best for taking the Trans-Siberian Express?
Are there any issues with using credit cards in Germany?
Website resources for &#39;out there&#39; jobs related to travel
Do American cellphones work in Europe?
Is there a resource to find free, open wifi hotspots?
My departure record was not collected when I left the USA. Is this a problem?
Travelling by train in mainland Europe, will I save money by booking my tickets early?
Where in the Balkans is free camping permitted?
What is the state of train travel in USA?
Couldn&#39;t return papers to border officials last time. Should I be afraid when going back to USA?
Can you search for a job when using a tourist visa (B-2) in the US
Can I through check my bags on separate bookings (international flights)?
Trick to breaking down air routes
Winter apparel for Europe (November-December)
How to calculate the air-line distance between two places?
What is the connecting time to consider for International to International Transfers in US Airports?
Do I need a visa if I go with a cruise line to St. Petersburg?
Why do there seem to be no long distance buses in France?
Are there ways to keep long-distance land transport costs down in France when not planning in advance?
Maps with road drivability grading
What happens if you arrive in Malaysia with a one-way ticket but are asked for proof of onward travel?
Is there a way to check that the conditions on your plane ticket are actually what your travel agent said they are?
Where should I travel in Europe if I want to climb a high mountain without equipment?
Packing a cardbox box as checked luggage
Travel health insurance that counts as &quot;credible coverage&quot;
Is there an equivalent to &quot;The Man in Seat Sixty-One&quot; for bus travel?
Is it safe to drink tap water in Morocco?
What are the fake police checkpoints in Mexico looking for?
How to prepare for very long train journeys?
Are carry-on bags being weighed on long-haul flights?
How to enter East Jerusalem and who controls the separation with the western part
The Great Wall of China: Where should I start a visit?
What is the most expensive train ride in India?
Why did my flights make unscheduled fuel stops?
Do I have to enter the UK on my UK passport?
Are parachutes allowed on airplanes as cabin baggage?
Is it possible to book an hotel being a minor?
Entering Brazil by air, leaving by land, will I be denied entry?
Where can I see this Darth Vader church?
Why is car rental in the US so much cheaper when booking from outside the US?
Do I need a visa to go to Canada from America if I have a Green Card?
Planning to travel to Israel, what happens if Israel declares war on Iran?
Do hostels provide toiletries?
Environmental impact of ferries
Indian Trains Wait List - will I get a seat?
Where can I board an Airbus 380 using stairs instead of jetbridges?
Where to sleep at Frankfurt airport
How do customs and immigration work in a sailboat?
How do I become a better tourist guide for my own city or country?
Is there a website for searching/booking European trains?
Fast train between Moscow and Saint Petersburg?
Can I participate in the farming/harvesting of chocolate/cacao as a tourist anywhere in the world?
How can I cross the Atlantic by ship from Europe to New York? (I am not talking about luxury passenger cruise-ships.)
What equipment should I travel with to increase the odds of good internet and phone connectivity?
When will the Sistine Chapel open after the Papal Conclave?
Longest distance ordinary road sign?
Cheap places to store bags in London for a few hours?
What is the fastest speed a passenger airplane flies at?
What is appropriate attire for women in Muslim countries?
Are there other places with gardens like those at Versailles?
Cat Tourist Attractions In Japan
Why does Google suggest roundabout routes in Berlin?
Is it possible to go on a tour of the Stack Exchange headquarters?
What is the real legal status of an airport transit area?
Can you travel to Canada by road with an expired US passport?
What is the youngest new natural landmass that can be visited?
In which countries are the visitor&#39;s first name and last name compulsory?
Can I enter Thailand without having my passport stamped?
How to recognise/thank great cabin crew?
Why do passports expire?
Biometric passport: How can I know if the chip is still working? Does it matter?
Touring the Large Hadron Collider
How to use toilet paper
What is proper etiquette on bringing one night stands to a hotel room?
Are flights (generally) cheaper on Friday the 13th, compared to regular Fridays or 13ths?
Who pays for the return ticket when a country refuses entry?
How to identify international flights likely to have fewer passengers
How can I wash myself Indian-style (using water not toilet paper) in Western toilets?
Is Legoland only for kids?
Is it reasonable to do the Trans-Siberian/Mongolian without pre-booking all the train tickets?
What are the requirements for a minor (16) traveling alone from Russia to the USA and back?
Is it considered uncouth to check in early into a hotel?
Does the cartography workshop where Christopher Columbus lived in Lisbon still exist?
What happens if you are caught (accidentally) not declaring something at customs?
How to log the places you visited as detailed as possible?
How can I not get electrically shocked when handling my laptop in an airport?
Why does a passport have a place of birth field on it?
Entry to U.S with criminal record
How do you estimate how long it takes to get out of an airport?
How to dispose of a broken suitcase at an airport?
Netherlands: where to find public water tap?
In an international airport, is there specific set of laws for the international area?
Must drivers stop at zebra crossings / crosswalks in Michigan?
Can US citizens go to Cuba freely and vice versa after the recent diplomatic relation restoration?
How to find out the speed limit in the US?
Can I skip my train leg booked with a KLM flight?
Do Chinese customs agents check the contents of Kindles and notebooks?
Are battery packs allowed in hand luggage?
Air travel with a stoma (ileostomy or colostomy)
Where is this on highway 24/highway 12 in Utah?
Are there caves and tunnels under Tallinn
Is it possible to get a permit to travel to Tibet (Lhasa) from Beijing by train, without a tour guide?
How much Russian do I need to know for travelling within Russia?
Overlanding without a Carnet de Passage?
Is the border between Georgia and Russia open to citizens of other countries?
Can I pay for my Turkish visa on arrival at the airport in Euros?
Is there a definitive reference guide to cell phone standards by country?
Are there currently any international ferries that travel to Saint Petersburg, Russia?
Is it necessary to take malaria pills when travelling in South India?
What is the best time of year to go to Disney World to avoid crowds?
Which credit cards have global coverage?
Northern Cyprus - way to visit and what problems can I have with Republic of Cyprus after that?
What&#39;s a good alternative to Dopplr?
&quot;Flight mode&quot; phone use banned on Ryanair. Is this a worldwide phenomenon?
Can I get warfarin in Tajikistan (or nearby?)
What are some strategies for keeping solo travel costs down?
Do infants need their own seats on long flights?
Unplanned backpacking across several European countries
Travel planning web sites
Which country should I go to in order to see gorillas?
What neighborhoods or sites should I visit in Montreal?
Getting to the sea from Oxford
What does a technical stop mean in air travel?
Things to see in Nova Scotia, that aren&#39;t Halifax centric
Is there any online resource that can tell me what visa rules are for passport holders of a specific country?
Is there a feasible way to combine hitchhiking and couch surfing?
Which transportation is best from Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport to Hua Hin?
What would be an example of a currently possible overland route from Europe to Israel?
Are some parts of Iraq currently possible to visit for the brave, adventurous, and open-minded traveller?
What happens if you miss a connecting flight?
Is it OK to take a disposable safety razor on a plane?
Dual nationality, EU and Australian. Does it matter which passport is &quot;travelled on&quot;
What are my options for transportation around the Great Plains (US)?
Is there a museum anywhere at least partly about Rubik&#39;s Cube or Ernő Rubik?
TrueCrypt Volumes: Will it cause any trouble?
New York airports: JFK or Newark Liberty International?
Is it recommended to get vaccinations before visiting India?
Searching for bikeable offensive town names in Europe like &quot;Fucking&quot;
Are there Christmas markets in Switzerland?
Is it safe to take a road trip going through Northern Mexico? What precautions should I take?
How to plan celebrating carnaval in Rio?
Can the ship&#39;s captain really perform your wedding when in international waters?
Carry on cheese grater on domestic U.S. flight?
Are there still any “Fly as much as you like” air passes for the U.S.?
Is there a nudist / FKK backpacker hostel anywhere in the world?
3 days in London. What do I absolutely have to see?
Driving in Iceland: a good idea?
How to get from Iceland to Greenland?
Is the Cairo - Cape Town Highway passable?
Hiring a Ferrari in Italy
When visiting urban areas in Australia, do I need to be worried about deadly insects / animals?
What do travellers to England need to know about social class?
In which cultural regions is taking pictures of people considered offensive?
Storing bags after checkout
Is it possible to rent a car in one US state and drop it off in another?
How to generate a travel map?
How can I visit Chernobyl?
Getting a SIM card (prepay) in India
What are the &quot;rules&quot; for multi-city flights?
Free / cheap ways to get airport lounge access?
Why is there a &#39;secret carrier&#39; option for a flight?
Peacock feather a prohibited item?
Travel agents - can they match ITA Travel Matrix prices?
How to get from Buenos Aires to Santiago de Chile by land
Is there a difference between green traffic lights and blinking green traffic lights?
How to get to Mythbusters&#39; duct tape island
Visiting Iguazu waterfalls on both sides
Does a multiple-entry Schengen visa allow visiting other Schengen countries later, without going via the issuing country?
Does one tip in the US/Canada for bad service?
Statistically, is there a safest seat on the plane if it crashes?
Does tourist visa (90 days) apply after a working holiday visa ends in Schengen countries?
What is the protocol for taking a last minute cruise?
If I renew my passport do I get 10 years from the expiration date or 10 years from the renewal date?
General security concerns about Cancun, Mexico
Can I take chocolate to Australia?
Can tourists visit the White House or the US Capitol Building?
What questions should I be able to answer when entering USA?
What does &quot;copy of itinerary&quot; mean when applying for a Schengen visa?
Under what situations can a passenger be restrained by flight crew?
What does &quot;MO&quot; mean after the name of a US city?
Do rental cars in France come with the two legally required breathalyzers?
What cheaper alternatives exist to transport luggage in Europe?
Is it legal to smoke weed in Prague?
Is there a resource with the average load factor on a specific flight?
What does it take to make my car fully compliant with all EU countries?
Going on a tour of the Pentagon as a non-US citizen?
Hong Kong street photography?
Are dashcams legal in Germany?
Can I explore London by Roller skating?
How to drive a car from Australia to Europe?
Is this ferry-intensive journey along the Labrador coast that Google Maps proposes actually possible?
What are the exact restrictions on night time Eiffel Tower photos?
Are there any man-only places in the world?
Is there a way to get to the top of Mount Everest without hiking too far?
What to wear to a casino in Las Vegas?
Issues with US immigration after alleged overstay - how to handle?
How to independently visit Saudi Arabia?
Is it possible to buy a ticket where the luggage cannot be checked to the final destination?
Is it possible to fly near/over Mount Everest?
What is the use of all these towels?
How to hide your bodily odors after a long flight?
Why would your passports be collected on buses in Chile?
Travelling to the US on the Visa Waiver Program (VWP) to attend a job interview
Where can we find information about the cause of a flight&#39;s delay?
Can tourists or other travellers in China get in trouble for using a VPN or other method to get around the &quot;Great Firewall&quot;?
Why do countries require validity of 6 months for passports?
Why does US Customs &amp; Immigration ask the purpose of my trip when I&#39;m returning home?
Where on earth is this image from the backgrounds in Windows?
Language problems at the airport?
Converting Older United States Dollar Bills
Explain travel times and distances on flight
How to behave on a US visa interview?
Do any US airlines make use of their right to fly between EU airports?
Is it safe/possible for a long haired guy to visit North Korea?
Expert-guided tour of an offshore wind farm in or near the North Sea?
Is there a flight search engine that combines flights from different airlines?
What are the &quot;short names&quot; sometimes used by flight attendants?
Is bringing tea from coca leaves to Europe illegal?
What chemicals does airport security use as markers?
Will it matter if I cross the Russian border 6 hours after my visa expires?
Advice for flying with a 6 month old infant?
Do I need a visa to transit in the Schengen area?
220 V to 110 V voltage converter for laptops
Is there a way to find out if I need a transit visa for a layover in the UK?
What is the rule regarding tips in Czech Republic?
Pricing and booking mixed-class fares, with economy &amp; premium economy combined?
Is there an obligation to renew a small child&#39;s passport before its expiry date?
Is it possible to downgrade a business/first class flight to economy without the ticket purchaser knowing?
Languages spoken in the Netherlands
What is that device at an airport which transports packages to the aircraft called?
Are women required to wear skirts to get into some tourist sites?
How well accepted is the Euro in Gibraltar?
Purpose of the &#39;Witches&#39; Hats&#39; on the A13 in London
In which European countries do I have to have a country indicator on my car?
Is there an IATA airport code for the Bay Area?
Where to find microwave on the road in the US
If I lose my papers/passport in the US, what police station should I report it to?
Is a picnic at the Chateau de Versailles possible?
&quot;Lord of the Rings&quot; Tours in New Zealand
What is a good hydration system for hiking Kilimanjaro?
Freight travel in the Caribbean - Can it be done? Is it cost-effective?
How good is Public Transport In the USA?
Can you go to the Maldives without assistance of a travel agency?
Where would be the optimal place to watch the Nov 2012 Solar Eclipse from?
References for tipping etiquette in different countries?
Is it possible to travel through Burma (Myanmar), entering at one border crossing and exiting at another?
Are there Italian customs that a North American should be aware of?
Are there any standard clothing restrictions when visiting mosques?
Visa for European countries for US passport holder
In Malaysia, how should I deal with taxi drivers wanting to go off-meter?
What are the most effective rideshare sites in the US?
How long does it take for a US citizen to get their first passport?
Can I use B1/B2 visa to travel to the US without a business purpose?
Should I bring sufficient anti-mosquito lotion to China?
What is a good town/place to stay at, in order to visit the Dead Sea?
Are there any problems crossing Kosovo&#39;s international borders or having their stamp in your passport?
In Bulgaria do fast food chains, convenience stores, or petrol stations typically accept credit cards for small purchases?
What services do US embassies provide to travelers?
Travelling to Attu Island
Do all German airports lack free wifi?
Where can I go with an Irish visa but without a Schengen visa?
Choices for prepaid GSM data with laptop tethering in Europe?
It is safe to travel in Israel and Palestine?
Itineraries in South Africa (+/- 2 Weeks)
Are there scheduled flight connections operated with a helicopter?
Are there any laws which prohibit officials from taking a passport out-of-reach of the passport holder?
Most remote exclave?
Why exactly is it so important not to forget my towel when hitchhiking?
Is all of Afghanistan dangerous for travellers?
Are there still any &quot;cheap&quot; options for flying from Australia to Mexico without going through the US?
Places to stop off along the Sydney to Brisbane railway?
Which organizations are/have been effective at lobbying against invasive airport security?
What to expect at Chinese customs when bringing in items for friends who live there?
Curonian Spit and Kaliningrad
Are there companies that offer worldwide wifi roaming for a fixed fee?
How long does it take for a Global Entry application to be approved?
What are the wild camping regulations in Iceland?
Is there any way to be notified if the Northern Lights are visible in the north of Scandinavia without having to stay awake all night?
Comparative safety of countries in Central America
What are the rules surounding alcohol in Morocco
What do the cabin bells mean on airplanes?
Can I spend Renminbi in Hong Kong?
3 days in Amsterdam: What to see?
Fastest way to get from Heathrow Airport to Knightsbridge London?
Are there any legal requirements for renting a car in the US as a foreigner?
Day trips from London?
Buy a second seat in order to bring an extra bag?
Can you eat food refused by quarantine by Australian border control?
Is there a website dedicated to odd hotels?
Is the voltage 220-240 V at 50 Hz *everywhere* in Europe?
Do I need a UK or Ireland transit visa when flying from the US to a Schengen country?
Entry into US with unpaid medical bills and ticket for careless driving
Where can I find air-fare predictions?
US and Canada Border Crossing and Computer Privacy: What do I need to know?
Do I really have to register with the police when staying with a friend in Croatia?
What&#39;s the most comfortable way to travel with 2 backpacks or bags and a DSLR camera?
What&#39;s the difference between a direct and a non-stop flight?
How does Disney World work?
Is it legal to drive in the nude in the USA (specifically Kansas)?
How to get to Ljubljana (Slovenia) from Trieste (Italy) by Train?
How long is a typical CouchSurfing stay?
How to travel if you are stateless?
How safe is it for &quot;Western&quot; Muslims to participlate in the Hajj and visit Mecca?
Is there any common website for Spanish intercity bus timetables?
Are there any women-only places in the world?
Prepaid SIM card for data in London
Is it normal to have something added to the bill in a restaurant in Italy?
Where is the coldest commercial diving site?
Is there an international language at sea?
Changing passenger name on an Indian Railways ticket
An online map indicating the status of all open and closed international borders
What is more widely spoken in the Baltic countries: Russian, Ukrainian, or English?
What&#39;s a cheap, convenient way to get from Amsterdam to Brussels?
How to visit Lake Hillier?
Can I get arrested for loitering?
How can I get around Paris both cheaply and efficiently?
Are airport duty-free shops really cheaper?
What do many hotels have against stairs?
Do I have to expect snow at 3900 meters above sea level during summer?
A place to rent hmmm... a killer whale submarine!
With car rental should I pay now or pay later?
Are laws about sex outside marriage less rigorously enforced in Dubai for people on layovers?
Can I take my bicycle into all German trains?
Is cycling in Tokyo safe?
OK we are all adults here, so really, how on earth should I live without bidet?
Does condition 8115 mean you can&#39;t check your work email?
Where on earth is this church which looks like a confused chicken?
How to lock a backpack?
Do I need a towel in saunas in Germany?
Will airlines compensate me if my entertainment system is not working?
Travel implications when going to Muslim countries after a visit to Israel
Arrivals forms or customs agents may ask if you packed your own bags. Must I pack them myself or is it OK to answer in the negative to this question?
How can I see the Berlin Wall?
How can I reliably make myself a cup of coffee in my hotel room that doesn&#39;t suck?
Where&#39;s the cheapest place in the world for a beginner to learn diving?
Is there a comprehensive list of Magna Cartas and their locations?
UK tourist visa refused 3 times. Need to get there for flight home
Where and when is the best time to see the tulip fields in the Netherlands?
San Francisco to Los Angeles: bus or plane?
Where can I stash a rental car while visiting London?
If I manage a trip drinking a little bit of local water without Delhi Belly, am I now fine in future?
Who are these people in gray robes and shaved heads with South Korean Passports?
How should I act if I&#39;m assigned to a seat near an emergency exit?
Are these guys real or scammers? canadianvisaexpert.com
Crossing the Atlantic by sailing boat, South America to Europe
Cheapest flight to anywhere at any given time
Is there a website that tells me the quickest way between two London Tube stations?
Safety considerations for solo female business traveller in Mexico
Where can I take a shower at Dubai Airport?
How could a Washington registered car travel to Z&#252;rich?
Nationalism or Fanatical Fanhood in the UK?
Why is Diet Coke more expensive than regular Coca-Cola and other soft drinks in Indonesia?
How to receive goods ordered on the internet, while in the USA
Does any airline in the world allow air travel without government identification?
Is it against regulations to pack my laptop battery on its own in my checked luggage?
What makes a backpack a women&#39;s backpack?
Is it possible to travel around the world using JUST Low-cost carriers?
Same sex marriage in the UK for foreigners on vacation
What does it mean to be in the fast lane in California?
If I don&#39;t declare a not-yet-used engagement ring at airport security, am I smuggling jewelry?
What is this North Korean booze?
Arranging temporary childcare during a conference in an unfamiliar city
Delhi, Beijing or Japan for sightseeing in May with a teenage daughter?
Is there anywhere at Melbourne Airport to buy a Myki?
Is it possible to get from Canada to Greenland by road or ferry?
can I put 3.4 ounces of liquid in a 4 ounce bottle?
Do I have to carry snow chains in Europe?
How can I discover what time of the year hotels will be cheapest for a given city, e.g. Tokyo?
How can I check when I can (statistically) fly to given locations most cheaply?
Does Mastercard or American Express have more worldwide acceptance?
What gesture to make when hitchhiking in Iran?
What kind of questions should I be asking about tropical destinations?
How to insure checked luggage?
Is it safe to travel to Socotra, Yemen?
What is the safest way to travel from Tehran to North-Pakistan?
Avoiding air travel sickness without Dramamine/Dimenhydrinate or other drugs
Travel insurance with regards to luggage being stolen/lost
Will Armenia and Azerbaijan permit a tourist to enter if they have the other country&#39;s stamp in their passport?
How far away can I get with my car starting in Amsterdam?
Is sleeping in tents / hammocks allowed in Malaysian beaches?
Proper policy on using electrical plug outlets in Toronto Pearson International Airport
Visit the UK with Schengen tourist short-stay visa
Do I have to visit the Chinese consulate in person to get my visa?
How far into Washington, DC should I drive before taking the Metro?
How to see the Norwegian fjords?
Is it possible to recharge an OV-chipkaart without a Dutch banking card?
What organizations give computer science PhD students travel grants?
How do I visit Petra from Israel?
When travelling from London to northern Sweden by train, is it possible to have a day of free sightseeing at anywhere other than Copenhagen?
Flying UK to Canada via USA. Do I need to apply for ESTA?
How can I get a great view of Shanghai?
How to travel as a crew member on a ship?
How can I go from the American side to the Canadian side of Niagara Falls?
Can Serbian dinars be exchanged in the Republic of Macedonia?
Can a person fly to the Moon as a tourist?
How to get from the North Sea to the Black Sea (or Aegean/Adriatic Sea) via inland waterways?
Where can I rent a car in French Guiana to cross to Suriname/Brazil?
What is the actual price of hiring a porter for Everest base camp?
Is there any possibility to view London from &quot;The Gherkin&quot;?
Which airlines allow in-cabin pets on transatlantic flights?
What&#39;s the deepest underwater tour available?
Additional cabin handbag on flights
Are there any places in the world where you can actually &quot;travel&quot; with an airship / zeppelin etc? (Not just a tour or joyride)
Is there a standard power adaptor to use on airplanes?
What options are there for &quot;disabled&quot; assistance at Heathrow airport? (or: which London airport is best for this?)
Which countries are &quot;Muslim countries&quot;?
Exchanging Albanian money into euros outside Albania
Are there electrical outlets in the sleeper cars of the California Zephyr?
Joining the Mile High Club (MHC) - Can I get into trouble?
Flying with a desktop computer (as checked luggage)
Where in Thailand should I be cautious about malaria?
Child travelling with different nationality passport than mom
Are there oil platforms which you could visit as a tourist?
Is it possible to camp in Russia on a tourist visa?
Are there any international train services in South America?
What&#39;s the furthest south (in Chile) that you can get from Santiago, Chile by public bus?
How to get to Christmas Island?
What happens if you get malaria?
Is tourism beneficial to the economies of places affected by natural disasters?
Canadian visa rules for flight connections
Self-drive vs. guided safari in Southern Africa
Everest Base Camp Hiking
Is there a hotel in Paris with a grand piano &quot;en suite&quot;?
Can two different planes share the same flight number?
Are bluetooth headphones allowed on flights in the US, particularly on United Airlines?
To which country in Europe should I travel to if I want to see a lot of lighthouses?
Is there any other country than Germany with no speed limits?
Where in India can one wash and play with elephants?
Where can I go looking for amber in Gdańsk, Poland?
Japan&#39;s snow road: Where is it and when to visit?
Scotland in one week: What to see and do?
Oldest subway/underground/metro rolling stock still in operation
Do microfibre towels dry quicker and absorb more water?
Travelling from Germany to Iran
What to use instead of credit cards in Iran?
Riding in a military jet
Avoiding the traveller&#39;s &#39;fanny pack&#39; / money-belt
In the context of air travel, are layovers different to stopovers?
Are there any travel websites that offer incentives for users to achieve certain tasks on their travels?
What is the cheapest way to get from Thailand to Australia with a car?
Dealing with smelly travel daypacks?
Are there European equivalents of &quot;Route 66&quot;
Tourism after the Earthquake in Christchurch
Kindle version of WikiTravel?
How do you avoid the hefty toll fee on the French highways?
Renting a car in Ireland &amp; Great Britain: 1 rental or 2?
Rooftop bar in Manhattan?
Will a UAE stamp in my passport cause problems entering Israel?
Is there an overland route to Kashmir from Europe?
What are good holidays for a disabled adult and a small child?
Vancouver to Toronto by train in December: How warm is the cabin?
Lost passport with Schengen visa
What&#39;s the best day of the week to buy airfare?
How do carpool lanes in the US work?
Are there still parts of Burma that are off-limits to tourists?
I want to travel to the USA while working remotely for my non-US employer
Proving onward travel on a South America tour
Is there a museum in South Korea about defectors and refugees who escaped North Korea?
Visiting CERN in Switzerland
Are there any websites or resources for planning bicycle routes across western Europe?
Can I cross the USA-Canada border with a birth certificate and a passport locator number?
Are Digital Single Lens Reflex Cameras Permitted in the Empire State Building?
Where can I find short term apartment rental offers in Berlin?
How to understand the registration rules in Serbia?
Am I entitled to air passengers compensation if my flight was cancelled and I did not get a re-route?
The website says the Eiffel Tower is sold out for two months. Is there anything I can do?
Presents for Japanese couchsurfer hosts
Can I use my probationary Australian driver&#39;s license to rent a car in the United States?
Getting into Brazil with an onward ticket from another country
Alternative to trains in Japan
Websites for car relocation in Europe?
When travelling internationally with valuable personal effects, how do I avoid paying duty at each border crossing?
How to easily switch to driving on the other side of the road?
Where to eat Suzumebachi (Giant Sparrow Bee) in Japan?
Why shouldn&#39;t I have an ATM PIN beginning with zero if I travel internationally?
What town is in the Samsung Galaxy S default wallpaper?
How useful/important is French in Montreal?
How to ask drivers not to take me to the bus station when hitchhiking in Thailand?
How can I buy an e-ticket for Netherlands train if I don&#39;t have a Dutch bank account?
Should I avoid Shanghai because of air quality problems?
In Asian restaurants and airlines is it correct etiquette to use the hot towel on my face?
Do people travel to the Senkaku (Diaoyu) Islands?
What does this long yellow sign mean in Indonesia?
Is a flight number unique for the schedule, origin and destination?
Holidays in Brazil without Portuguese
Finding public toilets in Taiwan
Airbnb: will I be charged extra $1,500 if I check out just one day earlier?
How to deal with inaccurate luggage weighing scales at an airport
Maximum cash allowed when travelling to the US
What was an insurance vending machine at an airport and how did it work?
How can I tell hotels exist that aren&#39;t on the booking web sites?
How far away from artificial light do you need to get to experience the night sky without light polution?
Do I need Gravel, Sand and Ash insurance when renting a car in Iceland?
What will happen if I overstay in Sweden by 1 day?
What is the proper etiquette at Japanese onsen?
Are there cultures in which walking in the nude in public is not frowned upon?
Is there a guarantee that flightfox.com will be cheaper than other booking methods?
Police ride along in London
Travel in Morocco during Ramadan?
What happens when you exceed the import limits of alcohol in Norway?
Where can I find train routes using Wild West locomotives?
Possible reimbursement for missed connection due to gate change
Tipping in Cuba as a Canadian
Transit through Beijing - Languages?
Flight booking. Extra information to entice quick booking?
Tipping in the Netherlands
Item held by customs until I pay tax; what are my options?
How to register Russian tourist visa while on the Trans-Mongolian railway?
Catalan or Spanish in Barcelona?
Roadtrip coast to coast in the USA, let someone else drive car back
How accurate is Google Maps for travel times?
Is it possible to buy a travel curtain for hostels/trains?
How much money do you need to have on hand when entering USA?
Should I tip Airbnb host in U.S.?
European driver&#39;s license Type B and 10,000lb vehicle in USA
How can I remove highway vignettes and other miscellaneous stickers from the windshield of my car?
Where can I travel for prolonged periods of time while legally working remotely for a company in my home country?
What areas to avoid in Amsterdam for a family-friendly visit
Airway companies that overbook flights, and those that don&#39;t overbook
How to calculate when Ramadan finishes?
What are must-visit destinations for the first time trip to Argentina?
What is a good travel agency to book tours from in Hanoi, Vietnam?
What is the difference between Eurostar first class and French TGV first class?
What&#39;s the cheapest way to purchase data access for my verizon smartphone while traveling in Spain?
How can I find a guide that will take me safely up Mount Kilimanjaro and Mount Elbrus?
Can I visit the castles/fortresses in the mountains around Turin, Northern Italy?
What part of Great Wall of China is easier to visit, starting from Peking?
When travelling overland in Russia I hear you must register with the police in each new place, but does this cost money?
Are there any analogs of the Malbork castle in Poland or Germany?
Is it usual for Japanese sentos to offer cheap overnight stays like their Korean counterparts (jjimjilbangs) do?
Bringing a camping knife to Japan
How to get into and travel across Tanzania
Can I rent a camper in the US/Canada with a European B license?
Elephant Trekking in northern Thailand
Paris Gare du Nord to Gare Montparnasse, by public transport but without lots of walking?
Is it possible to bring a bicycle on a plane?
How can I fly with a guitar?
What is the most time and cost efficient way to get from Buenos Aires to Iguazu falls?
Are there low cost airlines to travel within the US?
Which airlines provide free stopovers?
Skiing in BC in November - can it be done as a day trip from Vancouver?
What is some useful software for brainstorming/planning long trips?
What are more authentic places in London, as opposed to the ones overcrowded with tourists?
What considerations should I make for traveling in Israel on the Sabbath?
What clothes should I bring on a backpacking trip
Does an EU citizen need a visa to visit Australia for holidays?
Where is the museum of socialist art in Sofia, Bulgaria?
Geek stuff to do in Las Vegas
What are important characteristics of a reliable and safe parabolic flight company?
Where can a middle-aged couple move for a couple of years working holiday and travel base?
Which countries, if any, offer on-arrival work visas?
Are there any travel experiences in New Zealand that offer a Maori &quot;cultural immersion&quot;?
Hostels in US vs. Europe
What is the cheapest and most efficient way to travel around Jamaica?
Cheapest way to get from Z&#252;rich (Switzerland) to Brussels (Belgium)
Finding a notary in France / Italy
What&#39;s the address of this guesthouse in Bulgaria?
Flying within the United States, Passport required?
Germany, Switzerland, Czech Republic - Suggestions for 3 week vacation
How much money can you take into Canada?
Which of the many Stepwells in India are worth a visit?
What is an easy way to see what routes are available from a given airport?
Travelling between Japan and South Korea
How to cope with disgusting fellow travellers?
Sightseeing for family in London?
WildLife Tourist Destination in France
Using Occupy Wall Street as a travel hack - any downsides?
What&#39;s the easternmost place in Asia?
Long term vacation on Falkland islands?
Pick-up Soccer in Dublin
What are good design galleries and museums to see in Stockholm?
Why is Nyn&#228;shamn a de facto &quot;port&quot; for Stockholm?
Traveling through Sicily on a budget and without a driver&#39;s license
Is it possible to walk from ExCeL to London CIty Airport?
Can immigration authorities make cross checks between multiple passports of the same (German) person?
Troms&#248; for the Aurora Borealis in March
Buying a SIM card at Heathrow
Is possible to cross the Bering Strait without flying?
Central Asia in 2012: Tajikistan or Kyrgyzstan?
Building an Igloo if camping is not allowed? (Switzerland/Liechtenstein)
What is the best way to get from the airport to center of Buenos Aires?
100 Years Since South Pole Expedition - How to reach it as a tourist?
Where are some interesting places with wildlife, nature-views, and/or historical sites in the very North of Finland, Norway and Sweden?
What options do I have for scenic long-distance train journeys in North America that last for 2 nights or more?
How to reach Salar de Uyuni from Potosi or Sucre (Bolivia)?
Avoiding or minimising altitude sickness?
What was this ruined building in Tbilisi that is Greek property?
Why does the TSA allow two 3-ounce containers but not one 6-ounce container?
Where to nap in Chicago O&#39;Hare?
Seeing puffins in their natural habitat
What is the longest passenger flight (with a flight number) in the world?
Are there any trains where roof riding is legally possible?
Is it feasible to do a Monopoly board pub crawl in London?
How to visit Malbork Castle from Gdansk?
Why do I feel pressure in the ears in a plane?
Cell phones must now be completely turned off on flights in Europe?
What is Rule 240 in Air Travel?
90 Day rule on the US Visa Waiver Program not expiring if you go to Canada
What is a good town to use as a base to explore the Speyside region of Scotland
Correct reasons for opting out of millimetre wave scanners
Looking for 5-7 day long distance walk
Is there a famous museum about conspiracies?
Which are the best airlines for travelling with infants?
How can I get a reliable taxi/car service in LA?
Long Stay Visit to France Without Visa
7 hour layover in LHR - enough time to visit London for a couple of hours?
Crossing from Georgia into Turkey
How best to prevent data loss while travelling?
Is squatting a viable alternative for accommodation?
Will knowledge of Yiddish be useful traveling in Israel?
What is the cheapest way to cross the English Channel from France to the UK on foot, single ticket?
Does the term &quot;middle east&quot; cover a certain set of countries? Could I be misunderstood when using it?
Is my U.S. driver&#39;s license valid in Europe?
Do I have to be Catholic to visit the Vatican City?
New York park along an old elevated railway?
How do I minimize the chances of TSA agents confisticating liquids larger than 3 ounces?
Tent in hand luggage?
Do buses run 24 hours a day in Barcelona?
Feeling the spirit of Helsinki, where?
Is it possible to get a visa for Kaliningrad in the neighboring countries?
Do you have a GPS signal on board of a plane?
How to get to/from Dulles airport?
What do these warning/restriction codes in air tickets mean?
Why do I have to show my ticket stub when entering an airplane?
Is there another destination like Thailand?
What documents should you carry with you when travelling internationally?
Where do I have to travel to to see this house?
Are there any flight price search engines with baggage allowance included?
World&#39;s fastest ferry route
Where can I see dolphins in central Europe, near Poland?
What should you do if you&#39;re really broke in a country where tipping is customary?
Can I import honey to Norway?
Can you use your mobile phone in the Channel Tunnel?
What does &quot;early bird rate&quot; mean in hotel reservations?
I am looking for a hotel search engine for rural areas
Problems with certain times occuring twice (or not at all) on night of daylight saving time to standard time transition
Is Vatican City considered a country?
Do people in Georgia (the country) have any dislike of Muslims?
Taking expensive camera gear to a South America trip?
Have feelings of Greeks changed towards European tourists because of the crisis?
When booking a hotel via an opaque site, is there any way to increase the chances of getting free wifi?
How fast can one expect to travel in an ocean-going sailboat?
How to &quot;speak&quot; Russian, if you don&#39;t speak Russian?
What happens if you become seriously ill during a flight?
Is there a website that measures the level of xenophobia in countries/cities?
Are there days/times/dates when most Paris museums are free?
New H1B arrival, what do I need for the port of entry?
Does my government know in which country I am at when I travel?
What is the cheapest / fastest way to get from Brussels to Paris?
Camping stove on a plane?
To how much radiation are you exposed on a transcontinental flight?
Introduction to Roman Londinium?
Chinese etiquette: Most common mistakes
Internet in Japan
Is the Fibonacci crocodile still being displayed at the Centre Pompidou in Paris?
How to register while wild camping in the Balkans?
Are 7 hours enough time to leave the Brussels airport and go to the city center?
How safe is the Sugar Loaf trail (Brazil)?
How can I visit areas with unpaved roads in a rental car?
Where can I get insurance for travel in late pregnancy?
Start cheek kissing on the left/right side
Can I bring my desktop computer as check-in baggage on a flight?
Would I delay flights, when not showing up for part of the journey?
Train from Zurich to Vienna - anything to look out for?
Is it possible to travel from the Dutch to the Polish Border on a &quot;sch&#246;nes Wochende Ticket&quot;?
How to become an instant Bollywood actor while traveling through Mumbai?
How to book Kaliningrad Ferries
Can Indian Rupees (INR) be used or exchanged in Pakistan without converting it to USD?
Why is the baggage allowance on flights to/from Brazil more generous?
How to move between Venice and nearby islands?
Does Eurolines provide a map (list or other resource) with origin / destination cities (or locations)?
Is there a ticket for all ferries in the Greek Islands?
Can I swim in Iran with my girlfriend in bikini in the Caspian Sea?
Are inexpensive ryokans inauthentic?
What is the process for travelling on a World Passport like?
Edward Snowden has been in &#39;transit&#39; in Moscow for days now. What&#39;s the longest possible you can just stay in a terminal?
Is there a risk with flights stopping off in Russia?
How do you pack your dirty clothing when moving from hotel to hotel?
Can I add more luggage after doing the on-line check-in in Ryanair?
Can foreign tourists see Pakistani dancing girls?
Do hostels provide cookware?
Will bringing your own bottle of wine to a restaurant in France cause bad service?
Where is this fountain (from Counter-Strike)?
Can I wear all types of military surplus clothing in Germany?
Why does an airline include &quot;seamen&quot; in its list of special requests?
Can passengers visit the flight attendants&#39; sleeping quarters?
Why are there no 2,3,4,5 tier bunk beds on airplanes?
Where to find wilderness in Europe?
Can a child still visit the cockpit during flight?
Where can I read about the food safety ratings in restaurants in China?
How cheap are the cheapest accommodations in Saudi Arabia?
Alternative to public hot water bath in Japan for a tattooed person
6 hour stopover in Shanghai
What should I do to stay safe if my flight arrives late at night?
How much to tip at restaurants in Australia?
Is it normal/expected to tip taxi drivers in the UK?
Carrying semi-solid food in flights?
US employer suggests two 90 day contract periods instead of work visa. Is this okay?
What are the two closest countries that do not share a border?
Is Morocco currently safe to visit despite the Ebola outbreak?
Air travel layovers: How to prolong them to see the city?
How much cash can you carry on a flight within the European Union?
How are intersections between two numbered streets named in New York?
Can an airline change a reservation booked through Expedia?
Are short-term rentals (Airbnb, etc.) legal in Singapore?
Can an original of &quot;The Great Wave off Kanagawa&quot; be viewed in Japan?
At Brussels Midi station, can you access the Eurostar Business Premier lounge when going to Lille or Calais?
How many laptops can I take on an international flight from the US to Europe?
Eurostar security control: Taking pocket knife for camping
Which airplane of the KLM flew from PBM to AMS on January 19th 1991?
How to buy one airplane seat and reserve adjacent ones?
Can I carry a ceramic knife in the cabin baggage?
Dealing with nodding or shaking of head confusion
US visa photo: ears must show?
On TGV (or other French long-distance trains), can you take the earlier/later train?
May an airline change the aircraft from the scheduled one?
What are the practical implications of a name change for international travel and activities abroad?
What countries allow the export of butterflies?
Does having visited top countries increases the value of least useful passport?
Is it a good idea to go to the airport and ask for the next cheap flight to anywhere?
Why police didn&#39;t even block me once at the airport arrivals?
Entering the USA by land border
How far can one go from Addis Ababa without needing prevention medication for Malaria?
What exactly does &quot;nights&quot; means when you book? Is it number of night you are going to sleep, or simply days you are going to stay?
How am I able to smoke at Heathrow during a 13-hour layover as a South African citizen? Can I exit passport control?
Ebola - can I enter Indonesia after being an aid worker in Sierrra Leone?
Is there a list of words or themes that will get you thrown off a plane in the US?
Why is it forbidden to wear camouflage in some Caribbean Islands?
Safe place to see the &quot;real&quot; Palestine as an Israeli passport holder?
Did Finland&#39;s border authorities make a mistake?
Where to find dacquoise in Paris?
Can food from Indian restaurants in America be found in India?
Incentives to change flights
Advice on Hotel - Travelling to visit my girlfriend in Russia
What is the easiest transportation to use throughout Romania for a foreigner?
Online resources/communities especially for travelling to remote islands
Are there advantages to using private car service over taxis from the airport?
Using status across other Star Alliance airlines?
Are there any good, cheap bus companies to use for traveling around the western United States?
Is it worth getting a one-week public transportation pass for Rome?
What measures can one take to keep a motorcycle safe during a road trip?
China visa issue
US Customs Pre-clearance in foreign airports
Do you need to submit an itinerary to get a Russian visa? And do you have to stick to it?
In Rome, are some days less busy than others?
Strongest travel sunblock?
Can I drive in OR state with CT license?
What&#39;s the easiest way to find a vacation rental?
Long Term Travel - what insurances can / should I get?
Travel insurance with a pre-existing condition
How long does it take to renew a US passport?
What is the best way to get from Rome to Venice?
How to extend Indonesian visa on arrival (VOA) in Indonesia
US debit/ATM card with lowest fees for travel
What are Ireland&#39;s top places to visit with a toddler?
Recommended destinations located close to Siem Reap, Cambodia
Is it possible for a tourist to visit South Ossetia?
Which embassy/consulate to contact when you need consular support for a family where the parents have different nationalities?
Paris on a Tuesday - are the Louvre and the Pompidou Centre the only &quot;big&quot; attractions that are closed?
What to show grandparents in Stockholm/Anytown?
What should we consider when buying a gift for a host family in Turkey?
How to find out your body weight while travelling?
What is the best time to see the Lavender in France?
Are there any small towns near Edinburgh with good access to rural hiking routes?
Good locations in Spain for hiking, nature, architecture, and photo opportunities?
Best way for U.S. citizen to obtain China visa while in Europe?
Hostel accommodation in Geneva
Inter-state driving law references
What immunisations, if any, are required / recommended for Thailand?
Any suggestions to ensure safety while hitchhiking?
Amtrak Cascades from Seattle to Vancouver - What is the border crossing like northbound?
Is mozzarella liquid affected by the no fluids policy on planes?
How to get from the Helsinki-Vantaa airport into Helsinki city centre?
Quickest way from London to Dubai without flying?
Can I listen to Air Traffic Control on a flight?
How to choose a good travel insurance policy?
Is the tapwater safe to drink in Albania generally and Shkod&#235;r specifically?
Will Nagorno-Karabakh put my entry/exits stamps on a separate piece of paper?
What ski resort in the US/Canada is reachable from Europe?
Is it normal for Swedish long-distance bus/coach drivers not to count for missing passengers after rest stops?
Is it possible to tour the facility where Kahl&#250;a is made?
Can I apply for an Iranian visa in the Republic of Georgia?
Will I need to take special precautions for spending the winter in Tbilisi, Georgia?
How to plan routes that aren&#39;t covered by Google Maps?
Is Tokyo Metro accessible to people with movement disabilities?
How useful or necessary is a pacsafe for your backpack?
Please help me understand this Deutsche Bahn schedule from Prague to Vienna
How can I find out which platform my train leaves from in Brussels Midi?
Accommodation in Tokyo for a party of four
Sydney–Melbourne by other means than flying
What are the most diverse places to go snorkeling in Hawaii for fish and coral?
How to travel to California with my cat?
Name of Georgian lemonade?
Travel guides that covers the International E-road network?
Is two weeks enough time to drive from Tallinn to Stockholm and have enough time to visit the major cities along the way?
Are there countries other than the Netherlands that support hitchhiking?
Making calls from Romania
Are there any tour group comparison websites?
What kind of a car do I need to travel along the Panamerica?
How is the weather in Cuba in January/February/March?
Places with cheapest accommodation in Schengen area
Crime rate in Cuba
Cell phones in South Korea
How to get a visa for Iran
&#39;One laptop per child&#39;- like organisations?
Schengen Visa from UK
What should I do/visit in Qatar for 8 hours?
Driving into Germany over Easter weekend
Getting from the Frankfurt-Hahn airport to Saarbr&#252;cken (Germany)
What places offer both good scuba diving and surfing?
How can I buy train tickets within the UK from abroad?
What clothing should I bring to Chicago for New Years&#39; Eve?
What&#39;s the best way for foreigners outside of the UK to get to an English Premier League game?
From San Francisco airport to the South Bay by public transit
Turkey sea-side cottages
Boat access to Galapagos Islands?
Where can I eat a guinea pig in Ecuador?
Gluten-free eating in Peru
How can you get into the San Pedro prison in La Paz? (*and* out again)
Do self-contained luxury resorts exist in the desert in North Africa or the Middle East?
How to get to Easter Island?
The Atacama Giant
Can a tourist take part in the annual carnaval parade in Rio de Janeiro?
Are there hotels where children are not allowed?
Is it safe to drink tap water in Nicaragua?
What does one year of traveling around the world cost?
Is it possible to go with a mixed group of people to bathe naked at the Abanotubani sulphur baths in Tbilisi?
Which foreign currencies can be used to exchange for INR in India?
What is the quickest way to get a car from London to Iceland?
Vaccinations and medicines for Peru and Ecuador
Where can I travel if I want to see cheetahs?
Is it a good idea to order a ticket for the London Eye in advance?
Vegetarian dishes in Cuba
Websites to buy complex air tickets
At what distance in the US is the plane faster than the train?
Is MSG prevelent in Malaysian food?
Is gold an acceptable means of currency exchange?
Communist architecture in Berlin
How to avoid having my drink spiked in a bar
Using trains and buses in India without advance booking?
Normal LonelyPlanet guides vs. the new Discover series
How to document travel expenses?
Why is a nonstop flight sometimes more expensive than multiple connections?
Can solo travelers go to a mixed gender onsen?
What are my options for long term parking at Paris Charles de Gaulle?
Can I carry on/check in a child&#39;s car seat for free for a flight?
Viewing a Soyuz launch on the cheap?
Finding drinkable water while travelling
Driving license in Australia
Fastest route around the world on regularly scheduled transportation?
Insurance for campervan in NZ
What is the cheapest way to get from Eindhoven to Amsterdam?
What does it mean when a flight is delayed due to a &quot;tail swap&quot;, if anything?
How can I travel to the &quot;Eye of the Sahara&quot;? Are there tours? Can I self-guide?
Where can I see an Apollo spacecraft?
Indian Railways-Online Reservation Rules
How to get a tax refund for computer accessories purchased on a visit to USA?
Are hospitality-exchange services reasonably safe to use in first-world countries?
Walking Hadrian&#39;s Wall
Do I need a visa if I travel from Paris to Amsterdam if I entered as Crew Member?
Supplies and support on a long-distance walk
Key vs. combo lock security for international travel
How do I negotiate a lower price at a hotel?
Is it always wise to book flights as soon as possible?
When are the first &#39;regular&#39; space tourist commercial flights actually due to start?
How to get from Delhi to Kathmandu overland?
What is the difference between i-ticket and e-ticket in India&#39;s online train ticket reservation?
Getting from New York JFK airport to Manhattan, without the sneaky airtrain exit fee?
Can you actually do a road-trip in Greenland?
Are there any cheap ways to get from Jamaica to Cuba?
Layover at Tokyo Narita airport: can I travel outside, and what kind of visa would I need?
How to assess whether a restaurant is good on the spot?
Getting to Barrow, Alaska overland
Is there an official New York City architecture tour?
What are the options for a prepaid SIM card in Germany?
One slightly groggy day in Sydney alone - what to see?
Least stressful method of travelling around Paris
Is it safe to drive the Baja Peninsula?
Can I buy a prepaid mobile data plan while on route in France?
Where is this mountain with very striking bright colors?
Windsurfing in Switzerland (or nearby areas)
How to make the most of my first hostel stay
How on earth can I use a Canadian toilet without splashing myself?
Layover at Narita, Japan. Do I need a transit visa?
Is there any possibility to ride on a freighter from Romania to South Korea?
Cellular Internet in Iceland?
UK citizen, US company, living in UK: Can I use an ESTA?
Can Westerners use the free Wi-Fi at Guangzhou international airport?
Mitfahrzentrale-style website for Norway?
Are there high crime areas in Japan that I should avoid?
Are there any common, secret services offered by airlines to passengers onboard?
How to find a sauna/bathhouse in Korea that allows customers with tattoos?
What mountain in NW USA is this?
Are the live flight radar websites *actually* live?
For fear of flying is drinking alcohol a healthier option than pills?
Star Wars: Where Science Meets Imagination -- How much time to allow?
Turkey to Egypt by ferry?
Paying with Euro in Czech Republic
Travelling with a laptop
Haunted Houses in New York City
How to travel (relatively) cheaply by ICE trains in Germany?
Is there a possibility to stay with a family in Himalayan or Karakoram mountainous regions?
planning flights - connection flights search engine
Is it safe to attend a soccer game between Croatia and Serbia as a tourist?
How to get from Gdańsk ferry terminal to Gdańsk railway station?
Tipping Etiquette for NYC Taxis
Is there an EU law that a hotel can&#39;t kick you out if you&#39;re sick?
Where should I travel to see this building?
Opaque hotel booking sites?
Will a biathlon competition affect my ski vacation?
What are my options to get an bird&#39;s eye view of the Niagara falls?
Burushaski teacher or course in Hunza Valley, Pakistan
What exactly are the differences between a National Park and a National Forest?
Some travel forms ask if I&#39;ve visited Africa recently. What restrictions might I encounter due to my travel to Africa?
Are there any tours or opportunities available to the public where one can see Cherenkov Radiation?
Why is the train between Barcelona and Madrid so expensive?
How dangerous is the &#39;La Boca&#39; neighborhood of Buenos Aires?
Taking large amounts of strong medications on holiday
Transfering between Terminal A to terminal C at Newark airport
Camping along ring road in Iceland
Border crossing on Curonian Spit
Claustrophobic - travelling for the first time long RSA to USA
How do I find out which holidays will disrupt my travel and by how much?
Seeing polar bears in Churchill, Manitoba in spring?
How do I minimize total cost of separate flights to the same destination plus optionally accommodation?
What exactly is a &quot;No Objection Certificate&quot; (NOC)?
What first aid material and medicines are absolutely essential when traveling?
Where can I visit former Nazi camps and prisons in Europe?
Is there a centralised website for bus travel in Brazil?
Can I import homebrewed alcohol to Norway?
Museums in Germany about the First World War
Differences between the Routes of the Camino de Santiago
Getting passport stamps inside Schengen Area
Getting from Halifax, Canada to the US by bus/train?
What is overbooking (of flights), and why do airlines all seem to do it?
What should I expect when I stay in a hotel?
How can a US citizen obtain a Russian tourist visa from Berlin?
What is the cheapest way of traveling from Berlin to Krakow?
Crashing a rental car abroad
What tips or tricks can you use to get &quot;upgraded&quot;/better hotel rooms?
How can I accurately estimate the weight of my luggage?
Can we switch terminals at Heathrow (LHR) for shopping only?
Does a layover of more than 6 hrs entitle me to accomodation by the airlines?
What sort of &quot;invitation&quot; do I need for a Belarussian visa?
Where can I buy a cup of &#39;cat poo&#39; coffee (Kopi Luwak) in Melbourne?
Shower rooms at Incheon airport
Are there any secrets or tricks to flying for free (or almost free)?
Are there any airlines that allow electronic cigarettes?
Is it possible to take a desktop PC as carry-on luggage?
Are the hoses in toilets in Asia something I should know about?
Is there Wi-Fi and electric socket in long-distance buses in Germany?
&quot;Safe&quot; typical dishes to order away from the tourist trail in Thailand when English is not supported?
Am I expected to tip for room service on top of the Service and delivery fee?
How can I purchase Greyhound tickets online if I&#39;m a non-American?
How safe are cable cars?
Is there a resource with tips to hitchhike?
In Japan, what is a &quot;Philippine pub&quot;?
Tipping in hotels in Germany
Valencia: Places to work temporarily
&quot;One of the most dangerous roads in the world&quot;: Where is it?
How much is a boat trip from Venezuela to Trinidad?
Is there a map or resource that represents the distance in terms of time instead of Km or Miles?
US dollars in Jamaica
Can you be legally bumped or taken off a flight AFTER boarding?
Is there a reason why airlines prevent laptops from being used during takeoffs and landings even though some allow tablets and smartphones?
Travelling while afflicted with Delhi Belly?
Visiting Greece with back-to-back Schengen visas (One from Germany, other from Italy)
Using emergency US passport to leave/enter UK while UKBA is reviewing my visa
Where is a tripod allowed from high up in New York City?
How friendly is the Netherlands to vagabonds?
Can a passport survive an accidental trip through a washing machine?
I lost my Chilean tourist card! What do I do?
How can I find bundled air fare discounts?
Distinguishing Tamil speakers from Sinhalese speakers in Sri Lanka
How to transport a robot on a flight?
Why would Boarding Time be a whole hour before Departure Time?
Are traveler&#39;s cheque widely accepted in Iran?
Is it possible to fly both the Airbus 380 and the Boeing 787 in one trip?
What tasks would I need to complete to prepare for any international trip, regardless of destination?
Abandoned theme parks in Iceland
What is the purpose of check-in before flying?
How can I have &quot;will call&quot; Greyhound tickets picked up without a photo ID?
Would it be unsafe for an American to go to Moscow right now?
Did the international regulation for electronic devices during takeoff/landing of airplanes change?
How to get a Turkmen transit visa in Iran?
How do I decide whether to be worried about having enough blank pages in my passport?
Getting to Shatili village from Tbilisi?
Not flying the first leg of the journey – Company cancels the second-leg ticket
Where can I listen to live “Gypsy” music in Bucharest?
Can I import absinthe into Australia?
Compare train ticket prices in Britain
Reliable travel visa requirements for any country combination
What is the email address on my passport renewal form used for?
Are live leeches allowed through TSA checkpoints?
No more open returns?
Watching the football World Cup final in Amsterdam
Search engine for stop over possibilites
What does Flight Pending Government Approval mean?
Are there any tours into North Korea that depart from Japan or South Korea?
Train from Budapest to Zagreb - buy in advance or at the train station?
Are euros well accepted in Liechtenstein?
Entering Canada - visa delays and tourist authorization
Is Puerto Rico domestic or international from the USA?
Why isn&#39;t it safe to swim on Goa&#39;s beaches in the &quot;off season&quot; (June-September)
Identify waterside building / skyline
Can one carry an internal hard-drive in cabin-luggage?
How do I address a vertical postcard?
Send 1 overweight suitcase instead of 2 underweight?
How can I find historical flight delay data?
Transfer of driving penalty from USA to UK license - does this happen?
Is there a way to get from Douala to Brazzaville/Kinshasa with terrestrial public transport?
How much of the original &#39;Lunatic Express&#39; rail system in Africa is still active?
Which routes are possible from anywhere on peninsular Southeast Asia to The Philippines without flying?
Can you climb the Sydney Harbour Bridge for free?
Is it a sign of being gay if a male wears a white trousers in the UK?
What are these metallic plates found around Iceland?
Safety in Warsaw Poland
Where I can make chocolates in Switzerland
Overstayed my visa for over 9 years, never got deported, can I return as a tourist after 9 years?
What can I do in Hong Kong with a three hour layover?
Bicycle rental in Netherlands with drop-off in another city
Is a tour of a US Embassy possible?
Why is taxi fare (in the UK at least) the same price for 1 as for 4 people
Open gates on the Paris Metro
How much cash to carry for a conference in the Netherlands?
What style of bathroom facilities are in Hong Kong hotels?
Best way to get from SeaTac airport to Redmond?
Can somebody recommended a tour for the Amazon in Ecuador?
Are there any ferries currently running on the Black Sea between Romania and the Republic of Georgia?
Can I apply for a Russian visa from the Republic of Georgia?
What time of the year is the cheapest to cruise in/around North America?
Longer latency on GPS connection depending on which country I&#39;m in?
How can I get to Gatwick Airport from London at 5am?
Is it possible to go directly from Siem Reap to Vientiane over land?
Traveling to USA with tripod attached to my camera bag
Are there any ferry companies operating between Russian East ports and Japan?
How short notice can you fly to USA?
Extended stay visa for Germany
Denmark and Schengen - border controls
Ferry connection between Crimea (Ukraine) and Georgia?
US citizens traveling between 2 &quot;no visa required&quot; countries
Time needed to visit the Seattle Space Needle
Camping near a beach, not far from Tokyo
Accommodation search engine that allows setting an approximate price range without a date?
What direct flights connect South America and Africa?
How could I explore the Rock Islands of Palau?
Is there a bus from San Francisco to Sonoma?
Do I need sunglasses in the Dolomites?
Irkutsk to Ulaanbaatar by train or bus?
How to book a bassinet for an infant on a flight?
Is it cheaper to book excursions locally for South Africa?
What kind of Visa do I need to land on the EuroAirport Basel-Mulhouse-Freiburg?
What is the best way to travel around Israel and Palestine?
Are there prepaid mobile data plans in China?
What&#39;s the cheapest way to call China from the US with an AT&amp;T cell phone?
Access airport lounge with Gold/Premier credit card
How safe is Morocco? (2011-2012)
What are the Jordanian visa rules for travellers entering from Israel?
Finding Twin rooms
With Airlines using the same programs, can I merge benefits?
China Airlines, safe?
Australian drivers licence valid in the US?
Vaccinations for Beijing
Why airline websites charge more money than discount travel websites
Can I travel from the USA to Spain with a one-way flight?
How can I translate medicines?
How to travel on horseback?
Driving from San Antonio to Copan Ruinas, Honduras
How to avoid getting motion sickness?
Is there a hotel / B&amp;B Finder using Google or Bing maps?
Does being granted a Schengen visa and not going have any consequences?
One-way tickets into the US and Canada?
What type of mosquito repellent is most effective?
Is there any way to get a ride on the new Japanese Maglev train in Yamanashi?
Annapurna Tilicho Lake without camping?
What supporting evidence is required for a Moroccan travel visa?
How to travel with a (small) child in Vietnam?
Which type of visa I should apply for to visit USA as job applicant?
Are there any travel experiences in Australia that offer aboriginal (or Torres Strait) “cultural immersion”?
Is Jat Airways reliable?
Visit Northern Ontario from Toronto without a car?
Can I make reservations for trains in Italy, France and Belgium from the Bahn ticket desks in Germany?
How good are Aeroflot&#39;s current safety and performance standards?
Data connection while in Israel
What might be the cheapest ferry connection from near Athens to anywhere in Turkey?
What are the bus (coach) connections from Thessaloniki, Greece to Tbilisi, Georgia?
What are some good shoe options for a RTW trip?
Where to stay for London nightlife?
How to find what are the dominant safety concerns a tourist should have in a country?
Is there a website or list somewhere of which countries need a full page of a passport to issue a visa?
Shipping a computer from Europe to the U.S
Interesting computer history museum in Central Europe?
How to determine if a hostel room is a walk-through room?
Venice Marco Polo Airport to Venice
Lake ice skating in Southern Sweden
Do any Mexican bus lines provide Internet access?
Is this a realistic backpacking trip in Europe?
Do Canadian ATMs charge extra fees for cash withdrawals on foreign cards?
Which city to visit in Europe during January?
Snorkeling in southern Japan?
Travel to Okinawa from mainland Japan
Which Cities In Finland (if any) Have a Medieval Architecture?
Annular Solar Eclipse - Adak Island, May 2012: Airfare help?
Are there open air hot springs in natural settings in the mountains of Georgia (the country)?
Where is this half buried Armenian church or monastery?
Are there any guarded parking lots anywhere in or near Berlin, Germany?
Kayak options in Patagonia
Can I study the Welsh language as a traveller in Patagonia?
What&#39;s a good substitute for a pocket knife that can be carried on-board a plane?
How do I verify my location in a country that has unreliable mail?
Truck rental, Mexico pick-up, U.S. drop-off
Car rental in Sydney - airport or town?
Is it possible to climb Uluru (Ayer&#39;s Rock)?
Visiting islands around Cuba
Car rental in Japan
Can I see Lebanon from Cyprus?
How to choose a good restaurant in Switzerland?
Catching snow in Southern California
Do I need a Visa to travel into Laos from Cambodia?
How to cope with dry hands and cracking skin when travelling in cold locations?
Can I learn ski jumping in Japan?
How does VIP service work at the Managua Airport?
Is it worth it to go to Mount Kenya for only one day?
Which border crossing should I take between Ecuador and Peru
Boat tour on lake Titicaca?
Precautions taking the Tren a las Nubes
Is there public transport running on NYE in Rio de Janeiro?
Is it worth visiting the Nazca Lines from the ground if seeing them from a plane is not an option?
Where can I see a Mbalax performance in Dakar?
What do Cuban power plugs look like?
Getting nauseated from air travel, but it&#39;s *not* motion sickness...what to do?
How far into Brazil can I get with the completion of the Oyapock Bridge between French Guiana and Brazil?
What game can I eat in South Africa?
Is there a  ship of the line that I can sail on in Britain?
How does full-service gas work in Oregon?
How far north from Vancouver can you get by train?
How to choose a guide book for your next trip?
When you fly for free using miles, do you earn miles?
Land-based travel in the Middle East
Can I visit Chicago during a 5.5 hour layover in O&#39;Hare?
Local cuisine in Peru
Historical flight data
Is it possible to travel safely in Guatemala?
Car rental in Cuba
How safe is travelling on European rail networks for solo travellers?
What is the cheapest metro system in the world?
Indian Visa-on-Arrival
Is it possible to buy outdoor clothing in Northern India/Nepal?
Backpacking - travelling with &#39;smart&#39; clothes
What can a railroad company do to you if they find you riding in an open box car?
What are relaxed and interesting / not well-known things to see on a winter weekend in Prague?
How does tipping work on a cruise?
Modifying online flights to include stopovers
Safest road route from Tangier to Togo
What needs to be done locally in case of a car accident while travelling in the US?
Buffalo meat for dining
Residence has changed - Must I re-apply for ESTA?
Austria in September
What is the cheapest way to get from South America to Australia
What if you don&#39;t get an ETA for a flight to Australia?
What is considered impolite in Central/South American area
Knock-on of different airline flight being cancelled on same booking
Long walking trails in Europe with accommodation enroute
Where can I buy the German environmental badge while driving to my destination in Germany?
In which places is a cruise a viable travel option for independent travelers?
Am I allowed to take photos of the Umaid Bhawan Palace premises in Jodhpur without being a guest
Visa for France - showing actual hotel booking?
Do clubs in Hong Kong have any particular dress code?
Why do return flight costs vary depending on the country of origin?
Exchanging business cards in Japan
Any special way to mark penicillin allergy on my passport?
Russian visas and short-term apartment rental in St Petersburg and Moscow
Non-EU spouse of an EU citizen - is visiting EU without needing a visa possible?
Hiring a car in Berlin and dropping it off in Barcelona for a road trip
Would renting a car in Basel, Switzerland be safe for a foreigner?
What publicly accessible tall buildings are good for views &amp; photography in Manhattan?
Vancouver to Seattle by Ferry
Is there a booking site for chartering flights?
Countries with no visa requirements on its visitors
How can I estimate the duration of a long bicycle trip?
What are the two closest capital cities in the world?
How do I prevent damage to electronic devices at airport security?
Is it ok to bring a mirror onto an international airplane (US - POL)
Truth about Georgian tap water (aka. can you trust canidrinkthewater.org?)
Booking flight tickets together or in separate parts?
Where should I stay in London with an early Heathrow departure?
Gift giving in Korea: Do I have to wrap snacks?
Power plug in Ireland: is it the same as in the rest of Europe?
Travelling Roman Roads
Do I still have to pay airport fee in Lima?
How to get from Frankfurt-Hahn airport (HHN) to Frankfurt am Main International Airport (FRA)?
Price-hacking a one-way flight?
Single vs. Multiple entry Schengen visa, for Spain and France?
What&#39;s a good way to generate solar electricity while driving?
Are the TSA rules legally binding?
How do I get compensation for messed-up flights?
Are there any techniques, tricks, or tactics to avoid a one-way fee when renting a car?
Where can I combine a vacation and learning to fly with a tourist visa, rather than needing a student visa?
Are there offline maps for WiFI locations while traveling
Transit between ferries on Tenerife
Where to see the last Arabian flag in Andalus (Spain) and history of Andalus in general
Are flights actually cheaper *to book* during the week?
Where can I get definitive success rate statistics for Kilimanjaro trekking operators?
How do I prepare for the possibility of being mugged in the US / Caribbean?
What is the proper dress code for a one Michelin star restaurant in Paris?
Recreating Paul&#39;s missionary trips (from The Bible) / itinerary optimization and visas
Road journey from Europe to Mecca?
Bonneville Salt Flats - access?
Is there a way to get an idea how full a flight I&#39;ve booked is likely to be prior to arriving at the airport?
Getting from Berlin Tegel Airport to downtown
Are there any drive-in restaurants in Central Europe?
Is it recommended to travel to Tibet (Lhasa) for just under 20 days and with a low budget?
My ESTA is expiring - how does one go about renewing it?
Route planner with heights (for bikes)
Low cost airlines search engine?
Is it possible to visit Old Goa from the beach resorts?
Fuerteventura surfing and quiet romantic accomodation
Does my B1/B2 Visa for the US permit me to travel there from anywhere, or just my home country?
Can I use a US cash machine when my PIN has 6 digits?
Can I pre-purchase more luggage allowance on Qatar Airways flights?
How much to haggle for a hotel room in India?
How many tourists are allowed in Antarctica at one time?
Is it safe for a Muslim to visit Israel nowadays?
Tours of opium poppy farms or processing facilities in Tasmania
Inexpensive eating-out food in western Europe
How early can you go through airport security for an International flight?
Car return / relocation services in Canada?
Foreign car insurance for Canada and/or the U.S
How can I find an ATM card usable in Cuba, by a US Citizen?
Are there any tricks to book multi-city international flights?
Puerto Rico visa (or visa waiver) requirements for EU citizens
Legal documents and formalities required to sail far out to sea/ocean?
Getting a tourist Schengen visa after working visa
How does one get to Lake Vivi, at the geographical center in Russia?
Do I need a visa to walk over the Rainbow bridge?
What&#39;s the cheapest public transport from N&#252;rnberg to Prague?
Is it pretty easy for an American to get a Chinese visa in Hong Kong?
Which of these places in Papua New Guinea or the Solomon Islands would be the most accessible?
How, specifically, can I travel between Taiwan and Okinawa by sea?
Is Visa&#39;s Emergency Cash Disbursement reliable?
Travel to Cuba as dual citizen (USA+other)?
Can the same B1 visa for USA be used after employer has changed?
Is it a breach of South African Law or International regulations to not do a full safety briefing on a commercial flight?
Grand Canyon in a day
Schengen visa for non-EU spouse of EU citizen
Sydney to Perth on the Indian Pacific, what is included?
Can I take two laptops to India from United States? One bought in India and one in US
Are there any mosques in Liechtenstein?
Is it allowed to drive a bike after 1 (2, 3) beers in Germany?
Can I live in Munich - Germany for a month with 500 Eur
Is it possible to get the Cuban tourist card (visa) on arrival?
Are there trains beween Tallinn, Riga and Warsaw?
Is there a reason to prefer the bus to the train in the Czech Republic?
How to get an impression of the average price level of a destination?
Is it important to wear a necklace with medical history for people with medical conditions while traveling?
Re-enter USA from Canada with Visa Waiver Program
Can I rent a small plane (Cessna) in Europe?
Best way from Central Rotterdam to Europoort
What&#39;s with the Star Alliance / SkyTeam decal planes?
How soon can I re-enter the USA having stayed for 90 days under the Visa waiver programme? I am a UK citizen
Do I need a Turkey transit visa for a layover?
Where to sleep in the Salar of Uyuni?
Russia roadmap with information on the surface
Will I be able to use United Airlines ticket that was paid by a credit card of my friend from USA?
Must I leave the Schengen Area to start a new 6 month period as a Canadian?
Is it possible to deduce the London Underground line based solely on the set number at the front of a train?
Universities open to public in South Korea and Japan?
How can I learn if I need to pay London&#39;s congestion fee?
Price of compl&#233;ment de parcours varies depending on where I buy it: why?
How can you take advantage of an airline needing to bump people?
Is there a land route from China through Mongolia to Tuva?
Which parts of the Reichstag building are open for tourists?
UK places that offer visitors a chance to wear medieval armor and clothes?
Oldest monument in Rome
US Visas: O and P
Japan&#39;s crumbling temples and shrines -- How can I find them?
Is a Schengen visa/transit visa required for transit flight from Vienna to Frankfurt?
Codeshares - Can I expect the same service when buying from different airline?
Where can I see a reasonably complete skeleton of a Mammoth?
What options are available to go from Leuven/Brussels to Luxembourg?
Is there such a thing as an international mobile wireless provider?
Is it posible to hitchhike to Galapagos?
What type of visa is required for a PhD interview visit to Switzerland?
Is there a cheaper (slower) way to get by train from Brussels to Paris than Thalys?
How to find coworker space in Berlin as a tourist?
Good aurora viewing areas around Tromso accessible by public transport?
Can I go to Germany with a Schengen visa from another country after failing to get a German visa?
Is it feasible to hitch-hike from Slahpa/S&#248;rfjord to G&#229;sluokta/Kj&#248;psvik?
Huge difference in price between online travel agents and airline website
What are the registration requirements when visiting Russia?
What would be considered &quot;evidence of adequate funds&quot; for entering Hong Kong?
Is there another way to cross the Iran-Pakistan border overland? i.e. not going via Zahedan/Quetta?
Meeting other people while traveling
How do you find quiet and well-equipped places to work in cities when travelling?
How many 6,000 meter peaks are there in Asia? In the world?
Is it possible to stay in Laos for one year with tourist visas only?
Is there a metasearch engine for hostels?
Can I travel in Croatia using only Euro?
What times do the Sydney international and domestic airports open and close?
Where can I see turtles hatching or laying in southern or south-western Sri Lanka in late March?
Does Japan have pubs or bars?
Overstaying ESTA Visa waiver in the US
How can I find good classical music concerts in Vienna?
Where can I purchase anti venoms?
Etiquette of &quot;spitting out&quot; bones etc in China
Driving through every country in Europe
What is a good gift for hospitality in Nepal
Door stopper for hotel room
Drinking &quot;wild&quot; coffee in Ethiopia
Are there tips and tricks to overcome a fear of flying?
Is it possible to go Robinson Crusoe in the Bahamas?
Once in Israel, are tourists allowed to exit to the areas outside of the Israeli responsibility (Palestinian areas)?
Are there any vessels from French Guiana to Europe?
What is the minimum age to drive a rental car in the US?
If travelling through excessively cold regions, what steps should you take to keep your vehicle warm enough to drive?
Could leaving a TSA notice of baggage inspection visible in my suitcase upon opening help it avoid inspection?
Deportation from Ireland
Safe to use binoculars in Dubai?
Are there any countries where modern devices that take 100-240V AC power won&#39;t work?
Legal status in the US if flights are delayed by a day?
Does booking directly from an airline improve customer service in resolving problems?
Which transatlantic airline has the most leg space in coach?
How to find budget accommodation in Iran?
I&#39;ve got five hours in NY, what places can I visit in that time?
Transit in Moscow airport while waiting for visa to become valid?
Multiple visits to USA
How does one know if a rental car takes diesel or gasoline?
Interstate travel within the US with an expired visa
Travelling with infant who stops being an infant during the trip (turns 2)
Flying from Canada with art supplies
Why does Agra have cows on most roads and public areas whereas Delhi does not?
Round trip vs two one-way tickets?
Can I hitchhike on a yacht to cross the Mediterranean from Spain to Turkey?
Ear protection on long flights?
How do I ensure that my ATM card will work while traveling within the US?
What building is this?
Is there still any franc/ariary confusion risk in Madagascar?
Are companies offering to obtain the EU delay compensation for you, effective?
Crossing borders for a couple hours inside the Schengen area with a group of children
With a Lille Pass Pass smart ticket, what happens if the wrong ticket type is selected by the validator?
Swimwear customs on C&#244;te d&#39;Azur?
Couchsurfing hosting etiquette, length?
Square donuts in Dubai
Is it true that with a Seaman&#39;s book you travel cheap?
Podgorica, Montenegro to Tirana, Albania by public transport
Should you use English or (possibly broken) Japanese in Japan?
Where can I find Japanese Lacquerware in Tokyo?
Eating fish eye in Japan
Where can I find a list of cities with public bicycles available in Europe?
Being denied entry to Israel due to political activism?
What money to use for a tour in North Korea?
Lowest cost method of exchanging AUD into physical other currencies?
Understanding the reasons for a Schengen visa refusal
Firearm carried aboard an ocean going sailboat
Denied Entry into USA - Impact on Future Travel
What&#39;s the drinking age on Icelandair?
Visiting Bir Tawil or places like it
Why is it difficult/how to make it easier for Americans to understand Australian accents?
Do empty tatkal quota tickets get allotted to wait-listed passengers?
International children car seat standards for multiple regions
Baggage tagged with &quot;limited release&quot;
Why is security screening done at the gate at AMS (Schiphol airport, Amsterdam) in the non-Schengen area?
How to pass customs in time in case of a flight delay
Why do airlines gate check bags when there is still overhead space?
Alternative route for the shut down Harwich - Esbjerg ferry route by car
Per-route on-time performance for VIA rail
How can I work out the price of a UK bus fare online?
Cycle / Bike Hire in Amsterdam
If you have a rental car from outside Germany, can you enter the environmental zones?
Is it possible to use an all-inclusive package as a backpacking base?
Where should I change Swiss Francs to USD to get the best exchange rate?
At what time frame is there a significant increase of the price of airplaine tickets?
Where is this sculpture of the ten commandments from?
Which are safe and unsafe regions in Iran?
Free view of the Sydney CBD
Places in US cities to sleep/kill time after a redeye?
How should an American citizen licensed to go to Cuba bring money?
Changing clothes in Kochi
Can you do a phone call or telconf through Skype or Google Plus when traveling on the ICE in Germany?
No exit stamp on leaving Schengen area from Budapest to UK
Does an Irish citizen need a visa for a week&#39;s tourist visit to America?
Choosing a car for travel with kids in Florida USA
How to avoid claustrophobia on a plane?
What kind of plugs can I expect on transatlantic cruise ships?
What do these different hotel rates mean?
Is it legal to have 2 flights in the air at the same time with the same flight #?
How is TfL underground &#39;capping&#39; calculated if I pay for multiple people&#39;s tickets?
Am I too heavy for Chinese hard sleeper trains?
Are there any ATM&#39;s in Toronto where you can withdraw more than $400?
App or website to calculate change in Cambodian riel and US dollars
Small historical stone bridge in the North of Seoul
Patagonia by bike: where to find accommodations info?
True current procedure and cost of extending Cambodia tourist visa in person?
Can I walk out of Chicago Midway Airport (MDW)?
Do Estonians prefer English to Finnish?
Is there such a thing as a European sim card?
How do eVisas increase tourism by 400%?
Is the country code for &quot;U.A.E.&quot; in a passport &quot;ARE&quot;?
How to protect glass and ceramic items for air travel?
Where in the world am I most likely to see stacked lenticular clouds?
What&#39;s the courtesy: wipe off the wash basin?
Do I need two transit visas for travelling through the US?
Why do Eurotunnel do cheaper fares for shorter trips
Travel to USA while working remotely for US company
Cancelling hotel after getting a visa?
Having a pleasant dining experience in a hotel with a baby?
How to find and compare flights carried out by a specific type of plane?
What are some of the sights to see in Budapest, Hungary?
Flight deals from the UK
Tel Aviv a good base to see Israel &amp; Palestine?
I&#39;m in Volgograd, Russia. Aside from trains, is there another way to get to Astrakhan?
Turkmenistan visa in Uzbekistan?
I have lost my residential permit while travelling in India - what should I do?
Charge iPhone in Europe
Are there any programs in British Columbia in which a U.S. citizen could get a visa to work temporarily (and travel)?
Motorbikes in Thailand and Laos
Touring opal mines in Australia
Can I take my liquid medication on a plane?
Which chateaux of the Loire are worth visiting?
AAA benefits in Europe?
Visa for US citizen visiting Nicaragua
US Dollar (USD) to Nicaraguan C&#243;rdoba (NIO) exchange rate
Is the Pamir highway passable in early October?
What is required of an Australian citizen to get a visa for Ukraine?
Entertaining family stopovers on a driving trip from Pittsburgh, PA, to Chicago, IL
Compensation for delayed baggage on international United flight
Swiss mountain peaks in February - suitable weather conditions?
Do you need to get a new ESTA when your passport is renewed?
Travel with a baby from Eindhoven to Maasbree in the Netherlands
Does the Ukraine-Georgia ferry go via Russia and if so must I have a Russian visa even if I don&#39;t disembark?
Volunteering opportunities when travelling overseas
What is the price of ferries between Bulgaria and Georgia?
What is the most interesting route from Sofia, Bulgaria to northern Albania?
Pass in the Alps that can be crossed by mountain bike?
What kind of plug adapter should I use when traveling in Indonesia?
What is the average cost of a medical evacuation?
Overland trip in Uganda with camping
Approx how long will it take to go to Cologne Bonn Airport from Cologne city center?
How can I Travel and Teach English in Thailand?
Are there restaurants or cafes with Wi-Fi in Shkod&#235;r, Albania?
Are there any trans-Pacific budget airlines?
Re-entering with the Visa Waiver Program for the USA
Best inside tip for Liechtenstein?
How to find an appropriate frequent flyer program?
Is it safe to travel to Egypt in early 2012?
Free Wi-Fi / available power / cashless food facilities in LAX airport?
What kind of clothes and footwear are ideal to visit Egypt?
How much should a taxi between Budapest airport and Szechenyi Baths cost?
Is there a map with the most popular natural attractions on it?
Suggestions Regarding Roadtrip from Milwaukee to Niagara Falls
What parts of the Central or South Coast of California should I consider when looking for a surfing beach with beachfront hotels?
Electronics in sealed box as carry-on luggage: issues at security?
What are some unique opportunities and lodging in Siwa Oasis, Egypt?
How can I find Turkish truck stops in Greece?
Leaving airport international zone for a moment
Can you use a kindle as a boarding pass?
How can I travel via not-regularly-scheduled aircraft?
How strict is Lufthansa about pet carrier dimensions?
Round trip flight for me with wife sharing return flight only
K-18 tickets in Finland
Travelling using the Underground (the Tube) in London
Is it more expensive to buy airline tickets together than separate?
Under which conditions should I buy an extra ticket for my luggage on public transport in Sofia?
Refine an itinerary through Eastern Europe
Are dogs allowed on the Trans-Siberian railway?
Are there transport options in Costa Rica than can be shared between travelers?
How can I go to a thermal bath in Merano?
Backpacking in Europe for the first time
How long does my passport need to be valid after my return from the UK?
Best Time for Visiting the Curonian Spit
Accommodation for a large group in Cairns in November 2012
Can you suggest an interesting route from Spain to Switzerland for a 2-4 day journey?
Which is the cheapest ski resort in the Alps?
What museums and attractions in London offer interactive exhibits for blind people?
Is it cheaper to get to Cuba from Miami or Canc&#250;n?
How to find car rental companies in Kalibo, Philippines?
How should I schedule my medication when traveling through multiple time zones?
Inspection of over-packed bags
Is it safe to drive in Morocco if you don&#39;t understand Arabic?
Learn to sail in Sydney?
Is it cheaper to buy a tour to the Gal&#225;pagos Islands at home or when in Ecuador?
Via ferratas in Pyrenees
Should I book Thailand Rail tickets online (pre-trip) or at the station when I arrive?
Bath to London on Christmas Day
Free parking in Bath UK
What are the visa requirements for a Chinese citizen to visit Azerbaijan?
When is the best time to go shark diving in Cape Town (Gansbaai)
Where can I stay with a pool in room in north east USA?
How to insure professional equipment while traveling
What&#39;s the best way to learn differences in laws between countries?
Are there more mixed nudist baths like Friedrichsbad in Baden Baden in Europe?
What equipment do you need for a skiing trip?
How to deal with excess baggage?
Home exchange sites?
How much should I fear golden week in Japan?
Where to Buy Tram Tickets in Amsterdam
What rights do I have if my flight is cancelled?
Miles &amp; More: What is a booking class?
Cost of jeep / 4WD tours in Wadi Rum
Sending passport via post office to get visa
Where to buy Thai Bahts when traveling from New Zealand to Thailand?
Empty suitcase on flight
How common is it to find cappuccino in Thailand&#39;s coffee shops?
In Costa Rica - Invite Strangers to Dinner?
Is it safe to drink bubble tea in Hong Kong?
Any travel booking sites that let you search for a mixed itinerary?
Can I walk around in Cuba with a copy of my passport instead of the passport itself?
Bosnia during Easter
How to travel between castles in the Loire valley?
Getting to Australia from overseas cheaply and not by air?
Are there plans to reopen the cable cars / aerial tramways in Tbilisi Georgia?
User Group meetings in India?
Visiting a lounge in T1 at Dubai International Airport, during a layover at T3?
Activities in Montreal for a Bachelor party
How can I extend my stay in Europe for longer than 90 in 180 days?
Can I visit vineyards in Stellenbosch without booking a tour in advance?
Visiting Daintree Rainforest on an budget
Should I buy an around the world ticket from Australia or a nearby country?
Turtle-watching in Costa Rica and Panama in April
Drinking tap water in India
I&#39;ve been told one state in the US is the easternmost, westernmost and northernmost state. How to visit the points?
Is there travel insurance for missed flights?
Where can I eat a cobra (or any snake) in Hong Kong?
From whom can I buy travel insurance if I don&#39;t &quot;live&quot; anywhere?
Exchanging cold hard cash internationally for the best rate
Are there restrooms on trains in Israel?
What to expect at a Global Entry application interview?
What&#39;s the cheapest way to get from South Mumbai to the International Airport (BOM)?
What are the standard border checks when traveling between Warsaw and Berlin by various types of transit
How much does it add to a North America / Australia journey to go &quot;the wrong way&quot;?
Rent a rental car without a valid driving license?
Vietnam visa has wrong dates, ending too early
Where lies the closest tropical rain forest to Mainland Europe?
How to make the best use of signs while hitchiking?
From Here to Timbuktu - how do I get there?
Is it possible to cross the border from Morocco to Algeria?
Has the Stalin Musem in Batumi shut down for good or will it reopen?
Must-see places in Goa?
How are road charges collected in France?
Where to find free printable road maps/atlases online?
How to select the perfect travel hat
Issues when camping during trek in Georgia?
What type of tea is used in Central Asia, especially Uzbekistan?
The first time in Canada: Montreal, Toronto or Ottawa?
How to recognize fake Peruvian money?
What exactly is a open-jaw flight?
What is the safest way to travel from Hunza (North Pakistan) to Kashgar (West China)?
Is there a way to transfer from Phuket to Ko Phi Phi if you miss the 2:30pm ferry?
Do you earn miles for trips that you flew, but you didn&#39;t buy?
What is ticket reconfirmation and why does it exist?
What unusual means of public/share transportation exist around the world?
Is it easy to find milk in Laos?
How rigorous are Amtrak in enforcing luggage rules?
How expensive is Belgium?
Is there a Trappist brewery I can visit on a day trip from Ghent?
Which scenic road to take to the south of France?
How can I participate in group travel?
What are the best seat places to choose inside an international flight for economy class?
How many hours should I consider allowing to visit Suomenlinna and Seurasaari islands?
Do visits to conferences while a visiting scholar reset the 90 days under VWP?
Hot Springs around Bulgaria?
What&#39;s the preferable option to book a flight?
Are US citizens legally required to provide a current address on a US customs declaration?
Should one bring a power strip when travelling from the U.S. to Europe so that one won&#39;t have to get more than one power adapter?
What&#39;s the travel insurance definition of a war zone?
What is the earliest before a scheduled departure that you can get through a TSA checkpoint in a US airport?
Valid Indian visa in an expired passport
What are the typical meals in Japan?
Possible ways to find sponsor for world tour / adventure type trip around world
What is traveling for work to Saudi Arabia like?
I&#39;m Saudi, have got my Schengen visa and I&#39;d like to visit Bora Bora &quot;French Polynesia&quot;?
Light Shows in Europe
Travelling to &quot;Azawad&quot; - is it possible at present?
When does the 24 hour layover rule apply?
Are there any medical conditions I should be expecting after years of air-travel?
Can a pregnant woman travel on a cruise ship without restriction?
Do I need a transit visa in Heathrow as a Bolivian Citizen?
Where can I get an up-to-date list of destinations by overnight coach from London
What is the cheapest hostel in the world?
Avoiding tilting trains in Switzerland
Is the reciprocity fee for US citizens only charged if you arrive at Santiago International Airport?
How many accommodation types are recognized in German?
Can I use a power adapter designed for USA in Japan?
What&#39;s a cheap ski location to reach from Amsterdam (Netherlands)?
Does the hotel need to be fully prepaid before applying for a Swiss tourist visa?
Can I enter the USA as a visitor, while I wait for an H1-B visa?
Non-US citizen traveling between states
Fastest public elevator in the world
Which ATMs in Germany have the lowest fees for the foreign Visa debit cards?
Concentrated area of sight seeing opportunities in Bangkok, Thailand?
Flights to Greenland - seasonal ex-North America?
Crossing the Aranya Pratet/Poipet border
Does a 17 year old expat Israeli citizen need permission to visit Israel?
Biathlon World Cup in Russia: Sochi or Khanty-Mansiysk?
What is the current situation at Bokor Hill Station, Cambodia?
Is it possible see the interiors of the Dome of the Rock?
Machu Picchu in April: to reserve a tour or not to reserve?
On flying with a backpack with detachable shoulder and hip straps
Meeting westerners in northern India?
Do I have wifi on the main Peru bus companies, such as Cruz del Sur, Orme&#241;o or Oltursa?
Is it possible to obtain a Brazil visa without confirmed travel plans? (US citizen)
Can you receive an Australian passport stamp if you ask?
Can I connect through the USA with liquid duty-free purchases?
Is there a site that gives travelling opportunities in Europe if you don&#39;t care about the destination or the date?
Do I need to take any precautions regarding smog when travelling?
What clothing should I bring to Dubai during February?
What&#39;s the cheapest way to travel from Paris to Madrid by train?
Can you get from London to the French Alps by train, with no/minimal changes?
Tourist destinations from Frankfurt-Hahn airport besides Frankfurt
Is it safe to buy-and-forget prepaid SIM card with internet tariff in Germany?
Is it true that a &quot;dekoriert&quot;-sign means that naked women are dancing?
Can I get in trouble if, at customs, the police finds media files that I can&#39;t prove are mine?
Services to help disabled travelers when travelling, eg with accommodation in Canary Islands and travel from Russia
Can I get vaccinated in another country?
What extra benefits are there in getting travel insurance if I have a European Health Insurance Card (EHIC)?
From Athens to Tel Aviv by boat?
My current passport expires in June 2013, my American visa expires in June 2015. What should I do to travel to the US?
Iceland - Visiting fjords from Reykjav&#237;k in 1 day
Where does the MSCO Polaris actually go, and how do I travel with it?
Traveling aboard an ocean liner like in The Royal Tenenbaums?
What are the consequences of a US citizen overstaying a Schengen visa?
Are there trains without WC in the Netherlands?
What documentation do I need to file a police report for stolen company-owned equipment while traveling abroad?
How can I go to Cape Horn by boat in a cheap way?
Overtaking regulations when driving in Europe
How do I get the &#39;Paris Visite&#39; ticket?
Magnetic stripe or EMV (chip-and-pin) credit cards in France?
Climbing Adam&#39;s peak (Sri Pada) in Sri-Lanka
Could Legoland Windsor be considered a tourist attraction of London?
Offroad experience in Germany
Can go to Germany on all-year tires in winter?
Taxi ride from Lima airport to Miraflores
Do I need to keep petty cash on me for bribes in Zimbabwe?
How can I find out what the typical &quot;fast food&quot; is for a particular country?
I stamped my passport before international departure, but I want to cancel now!
What can I expect when bringing in my netbook to China?
Are there safe places to store luggage for a couple days in New Delhi?
Is it possible for a foreigner to drive through (mainland) China in a foreign-registered car?
Are there tours available from Seoul to the Korean Demilitarized Zone?
Is the Pilanesberg safari park worth to be a primary travel goal?
Is there a map that shows Austrian winter road closures?
Berlin to Munich in 5 Days
Can you have extra long transit times to explore a city?
The using of VPN on iPhone in China
How is the climate, the amount of tourists and events distributed through the year in Saint Petersburg, Russia?
Should I avoid Shanghai because of N7H9?
Are intercity trains in Sri Lanka generally on time?
Homestays and a driver in Sri Lanka - will accommodation be a problem?
Are there any boats from &#206;le Sainte-Marguerite to &#206;le Saint-Honorat?
How to get from Prague to Punkva caves and Macocha abyss?
What steps can you take to avoid being bumped from a flight?
Can you get back miles you didn&#39;t fly because you were rebooked on another Airline/Alliance?
Is it easier to unlock my phone and have it activated with a local provider in another country or to buy a local pay and talk phone?
Paris Pass, Paris City Passport, Paris Visite
How to book entire compartments on French night trains?
Safety [petty crimes, mostly] in Japan
Are there hostels in Guernsey?
Visa to Russia: tourist or business?
Which visa will I be entering under?
Do you need to submit an itinerary to get a Chinese visa? And do you have to stick to it?
Name (or search terms etc) for enhanced travel insurance for locations with travel warnings
Germanwings: Bumped off flight and rebooked for flight on next day. How to make claim?
Is there camping gear specifically designed to fit modern air traveling?
Can you still buy used panties in vending machines as a souvenir from Japan?
Transfer from Paris CDG to ORY
Factors to consider when travelling by car with a 1.5 year old baby in Europe?
Can you register a same-sex marriage while a tourist rather than a resident?
Taxi in rural area: how to ensure it will turn up?
Caravan travels, the rough way
Volunteering for an archaeological dig
United Airlines does not comply with baggage policy from IATA Resolution 302?
Can we share the Go Pass?
Do any passenger-carrying freighters connect Norway to North America through the Arctic?
Overview (map) of Russian long-distance river regular passenger ships in regions too remote for roads or railways
Cab company in Boston with child car seats?
Where can I exchange Georgian Lari in the United States?
What are the drawbacks of taking this window/aisle solo seat - 71A on Boeing 777-300ER?
Why doesn&#39;t British Airways sell six seats in the rear of the plane?
Do I need an airport transit visa through Switzerland (Schengen) if I have no Schengen visa?
How can two airlines have the same IATA code?
Where to eat cheap authentic laksa in Kuala Lumpur?
Is it permitted to ask questions of female sex workers in Thailand to be familiar with their real life as a tourist?
Can you travel &#39;above&#39; the control of a country?
Is it safe to use earbuds in an airplane?
Is there an &#39;ideal&#39; crossing between Michigan and Ontario?
How do I avoid snoring when sharing a room in a hostel or lodge?
Is it permitted to look for a job while visiting the US under the Visa Waiver Program?
Are there any countries where red clothing is frowned upon?
Are US visa applications still being processed under a partial government shutdown?
What is the difference between customs and immigration?
Where is the highest Bungee jump above sea?
Which mountain has the highest death ratio of hikers?
Could you actually get in trouble if you don&#39;t stick to the transport and accommodation stated in your visa application?
US immigration mix-up: will it cause problems on my next visit?
Open Banking account in the US for a foreign traveler
Is there a usable online map site for China?
How safe is it to fly with Ryanair?
Muslim Restaurants in Seoul South Korea
Besides Arab/Muslim countries re Israel, are there other countries which don&#39;t recognize passports of any other countries?
Can you get a refund on your Octopus Card deposit at Hong Kong airport?
Dubai (UAE) visa requirements when staying in the airport for a French citizen?
Which digits should I eliminate when giving my number to foreign travellers so as to not confuse them?
Can I visit tourist attractions while on Umrah/Hajj visa in Saudi Arabia?
What kind of power plug adapter do I need in Argentina and Chile?
Is it safe to drink tap water in New Zealand?
In which places in China can travellers not stay at just any random local hotel?
Travel time from Burj Khalifa observation deck to DXB Terminal 3 without taxi
How can I minimize the weight of the suitcase of my checked in luggage?
What are the differences between French road signs and American road signs?
Can you dive into Berlin&#39;s Radisson Blu Aquadom?
Renting a portable 3G hotspot at Istanbul airport?
Travel site that found the lowest-price tickets from your current location
Getting Schengen Visa with a French resident as sponsor
The lost colony of Roanoke site
Are prices on car rental comparison sites the &quot;real&quot; price?
How to choose where and how long to have my layover
Three Mile Island visit
Current state of Smoking in Paris
Are petrol prices in a USA state the same in every Petrol Station?
Options for sending a message while on a Shinkansen
How to dry clothes while travelling in winter?
Laptop/mobile device in countries with Sharia
Are there actually any hostels in Macau?
How to go about paying bills at home during an overseas trip?
Why do emergency oxygen systems on passenger planes have a bag that doesn&#39;t inflate?
Can you take only part of a cruise?
&quot;Circular&quot; hiking trails in Iceland?
How difficult is it to catch a taxi in Napa, California?
How much extra time should I reserve to enter the US from Canada with the Windsor-Detroit Tunnel Bus as a European VWP citizen?
Manual or Automatic transmission: Do rental companies let you choose which type of car you want to rent?
Is free camping permitted in Japan?
Is free camping permitted in the Faroe Islands?
How to dry yourself after using the hand shower in the toilets?
What&#39;s the quickest way from London Kings Cross to Euston, by foot or tube?
Iran visa after having visited Israel
Is there a POI file with lat/long of mailboxes in the EU?
Cheapest way to travel from Osaka Kansai airport to Kyoto and back?
Why don&#39;t they give you a sweet on take-off anymore?
What if my visa is refused after I already bought an air ticket?
Regular train service from Antananarivo to Antsirabe?
Is it possible to rent a Volkswagen T1/T2 in Iceland?
Why do international drivers licenses have limited validity?
Is there a direct flight from the west coast of North America to anywhere in India?
How does flying at high altitude affect the taste of wine?
How to know when to get on and off for transfers on Greyhound?
Do travel diapers exist for long bus/prop plane trips that don&#39;t have on board lavatories?
Do they serve sushi on flights?
Would travel by bus count as an onward ticket?
Are foreigners allowed to take a police ride-along in the US?
Is an entry to Mexico a red flag in U.S. immigration?
How do I create all-inclusive travel packages for a wedding?
Entering the US with US citizenship pending
As a French citizen, how long can I travel through Canada?
Travel with a Finnish and a Pakistani Passport
&quot;Only hand luggage is included&quot;
How well does T-Mobile&#39;s (US) Simple Choice plan work when in Europe?
Do USA States have reciprocal agreements for learner drivers&#39; permits?
Can I get high before I fly out of the Mile High city?
Dorm / Hostel: How to assert myself politely with roommates
Flights booked for 7 passengers, can the non-paying passenger cancel it?
How to find inter-country buses in Europe?
Visa services in time of War
What historic sights can I see in Oslo on a 4 hour train layover?
Can I take a bicycle on the Windsor/Detroit truck ferry?
What is the country of residence under the rules of the InterRail?
Can I ever get a Schengen visa again?
How/where to buy mixed-class tickets for a flight?
What popular western web services don&#39;t work in mainland China?
Knife carrying laws in China?
Is there a website with historical temperatures?
Traveling to the US with new passport, visa on the old one
Sources of Authenticated Official information about carrying camping gas canisters on UK public transport
Can my brother photograph my wedding as a tourist?
Are there any advantages to selecting the middle seat in an airplane?
Lost baggage, airline doesn&#39;t do anything
Why there is passport check at the check-in counter, immigration and even at the gate?
Flight ticket reimbursement after Travel Warning
Does American Airlines ask passengers to present credit cards during check-in?
Depart US through Mexico while on B1/B2 Visitor visa - how US will know I did not overstay?
Zippered travel sheets that open flat with a pillow insert that are machine-washable?
How should you drive on rush-hour lanes (&quot;Spitsstrook&quot;) in the Netherlands if they are open?
Barbecuing in a public park in Athens
When the Edinburgh tram isn&#39;t running, is there an official alternative from the airport?
If you&#39;re evacuated on a flight paid for by your government (eg civil unrest, volcanic ash delays), are you ever entitled to the frequent flyer miles?
Visa rules regarding travel back to the UK with wife I married abroad
Is a bullet train from Tokyo to Mount Fuji feasible in a 15 hour layover?
Finding sleepover spots in internet cafes in Japan?
Knife and fork handed back for next course; customary in France?
Using restroom on airplane while fasten seatbelt light is on?
Why do some ferries (like Liverpool to Dublin) only allow passengers with a vehicle?
Can I use couchsurfing as as proof of accommodation for a Schengen visa?
Train Journey into Croatia from Italy
Is a male guardian required for women skiing in Iran?
Meeting someone at the airport gate in the US?
Is it currently possible to travel directly between the different parts of &quot;Kurdistan&quot; which lie within different countries?
Bumping into people on the street in the UK
What is the highest altitude town or village with accommodation in Cambodia?
How to deter theft of checked baggage at baggage carousels?
Obtaining insulin in Colombia as a foreign tourist
Identifing city (and buildings) below Mount Fuji
When driving in Belgium, what equipment is mandatory to have in a car registered in another country?
Are there public bath etiquette to be aware of in Japan for foreign women?
What are Android and/or iOS apps for public transit directions in Istanbul, Turkey?
Are there drinking water fountains airside at London City Airport?
Do I need to change my ESTA address when visiting the US again?
Is an open-ended ticket more practical than a one-way ticket for touring China?
What is good accommodation for festival (camp or hostel)?
What are some Caribbean cruises for October?
Does Singapore Airlines offer any reward seats on their EWR-SIN route?
Sightseeing the USA by air
Can I upgrade only a portion of my ticket with miles on Singapore Air (SQ)?
Hodophobia ... Scared of doing things or going to places that is dangerous
Eco touring/diving in Malaysia
Language schools that teach Mayan languages around Lake Atlitlan, Guatemala?
LAX to Anaheim - how much slower is the Super Shuttle than a cab?
Best way to go from Sepang KLIA to downtown Kuala Lumpur?
Is dengue fever still on the rise in Mexico or is it subsiding?
What are the rules/regulations for public transit passengers in St. Louis, Missouri?
Are there ferry companies that visit the Norwegian fjords?
Water tests during travelling
In the US, what&#39;s a good prepaid GSM SIM card without a phone?
What is the minimum passport expiry period when travelling to USA on an ESTA authorization from a previous visit?
Khojand to Dushanbe - cost vs danger?
Picking up Greyhound bus tickets from a different station than origin
Shoes for long flight
How to book courier flights (discounted fare in exchange for delivering a package upon arrival)?
Downloadable maps of China
Transit visa on arrival in Kazakhstan
Overland route from the Caucasus to Mongolia without entering Russia?
Is it possible to apply for a Chinese visa while travelling outside your home country?
Is it possible to visit Abkhazia by land from Georgia?
Elm, Switzerland - Suvorov monument and Glarus thrust
Is there any similar alternative to Zanzibar, in Tanzania?
Transit visa in Chinese airports?
How can I find short-term private room accommodations in London?
Getting from Victoria Falls airport to town
In the Loire Valley, are there any &quot;arty&quot; caves that can be visited?
Does the Disney Dining plan impose any restrictions on the food I can order?
Name this church in Moscow, please?
Travelling in Sri Lanka - Advice on taxis and accomodation
What are some ways to minimize the time spent in customs?
Travelling to Israel - help to divide time between areas
Non-EU countries covered under travel insurance plans for Europe
How to find the duration of stay in Singapore for Pakistani passport?
Itinerary for Galilee and the Golan
How should I prepare for a visit to the rice terraces?
Southern California nature day trips?
Driving Toronto To Vancouver through the states, places to stay/see
Three days in Montenegro, looking for good beaches, where should we go?
Darwin to Timor by boat
How much should a taxi cost from the Romania border to the centre of Ruse, Bulgaria?
My flight back takes off in late evening and might be delayed - which departure date do I specify?
How do I ensure I do not pay out money for tickets that are not usable for other reasons?
Zadar to Split by Any Means Possible
What happens if RFID system in my &quot;biometric&quot; travel passport malfunctions when I cross the border?
Buses from Plovdiv, Bulgaria to Istanbul, Turkey
Turning off GPS on a flight?
Is there a global online resource for campsites?
Can I take multiple cars into Mexico from the U.S.?
Is it possible to build up malaria and dengue resistance?
Camping around Toronto, Ontario for the new year weekend
Where can you park a camper in Munich?
How to research facilities/ratings of US airport lounges online?
Are there any perks/discounts for travelling as a couple on Air France?
What counts as a &quot;visit&quot; for immigration forms?
Can you travel to the US 6 months before your tourist visa expires?
What is the average temperature in Kochi during mid-October?
How does the Southwest Airlines boarding process work?
What is the difference between primary coverage and secondary coverage on a travel insurance policy?
What&#39;s a good gift to bring from Sweden for people I couchsurf with?
How can I book the interrail passholder Eurostar fare?
What is the cheapest method to get a flight from Australia to New Zealand?
What is the best company to go through for climbing Mt. Rainier?
Does the Interrail pass cover trains between Paris Gare du Nord and Franconville?
How should I go about finding the Albanian national dish, tav&#235; kosi?
Exiting Vancouver airport during a flight connection with New Zealand passport
Are there some bargain accommodations along the land route from the southern tip of Albania to Thessaloniki?
Can I cross the Albania/Greece border on foot?
Do you need seperate visa for your children if they are registered in your passport
What&#39;s the absolute cheapest accommodation in Ioannina Greece?
Is there a site like Jetsetter for France/Europe?
What are the best day-trips for a single traveler staying in Cairo?
