Quality of VHS converted to DVD
Camera randomly re-connects to PC
Can&#39;t Import Video with Alpha to Premiere
Simple video animation for teaching purpose
AE - Composition video file/layer missing audio
recording multiple video feed with timecode/genlock in sync with motion capture system
How to get the highest possible quality out of a MP4 file
How can I preview with audio in After Effects and be able to pause / resume the preview?
Opaque overlay becomes transparent when fading out both video tracks in Sony Vegas
Determining original resolution of an upscaled digital image?
Can I record directly to a computer with the HC-V250?
Video with breakpoints for Keynote presentation
How do i do this shot?
ffmpeg: mute first 2 seconds in all audio streams
How can I preview with audio in After Effects (but be able to pause and resume)?
vary the color of repeated shape in After Effects
what are the elements of a lavaliere mic system?
Output via Compressor comes with bad quality audio (no problem via Share of FCPX)
HDMI/DVI capture/recording hardware?
Discrepancy between VirtualDub CPU usage and Task Manager, Lag resulting
Equipment &amp; Software for video bridge (video link) event
Premier Pro producing a 4 hour video that&#39;s corrupted
Keeping metadata (time/date) when extracting frames from video
Player support for video DVD stored on a CD-R?
How can I stay motivated and become more productive as a video editor?
Get effect to overcome image size [After Effects]
MP4s skip when put into lightworks
Video editing with text to speech
How do I convert a series of PNGs into an AVI using Avidemux?
HTML5 background video encoding settings
For a given bitrate, what video resolution is perceived as the highest quality?
How can I increase the resolution of a mobile clip?
Why is MP4 black background gray in Internet Explorer 11?
Why does video rendering begin at the top left corner of the screen?
Remove text from advertising boards
Video software to add video effects similar to Apple&#39;s Photo Booth
OBS (Encoding X264) fails
Is there a program that can change monitor color temperature for lighting?
ffmpeg mute specific time
What is the function of buffer size and what value should it have?
Is it ok to edit a public domain speech?
Compare an original video with a transferred video?
My audio quality decreases after rendering in Premiere Pro CC
Animating stills in After Effects
link multiple audio tracks to one video track in Premiere CC
See project elements when working in a comp
How to encode apple ProRes on windows or linux?
How to deal with this heavily underexposed footage
Problem with video playback of AVI (Xvid) on Sony BDP-S186 [solved]
jvc recorder .ced file
AE - Imported mp4 seems to be missing audio
How can I determine the publishing point for streaming an HTTP stream to Adobe Media Server 5?
Live Video on Website from Analog cameras
iPhone 6 Video Pulse
Newbie Question - speed of footage lags in Premier
What are the essentials for a livestream training room?
Adding metadata for films/TV shows on Linux
Is Blender smarter than final cut pro?
How to extract Xtra atom from MP4 file?
How to mount microphone and recorder on the DSLR?
Is a 1/2.3&quot; sensor good enough for tv?
Importing iphone slow mo footage into final cut pro
How to delete folders from Library &gt; Gradients in Motion 5
Convert MTS 1080/60p to MP4 1080/60p
Record a live lecture from one room and stream it live to two other televisions
how can video clips be merged in Corel Video Studio Pro x7?
Downsampling 4K footage for an increase in chroma sub-sampling
Add path operation to multiple shape layers
What should I use to record me playing guitar and singing,
Putting a Lower bitrate of my video stream in my current mp4 container
.wmv audio and .mov video out of sync
Screen capture AND audio recording in ffmpeg
How to avoid sluggish UI in FCPX - more CPU, GPU, RAM or what?
How do I author a playable DVD from an MKV file containing MPEG2 video, audio, subtitle and chapter streams?
Can I use Garageband on Mac to add harmony audio to a video?
Wireless HDMI setup for live event
Specify a custom &quot;Movie rec. size&quot; on Canon Rebel
Multivideo player with histograms?
How can we monitor audio of subject using headphone while recording video using iphone or samsung galaxy s4?
Audio noise reduction: how does audacity compare to other options?
How to burn timestamp onto video?
Automated/Scripted Video Editing
Ripped DVD Video Playback Stutters, original DVD does not
How to force Adobe Media Encoder to use 100% CPU and memory?
camera flashing in film
Automatically sync text to video for subtitles
Handbrake CLI command not working
Unable to concatenate videos due to identical MOOV atoms
why movie video is different from other videos (sports, news, or other)
How do I make a news-like lower third in kdenlive?
Copying h.264 video from TS into MP4 changes frame rate and time
How to do picture in picture with Premier Pro Multicamera
Why does digital cinema focus on prime lenses?
How to match output parameters with input ones in Adobe Premiere?
Grading Colour To Black And White In Davinci Resolve
How to do &lt;=1 Hz timelapse photography with Canon 7D?
Free Royalty Free Stock Footage
Avconv rotating mpeg4 - video loses quality
iPhone 5s and Premiere Pro Cs6
Correct lens distortion with ffmpeg
Quality of VHS converted to DVD
Camera randomly re-connects to PC
Can&#39;t Import Video with Alpha to Premiere
Simple video animation for teaching purpose
AE - Composition video file/layer missing audio
recording multiple video feed with timecode/genlock in sync with motion capture system
How to get the highest possible quality out of a MP4 file
How can I preview with audio in After Effects and be able to pause / resume the preview?
Opaque overlay becomes transparent when fading out both video tracks in Sony Vegas
Determining original resolution of an upscaled digital image?
Can I record directly to a computer with the HC-V250?
Video with breakpoints for Keynote presentation
How do i do this shot?
ffmpeg: mute first 2 seconds in all audio streams
How can I preview with audio in After Effects (but be able to pause and resume)?
vary the color of repeated shape in After Effects
what are the elements of a lavaliere mic system?
Output via Compressor comes with bad quality audio (no problem via Share of FCPX)
HDMI/DVI capture/recording hardware?
Discrepancy between VirtualDub CPU usage and Task Manager, Lag resulting
Equipment &amp; Software for video bridge (video link) event
Premier Pro producing a 4 hour video that&#39;s corrupted
Keeping metadata (time/date) when extracting frames from video
Player support for video DVD stored on a CD-R?
How can I stay motivated and become more productive as a video editor?
Get effect to overcome image size [After Effects]
MP4s skip when put into lightworks
Video editing with text to speech
How do I convert a series of PNGs into an AVI using Avidemux?
HTML5 background video encoding settings
For a given bitrate, what video resolution is perceived as the highest quality?
How can I increase the resolution of a mobile clip?
Why is MP4 black background gray in Internet Explorer 11?
Why does video rendering begin at the top left corner of the screen?
Remove text from advertising boards
Video software to add video effects similar to Apple&#39;s Photo Booth
OBS (Encoding X264) fails
Is there a program that can change monitor color temperature for lighting?
ffmpeg mute specific time
What is the function of buffer size and what value should it have?
Is it ok to edit a public domain speech?
Compare an original video with a transferred video?
My audio quality decreases after rendering in Premiere Pro CC
Animating stills in After Effects
link multiple audio tracks to one video track in Premiere CC
See project elements when working in a comp
How to encode apple ProRes on windows or linux?
How to deal with this heavily underexposed footage
Problem with video playback of AVI (Xvid) on Sony BDP-S186 [solved]
jvc recorder .ced file
AE - Imported mp4 seems to be missing audio
How can I determine the publishing point for streaming an HTTP stream to Adobe Media Server 5?
Live Video on Website from Analog cameras
iPhone 6 Video Pulse
Newbie Question - speed of footage lags in Premier
What are the essentials for a livestream training room?
Adding metadata for films/TV shows on Linux
Is Blender smarter than final cut pro?
How to extract Xtra atom from MP4 file?
How to mount microphone and recorder on the DSLR?
Is a 1/2.3&quot; sensor good enough for tv?
Importing iphone slow mo footage into final cut pro
How to delete folders from Library &gt; Gradients in Motion 5
Convert MTS 1080/60p to MP4 1080/60p
Record a live lecture from one room and stream it live to two other televisions
how can video clips be merged in Corel Video Studio Pro x7?
Downsampling 4K footage for an increase in chroma sub-sampling
Add path operation to multiple shape layers
What should I use to record me playing guitar and singing,
Putting a Lower bitrate of my video stream in my current mp4 container
.wmv audio and .mov video out of sync
Screen capture AND audio recording in ffmpeg
How to avoid sluggish UI in FCPX - more CPU, GPU, RAM or what?
How do I author a playable DVD from an MKV file containing MPEG2 video, audio, subtitle and chapter streams?
Can I use Garageband on Mac to add harmony audio to a video?
Wireless HDMI setup for live event
Specify a custom &quot;Movie rec. size&quot; on Canon Rebel
Multivideo player with histograms?
How can we monitor audio of subject using headphone while recording video using iphone or samsung galaxy s4?
Audio noise reduction: how does audacity compare to other options?
How to burn timestamp onto video?
Automated/Scripted Video Editing
Ripped DVD Video Playback Stutters, original DVD does not
How to force Adobe Media Encoder to use 100% CPU and memory?
camera flashing in film
Automatically sync text to video for subtitles
Handbrake CLI command not working
Unable to concatenate videos due to identical MOOV atoms
why movie video is different from other videos (sports, news, or other)
How do I make a news-like lower third in kdenlive?
Copying h.264 video from TS into MP4 changes frame rate and time
How to do picture in picture with Premier Pro Multicamera
Why does digital cinema focus on prime lenses?
How to match output parameters with input ones in Adobe Premiere?
Grading Colour To Black And White In Davinci Resolve
How to do &lt;=1 Hz timelapse photography with Canon 7D?
Free Royalty Free Stock Footage
Avconv rotating mpeg4 - video loses quality
iPhone 5s and Premiere Pro Cs6
Correct lens distortion with ffmpeg
When nesting clip, how to make new sequence same resolution as clip instead of original sequence?
CUDA video card
Is WonderShare&#39;s video editor a viable alternative to Camtasia Studio?
Even though Apple Motion is used with FCP could I still use it with iMovie?
Why reencode MP4 to MOV for &quot;easy post processing&quot;?
How to add gradient transparency mask in final cut pro x?
Edius can&#39;t open avi video created by Sony camera
How to correct aspect ratio
What lighting setup is recommended to achieve a purple atmosphere in an indoor hall
I Finished My Film. How to Get It to Theatres?
After Effects: Create an isometric/orthographic Camera
how to blur a short scene in a video
Remove audio from video annotation in ActivePresenter
Detect GoPro camera model from MP4
Is there any method to create an audio visualizer as seen in video below
Stream Screen from one machine and webcam from another
How to set up a 3-screen video installation to sync correctly?
Bulk adding text to videos
using -force_key_frames in ffmpeg with libx265
Premier Elements &quot;Time Slider&quot; in Premier Pro
What to make: a film, short film, series, web series?
Creating menu for a video file (not for DVD)
Is it possible to speed up footage by more than 4x in Sony Vegas Movie Studio?
Fair use of short clips from movie that I bought
Any free or cheap soft for video composing
Nested Sequence that plays fine alone shows up as entirely black in Master Sequence
How to get FFMPEG output the same quality as Vimeo?
After Effects: Parent a Camera&#39;s position to a Null-Object with specific Off-Set
Adobe Media Encoder 2014.2 Part of audio missing in mp4 AAC rendered files - cache problem?
Plugin for generating the entire audio waveform seekbar?
A device or a method for comparing original and transferred video
Lossless screen-recording software
ffmpeg Color conversion - 709 to 601
Adobe Premiere Pro CC editing/playback performance
Darwin Streaming Server 6.0.3 won&#39;t send Closed Caption track
Non-hacked GH2 compared to modern cameras
Split subtitles to line up ends of files?
Capturing VHS tapes
Why does parameter round in ffmpeg&#39;s cropdetect default to 16?
Looking for a Video Program/Feature that allows smooth frame-to-frame skipping (when moving progress bar)
Sync up ffmpeg `rawvideo` recording and Audacity ALSA recording
Little skip in webm videos joined with mkvmerge
Ingesting professional sony beta and sx tape into iMac thru Canopus ADVC 110
How can I find duplicate videos from a large set of videos of varying formats?
How to color grade video from a GoPro and a GH2 using FCPX
Why does premiere perform so badly when it shouldn&#39;t?
gopro hd/tv out cable
Adobe Encore/Premier quick and dirty/shortcut to make DVD
Transfer project from one application to another
Are these beginner&#39;s paid-for programs comparable?
2 videos out of sync
Merging 2 video input source into 1 output
Keyboard shortcut for &quot;Add clip to conversion list&quot; in GoPro Studio?
Video compiled in Lightworks has fuzzy audio
Adobe Premiere Pro CC aspect ratio streched
Software that exports into multiple formats and sizes?
Best presets to scale legacy 4:3 and 5:4 videos using ffmpeg
Encode settings for HTML5 background video
Color Temperature, Contrast, Brightness, and Saturation
Using PTZ Optics 20x-IP with BlackMagic ATEM Studio 4k
Lossy output with FFMPEG JPEG 2000
Why does a bright video feed send more data than a dark one?
Converting container or transcode movies to iPhone from command line (os x)
How to live feed video from a Nikon D3200 to a Mac?
Syncing Shogun Footage with PluralEyes?
How to import clips from one project into another in Adobe Premiere?
How can I know if a video has been manipulated/staged/faked?
What&#39;s the difference between Behringer XENYX 1202FX and the Behringer Eurorack UB1202FX?
Which mic to buy for amatour dslr video shooting: R&#216;DE VideoMic vs. Zoom H1?
MXF files in Premiere Pro cs5 mac only playing/dispaying audio
How to Extract Subtitle on Apple Homepage
Live video and sound recording (NOT from a security camera) sent to a remote server
FCPX - Large MXF being broken into smaller files
Why isn&#39;t ffmpeg used in movie production or broadcasting tool chains?
How to add Letterbox to the Video I have shot?
What means &quot;Data: Skeleton&quot; in an .ogv file?
How to extract MOOV atom/metadata from MP4 file?
How come my Adobe Illustrator file doesn&#39;t show up in After Effects?
How does one &quot;convey&quot; a news article in a movie?
Lavalier vs. cardioid mic for low-budget amateur DSLR video recording?
Which (video game) recording program fits for these criteria?
Is it possible to select particular portion of a video in adobe premiere pro?,
What is the least noticable way to re-stream a video to Twitch?
Is H.264 subject to exploits / are some H.264 codecs subject to exploits?
Frames with pict_type=I yet key_frame=0
Is it possible to control GoPro recording without the official app?
How to encode 60p MP4 video to play on TVs?
After affects transition help
FCPX Cross dissolve sometimes causes jump on stabilized video
Bad yet good framerate after exporting through Media Encoder
Compositing a compound clip with transitions in FCP X
GoPro Studio Editing HD Videos
What are the key PC specs for best editing HD videos?
flv rtmp url for video-js
After Effects Ratio Error When Using Puppet Tool
Recording streaming video from my computer
Video in After Effects composition panel is pixelated during scrubbing
What can be done with .CPI or .clpi files?
What portion of m2t video file size is audio?
Which video editing software should I use for youtube videos?
How to shoot a scene of someone riding a bike?
How do I edit video footage from an interview?
What happens when there is a &quot;movie within a movie&quot; or a &quot;film within a film.&quot;
Corrupted video (Green/pink) on Premiere Pro CS6 in Win8.1 Pro 64bit but not on Mac OS Yosemite
Free software for creating fMRI film paradigm
Color Correcting &amp; Color Grading
Combining high res photo with low res video in a static shot
Http Live Streaming for beginners
Export video marks and regions
Split one video file into small files made up of its scenes
Creating text graphics from a data feed
What does a phantom technician do on a production set and why would a director need one?
can&#39;t import AVI type 1 to premiere CS6
How to keyframe a crop in Premiere Pro CC
How was this magic smoke animation done?
Does version control have a part in the video production workflow?
CPU vs. GPU in a MacPro
Do I need an STM lens for face detection live video with Canon?
What is best practice to manage “all evening” recording to allow improvements to propagate into different videos using it?
How to change active camera in after effects ( or render a different camera )
What software is available for recording in 1/60 FPS?
Exporting to multiple formats
3D layers not affected by camera zoom in After Effects
Which would be the best VFX software for an absolute beginner?
How do I turn audio into video (that is, show the waveforms in a video)?
How would I remove a specific pattern (say, every n-n+59th frame) of frames from a lengthy video file?
Adobe encore - Highlight button with image
Can H264 achieve &quot;equivalence&quot; with ProRes 422?
How to specify CRF quality settings for different encoding software
What is the best arrangement of lights to create a warm atmosphere in a small room?
What types of cables support closed captioning?
Setting timecode in Premiere Pro by using file creation date of clips
Embedded Timed Text for closed-captioning? Is that possible?
Playing back a video file with an optional time sequence
Read audio Markers/Regions in Premiere?
How to start a freelance editing company?
What are ways to show phone conversations?
How is &quot;definition&quot; (SD, HD, UHD) actually defined?
Merging mp4 video stream with subtitles for use in creating DVD
When do you use the Easy Setup in FCP 7
I have a TS file. How do I render it?
Changing playback speed by changing frame rate
Adobe Premiere preview video lagging
Premiere vs Vegas performance in i7 CPU?
Cross-dissolve in real time between end and start point of looping clip
How to improve sense of timing in motion graphics
How to make direct to home dvd movie?
How can I mix a video in Full HD (1920 x 1080) with a vid in HD (1280 x 720)
Automatic motion blur in video editor?
Recording Screens From Multiple Perspectives With Voices and Computer Audio
Animating between mask paths in After Effects
what software &amp; How to Synchronize sequence pictures with audio and make it a video just like gif image
Variable Bitrates for Streaming?
Constant streaming to a web server
Is it possible to merge two or more videos in real-time like this?
ffmpeg split file retains original length
Is it possible to convert output of TV Channel (set top box 720p) to 1080p?
ffmpeg capture audio in raw format
Burn ASS subtitle onto MKV without any quality loss
Razor all clips in timeline underneath in/out points
How to copy current timecode to clipboard in Final Cut Pro 7?
Merge two transparent webm videos with ffpeg
Is it possible to raise H.264&#39;s QP without fully re-encoding the video?
How can I record video clips on intervals automatically?
ffmpeg drawtext clipping to a bounding box
Premiere Custom Dip To Black Transition
How to convert 25p to ntsc dvd?
Acceptable to adjust colour levels dynamically
Automatic Motion Detection in existing GoPro video files
Faster deinterlacing with ffmpeg and yadif
repeat crossfade in a sequence of images
YouTube&#39;s 60fps runs smoother than games?
Equipment for documenting an adventure journey
How would I wirelessly broadcast a Coax signal?
Marshall Video Cameras and BMD ATEM
How to animate the outlines of text (After Effects)
How Can I Trim A CDNG
How to downsample 4k to 1080p using ffmpeg while maintaining the quality?
How do I make titles look like they are in the room as an object?
Waving flag in After Effects from vector
lift adobe premiere ram allocation limit?
Picture in picture for my face while recording video games
How long should the maximum length of an exr sequence be?
How to change the pace of imported mov video clip in after effects
Why there are no full lenght independent cartoon animated movies created in Blender?
How can I save the project for premiere cs 5.5?
A distortion in video file appear after move it from server to server
Exported MOV from Flash Pro with alpha channel doesn&#39;t retain transparency
4k video in timeline not smooth on scrub + playback in Adobe Premiere Pro CS6
Can I use h.264 codec inside .mp4 container for my website
Producing and streaming to a local Network
What is the best universal video format / extension so that it can be viewed on iPad and PCs
Looking for a video player hardware that loops seamlessly
What&#39;s the minimum software for reliably live-streaming a conference?
How to compress video size without losing quality or resolution?
How to create 3D video from two separate stereo images?
Overlay an image onto live video feed
Synchronise in Premier Pro
What do I need to learn in order to repair an ogv or ogg video that is defective? Where to start?
Places to look for sound tracks for videos
How to cut out pauses and unneeded places from video in Adobe Premiere?
Change output using a .jsx script for After Effects CS6
best software for multicam video production
Why is Adobe Media Encoder so slow?
Matching audio levels across multiple clips
No change to mask when parent&#39;s source text size changes
Linux - looking for a way to produce analog effects for video
Looking for advice on lighting my set
Poor and low quality on import/render Adobe Premiere
Free video editing software
After Effects: Apply motion tracking to a scaled layer
Using GoPro Studio to edit non-GoPro videos
What&#39;s the best way to video chess/go/baduk/weiqi board from above (i.e. top down view)?
Overlay a photo in Windows Movie Maker
Battlestar Galactica Style Lens Flare?
Metal particle Hi8 tape degradation
Motion tracking in very shaky footage?
Can I use FFMPEG in a commercial product
Hick-ups when I make mpeg2 export (Premiere ProCS5)
Trimming mp4 videos
MP4 / h.264 patent issues?
Correcting exposure flickering in time-lapse footage (in After Effects)
Photoshop Layer Blending Goes Away When Imported into After Effects
Is there a standard target level for spoken audio in a tutorial video?
Converting from 3/4&quot; video to digital.
Hardware requirements for multiple TV channels (cable TV) digitization
Transferring old metal particle Hi8 tapes
How much disk space does 1 mini DV tape digitised in HDV take?
How to digitise old NTSC home videos for highest quality (with PAL player)?
What kind of storage for digital footage?
Remove light reflection from eyes
Post production automated addition of text
How to render MP4 using After Effects Script with Adobe Media Encoder
Audio randomly cuts out for remainder of clip - Adobe Premier Elements 11
how to convert container format for a video file without re-encoding
How can loop animations with a different start and end point in after effects?
How to stitch images from DIY panorama video rig with 3 canon 60d&#39;s?
Warp stabilizer in Premiere Pro cuts off most of the image
Corrupt images, when capturing from multiple cameras using the V4L2 API
Avidemux output to youtube
Which different EDL types exist?
share desktop to laptop to stream from laptop
How to do mpeg/mpg to mov lossless convertion?
How can I merge/link two video clips in Premiere?
Premultiplication issue with two jpeg sequences
Interpolate Effects in After Effects
What is the difference between ffmpeg and ffmbc now?
Stitching 2 videos into one (like panoramic photos)
Audio Sounds Like It&#39;s Skipping in Lightworks
Are there only a few standard video frame rates?
how to add video title without re-encoding the video
Sharp drop in FPS while recording
How to resolve Shearing issue while rotating image in Adobe After Effects?
sync separate audio to video+bad-camera-audio, free NLE recommendations
How do I alter just the framerate of a VP9 webm without affecting anything else?
How to trigger multiple canon cameras at the same time?
How to compile FFmpeg with libfdkaac into a single static binary?
How to animate a solid face in a video
How to create light wall of letters?
Timelapse on after effects
Search mpeg / avi frames in linux
After Effects expression - define two positions, tween back and forth
Correct font properties for subtitles
Black and white moving character in a color video
Video editing workflow : Shall I export small sub clips as individual files from the main clip before final output?
Nuke particles escaping bounce node with geometry input
Cleaning matte - remove areas smaller than x pixels?
Object moving to a position I didn&#39;t specify
Why processor is &quot;better&quot; for encoding than GPU?
I wish to make short clips for my website from existing Final Cut shows
Stock footage creative commons license
Lagging after render in Movie Maker?
&quot;Video Filter missing&quot; in Adobe Premiere
Dose Sony DVD Architect support Arabic subtitle
mistake importing footage
Does the Sampling Rate affect the syncing process to a video source?
Video with person &#39;writing on glass&#39; effect
Configuration sufficient for HD video editing
Please tell me which tool I have to use to create a video?
Premiere Elements &quot;Debug Event&quot;: Keyframe error
Duplicate layers X times and move 1 frame each time
Embedded HD video looks fuzzy on full screen but fine at Vimeo
ConvertXtoDVD5 saying Project size is too big
Video archive solution
Burn .mkv to a .dvd for playback on DVD player while retaining multiple tracks?
How to deal with Youtube making videos &#39;pinkish&#39;?
Issues importing iStock comps into After Effects
Premiere Garbage Mask Not Rendering Correctly
How can I create Motion titles with fixed-length transitions?
after effects how to Zoom-in but keep same size (zooming and cropping)
I&#39;m having trouble scaling strokes in After Effects
Closed shapes with Newton 2
Orbits in After Effects
Selectively blur many but not all of the faces in a video
Video noise and harsh shadows on green screen caused by feet
Footprint or breadcrumb animation
Power for lav mic plugged into a Zoom H5?
Whats the best video camera for shooting weddings and Docs?
Workflow for Adobe Premiere?
Importing VOB from DVD results in squeezed image
What is the most compatible compression/Codec to in Handbrake use for video that will be played in Chrome and Safari browsers?
How do I build a circle which serves as a particle attracter using After Effects Trapcode Particular?
Need to reach a low data rate of about 1.5 - 2 MB/min (200 - 267 kb/s)
How to losslessly encode a jpg image sequence to a video in ffmpeg?
What is the ffmpeg filter equivalent of &quot;Automatic levels&quot; for colors?
How to remove an object (Tooth) in After Effects
Premiere Pro CC 2014 renders incredibly slow / Cineform
encoding 4:2:2 in 10-bit with libx264
How can I capture/convert HDMI from an HDCP protected input?
Equipment for video recording in a florescent lighted classroom
How to get FFMPEG to join non-sequential image files? (skip by 3s)
1080p60 recording has very strong compression artifacts, default Neat Video not reducing them much
Why are some of my videos I just uploaded to Youtube in HD and some aren&#39;t?
Most-efficient inexpensive way to speed/slow video track to sync with audio track?
Batch processing individual frames into video
how to make a video that shows data parsed from xml file or database?
Do video formats support colour profiles?
Good Intermediate Format for Combining Videos
Best Lossless Video Encoder For Editing
Recording of Lectures: Tips for compressing video with mostly still images
Lossless conversion of yuv420p10le to yuv420p
Recovering severely underexposed video
Lossless Editing by Combining Clips with FFmpeg x264
After Effects - How to avoid annoying gradations if I render a mp4?
Video Encoding - Wasting Space
Is reencoding a YUV 4:2:0 video in a 4:2:0 colour space lossless?
animating a line that is a 3d layer in after-effects
Adobe Premiere - Restore Audio to A/V Clip After Deleting
How can I crop a video with ffmpeg?
Blu-Ray authoring on an Apple Mac
Is it feasible to manually implement chroma keying?
Changing the aspect ratio of a video
Equipment needed to record sound when filming an interview with two people
Film a 3D video using Genlock cameras or LANC?
Layer dimensions in after effects
How to display static image if the input stream ends using ffmpeg?
Is there a program for automatic clip creation from scene detection/recognition result?
big Premiere project with many clips - is it better to storyboard on paper first?
Flocking birds with Nuke-X Particles
Premiere Pro CC 2014: Select multiple items in media browser
iOS 8 Video Editing App That Lets You Hear The Audio While Trimming?
How to apply an offset to one axis only in 3D space for linked expression position?
How is laserdisc information physically stored on the disc?
Adobe Media Encoder Flicker Issue
Trimming MLV or CDNG Footage
Good free m2ts to mp4 converter?
Add image under the video with ffmepg
Video desyncs with the audio over time
Any m2ts optimizer under Linux?
How to create a light wall in after effects?
Is it possible to relight filmed footage with NUKE or After Effects?
Converting MLV to Prores
How do I correctly use an ACES workflow with CinemaDNG footage in Davinci Resolve?
Is there a way to parent an objects position to another objects position in Nuke, so they move parallel to each other?
Can not render After Effects CC project as mp4 / h.264 any more?
Import subtitles from spreadsheet into Aegisub?
Different luminosity between preview and render on Sony Vegas 13
Sony Vegas default chroma key seem to shift blue colors
Why does my still camera stop recording video on its own?
Premiere Pro PC timeline only plays for a few frames and then no Audio after installing Miraizon DNxHD / ProRes Codec
Open source Video editing software for subtitling unicode
1080/25p bitrate 15.7Mbps vs 10.4Mbps
Light, compact, and &lt; $100 tripod with pan head
Changing aperture within a single video clip
The ideal wood for the DIY slate?
Linux command-line option to do video lens correction?
Thousands of frames per second?
Batch add audio to video - Adobe?
I&#39;m looking to make a Nuke expression: I want the maximum value of an animation curve of another node
Video encoders that display frame with most movement
What is a non-encoding lossless h.264 AVC editor? (other than avidemux which is buggy)
Why deshaken video looks &quot;wobbly&quot; and how to fix it
How to make MP4 and MPG-2 720 x 1280 videos? (aspect ratio 9:16)
How do I get screen captures from VLC to import properly into Premiere?
Programs to improve audio quality?
Video format to get my comp to export under 50Kb
Do cartoon creators have to pay software owners?
Can I multiply 3D cards in a Nuke 3d scene on top of each other, like i can multiply layers in After Effects?
How to configure crtmpserver for live streaming?
Create a DIY Green Screen / Chroma Key
I&#39;m having trouble with using a NAS with After Effects
How to convert a .m4v video/audio file to .mp4 on Windows-7, for free
Is there a way to directly save DNG Sequences to 16bit exr Sequences in Photoshop or After Effects?
Captured video in Adobe Premiere - is the next step to make subclips?
How to handle Rode VideoMic Pro during transport?
Any nice tool for replacing all black frames in a video with another frame
How to make a “follow the bouncing ball” video?
Is there a way? multiple images to looping video via ffmpeg?
How to mirror a composition?
How do I fix my corrupt video files?
Utility or method for joining MP4 files
Are introductions in other languages suitable for internet videos?
Best format (compression-wise) for Khan Academy Style video
Exporting with transparent background in premiere
Is there such thing as an unlimited point matte in Premiere?
Optimal brightness for multiple screens
Merge .ass-subtitles into movie
How to move a layer only in one direction?
What&#39;s the benefit of using an external audio recorder compared to an internal one?
in iMovie, does adding title at the start of a clip cuts the clip portion from there?
Calculating loss when converting from MTS to AVI using FFMPEG
3D composition shows up as 2D in main project view?
From logged footage to clips
Can&#39;t change Handbrake audio bit rate
wrapping circular black frame for video - how is this called?
What is the name of this type of treatment in video/audio?
Composition shows mask instead of content
Can I output video from my DSLR to a smartphone or iPad or laptop?
How to rotate a group of 2D layers around the midpoint in one axis only?
How to distribute layers along a path?
How can you automatically trim a new layer in After Effects?
How to apply track mattes to multiple layers?
Using ffmpeg to cut out a scene by original timestamp
Masking out the video background in Sony Vegas
presenter (speaker) change detection from a video clip?
How to link an FX property of multiple layers?
How can I manage videos with OS X, iPhone and Sony Nex 3N?
How to let the path of a composition shine to parent layer?
Final Cut - split clip into separate clips
FFMPEG Sync Audio &amp; Video From Pi Camera &amp; USB Microphone
How to mask footage video with text?
How to divide a large video file into smaller clips? (not manually)
How do I add an effect on certain length of the original clip in Premiere Pro CS6 using Keyframes?
Hardware to consider for video editing
Exporting to .mov from premiere cc? queuing as .mxf?
Fill shape layer with an image (after effects)
Why does Adobe Premiere Pro modify original footage/asset files (e.g. mov)? (CS6)
How best to stretch an area of video
Canon T3i with Blackmagic Design Intensity to record plays?
Editing software with a good textbook (Windows)
Way to share HD multi-cam long media files to preview edits
Can you link an audio track to a video track in iMovie?
Gapless audio in video
Adding a time stamp to a video
Multiple Videos On Screen
Can low quality video be manipulated to change the displayed time without being detectable?
D5200 Color levels change through video
Is there a video type for vector animation?
Is GoPro &quot;Cam_Raw&quot; a true RAW image format?
How to add &quot;two&quot; transitions between clips in Premiere?
Can you measure the width of a character in an AE expression?
Wavy video export in Premiere Pro
How much recording time at 1080p30 on a 32GB card on a GoPro Hero (1)?
Audio extraction from video issue
Problems while implementing RTMPT server
What tools do you use for command line editing?
Cinema 4D Objects Turn Black
Black title changes colour when exporting MXF ???
mp4 video exported from x265 does not play
Process for crafting disparate travel footage
Live streaming with Twitter and RSS information
Convert .WMV to .MOV
Tips to make professional looking hand-held videos using smart phones?
4k vs. 1080p on a 1080p monitor
How to create exact copy of protected DVD?
ffmpeg adds unneeded zero samples at beginning of resulting m4a file
How to lower the volume of the second audio channel with FFMPEG
Improving frame/image quality on Handbrake?
how can I flip from camera to screen recording
CHDK on Canon Powershot S100: Is there a Video Bitrate sweet spot?
What is a good wireless solution for video monitoring for BlackMagic Design Cinema Cameras?
Is it correct to mix tripod and handheld footage?
Depth of focus for video recording
What are the names of different ways to fit video when the aspect ratios do not match?
Best file format workflow for Final Cut Pro 7 on Maveriks
How to Sync a Layer&#39;s Position, to a Layer in Another (Time Remapped) Comp
no sound in mp4 Sony Vegas
Library with LOTS of clips: Increasing performance
Mac Pro audio for FCPX
What benefit would I get from using Apple Compressor instead of just exporting from Final Cut Pro X?
Graphic music visualizer without after effects?
How can I record audio &amp; video synced with another audio file?
How to show a character in black and white mode with colorful background?
Why don&#39;t phones correct vertical filming?
Commercial Movies: Film vs Digital
Should I cut footage into clips whilst I&#39;m logging it?
Does the new Panasonic 4k LUMIX LX100 seem like a good entry-level 4k camera?
Are there any free ways to increase the framerate of a video?
Multi-Cam View Disappeared from Premiere CC
ffmpeg filter_complex problem
dvd menu with single text field that can change
How to animate the size (width and height) of a rectangle animation in after effects?
FFMpeg and HLS, videos need to load in their entirety before they start playing
Color shift after exporting!
Footage of different framerates in Adobe Premiere Pro
What is the technical advantage of celluloid film over digital?
How do I log footage correctly?
mp4 file will not play video, only audio on quicktime, fine on VLC
What does the information on DSLR lenses mean in terms of filmmaking?
How to automate the rendering of all possible combinations of a composition in Adobe After Effects?
Blending Two Shots for Continuity
Can&#39;t import some .mov files into Adobe Premiere, it says &quot;Codec missing or unavailable&quot;
Video mixer from multiple sources into one
Logo overlay with Windows Movie Maker
Wireless IP Camera
Why do SRT subtitles fail to appear in my MP4 videos on iPhones?
What are the most common project formats for modern NLE software?
What new piece of hardware to get to increase video rendering performance?
Re-encoding Archival Movies
How to colorise black and white movies?
What artifacts result from image stabilization in iMovie?
The ffmpeg`s filter_complex blend respecting overlay`s alpha channel
Flash effect with Adobe Premiere
Camera directing for lenghty single character scene talking
Best free tool for video compression on Mac
Lightworks detects aspect ratio incorrectly and clips video from ShadowPlay
Adobe Audition CS6 Crashing
Software advice - for creating animations
In Pazera Free Audio Extractor, what does the the Profile do?
Video player (which can overlay 2 video streams)
How to export this video?
What image formats to use for basic 2d animation?
Exchange project files between different versions of Premiere Pro?
Similar to &quot;levels adjustment&quot; brightness improvement with ffmpeg
Component YPbPr to VGA with monitor that supports Sync-on-Green
VSDC No audio when editing tracks?
What setup do I need to record and render at the same time?
Best Sony Vegas Pro 13 videogame footage rendering options for YouTube
How to find clip of video belongs to full video?
.mov file choppy when played back in premiere pro cc
What softwares are used to produce this video?
How is each type of video camera stabilizer different?
I want to digitise footage from a lot of DV tapes - should I use my camera or buy a tape deck?
Does Adobe Premiere Pro CS6 have a fullscreen mode?
Launch a AfterEffects rendered in background with cmd update
Adobe Media Encoder CC do not work/start/load on Win8 x64
What are motion graphics?
Premiere Ignoring DNG file grade
How to encode a video at 30 FPS from images taken at 7 FPS
Which part of a computer is critic to work on 4k footage
Adobe Encore - I have problem with add Arabic subtitle to my project
Why my Zapcode is with low resolution?
How do I write up a shot list?
What exactly do the sequence settings do?
What format should I digitize mini DV tapes with HDV footage in?
Who owns the rights to video footage?
Which sequence settings in Adobe Premiere for a YouTube video
Kung Fury VHS effect
How to Create a High Quality, Small File Size .mp4 from .mov
Can someone suggest a software for video format conversion for Mac?
After Effect: Create Stroke from Motion Track Path
How to reproduce this video segmentation special effect?
Blur a face using only one video layer with Premiere CS6?
Centered motion tracking with Mocha AE/Pro and After Effects?
Real Time personalized videos
Simulate &#39;grass&#39; using a replicator
How can a beginner remove an actor from footage?
Producing a time-lapse video over 6 months or more
Can a camera like Nikon D810 support 4K video with firmware update?
How do I hang a kino flo from the ceiling?
HDMI Compressed vs Uncompressed mode
How to remove a part of a moving object from a video?
Encore CS6 &quot;DualLayer: This disc requires a layer break&quot;
Is the difference between full- and crop-frame DSLR footage noticeable and disrupting?
What is this strange second camera?
kind of equipment used in this video
Adobe Premiere saves m4v instead of mp4
Scripting - Where is the documentation for the Layer#Effects attribute?
How to change the display ratio of a Theora track inside Ogg?
Why doesn&#39;t the duration of a Premiere Pro encoding scale linearly?
10 bit 422 vs 8 bit 420
How to get ffmpeg/x264 to use same parameters as input?
Can &#39;fifo&#39; filter write to the same stream in avconv?
Dxtory recording randomly crashing game
Working with Frame Rates &amp; Slow Motion in Adobe Premiere
If an image under a CC-SA license gets used in video - must video be CC-SA?
Do movie makers shoot video from two different perspectives to create 3D movies?
Saving disk space, but not quality
How to see if a video file is progressive or interlaced?
Encoding 720p 29.97 fps video, options in Adobe Media Encoder are 23.976, 24 or 59.94 fps
Simple way to downscale from 1080p@60 to 1080i@60
avconv: How to blur scenes?
Chaining Matroska files
ffmpeg input from images stream out video
Achieve a video warping effect, where it appears like the camera was shifted
Choosing video editor for my wife
Delete unused video clips in Vegas
Are there any video programs to trim and export multiple videos at once?
Any way to batch stabilize video files?
Text templates made in after effects render gibberish characters in Premiere Pro
How to focus when recording video using a DSLR?
Trying to figure out why my systems render times are so different
1080p video partly pixled after rendering
supply video files to editor in another country
Best value video cameras as of 2014?
Picture In Picture - Software recommendation
How to scale video showing the underlying layer/track in the cropped area
Force subtitles to play as default
Microsoft Movie Maker Not Centering Video on Preview Screen
Repeat/loop Input Video with ffmpeg?
How can i create DVD menu with moving scene
Framerate and timestamps in SubRip subtitles
Making the camera travel through a hole in a letter
Can we produce true 3D holograms yet?
How does one recover a multiplexed video stream with missing headers?
How do I record video for more than 30 minutes at a time with a Canon A1400 PowerShot?
Connecting camera to computer to film
Hardware suggestion for recording DVI on mac with unknown frame rate
video capture problem
How can I combine two videos into one?
FCPX Crashes again and again
Final Cut- How to start audio fade from higher than 0db?
JVC 3CCD camcoder light changes during capture!
What is This Zooming/Opening Cinematographic Technique Called?
How do you edit in multicamera mode if you have a mask on one track?
Can I manually change an .mp4 to .m4v by changing the extension in the Finder (mac) or explorer (win)?
What lighting setup is recommended for filming a presenter in front of a TV screen?
Switching between H.264 video streams on the fly?
replace a clip with a different size clip but keep the scale in Premiere CC
All of my tags from WeedlLon&#39;s paid rig are missing when I reopen the project
What equipment should I get for starting out making professional quality films?
Program to convert videos by interpolating 30fps video to 60 fps similar to Splash Pro video player
Is it right time to buy 4K video camera?
How to make sense of video file formats?
Who should buy a Weighted Gimbal Stabilizer
Can I use the videos marked as &quot;youtube standard license&quot; for a non profit video?
After Effects - Audio Spectrum with Circles
adobe premiere cc / picture in picture / editing video shape by its corners removed?
Windows Tool for Extracting enhanced images from video
Monetizing YouTube Channel with Videos Containing CC-Licensed Content
timelapse avi video shows frames not timecode
Combine multiple videos as separate streams in one mkv file
Telex and Mumble
Adding a sport watch timer
How can I change the movie format from .MOV to .AVI in canon 650D
Bulk cutting and compression
Adobe Premiere Pro CC - Crop a video and export at the exact cropped size
How can I convert .MTS file (AVCHD) to .mp4 by ffmpeg without re-encoding H264 video stream?
Using smartphone sensors to stabilise DSLR video in post
Time code audio tracks in NLE?
Anyone with Mac Pro, please help for CPU advice
component to vga cable not giving video
What software can be used for pre-visualizing video presentation environments?
How to work with R3D and RMD files? FFMPEG?
Display Contents Outside of Composition Boundary?
Shapes overlapped in pre-comp, transparent fade in visibility
what should be the minimum write speed of microSD for 30fps 4K, 60 fps 1080p or 100fps 720p etc?
How to make the smoke become a mask layer?
Split video into equal duration segments
FFmpeg MP4 to FLV too slow
How do I change the audio on a H.264 MP4 without re-rendering the file?
Looking for a name of a flickering problem
Key out everything but one color?
How to capture / upload videos at scheduled times
How do I make the DoTA 2 map work in Source Filmmaker?
Relative Animation Presets
VGA Splitter Switch?
Defining animation once, then repeating across a selection of shapes in a cascading manner?
Overlaying Images on top of each other so they both show
Tessellation-like animation in after effects
After Effects Opacity behaving differently from Photoshop?
Line animations
Streaming live to co-hosts
What Boom mic is compatible with a smartphone?
Zooming in on one layer in After Effects
How to have a non square video inside a video?
Transparent video background from image
How to shoot a party scene with few people?
Crop video in ffmpeg without re-encoding
Good software for a simple, slide-show style video presentation?
using a 265 encoded video with a container
How to get Youtube Editor spotlight annotations to show up once uploaded on Vimeo
What title(s) should a one-person film crew receive in the credit role?
How can I automatically remove pauses from a video?
Removing silence and no movement from videos
Want to set the in/out points but modified the existing clip
Live stream from GoPro to YouTube or another video service
How Can I Reduce Noise On a 5D Mk3?
Does oval-shaped bokeh indicates that the aspect ratio of the image was modified?
Is it possible to automatically generate highlights from video?
Import Audio Markers or Cues to Audition CS5.5
Make video look like it was shot in a dark room
What to do when camcorder angle does not cover entire area to record?
See layers beneath the solid I&#39;m editing in After Effects
Letterbox when converting 4k to 1080p
YouTube 3gp encoding settings
What parameters should I select to get a high quality voice .wav file?
What is the best software to do color pass effect for a film?
Looking for a suitable lossy video codec to quickly record video in-game
Save existing project to an external drive Final Cut Pro X 10
video lighting output levels
How to make a film in black and white and add color to some objects?
Rendering without quality loss in Kdenlive
How to do a video live stream through a VPS?
Why is there a “2D” disc in every Blu-Ray 3D package?
Are there any red filters that fit an SJ4000
Video rendering time is measured in man-hours. How is that calculated?
What is a subtle displacement at the moment of the cut?
Why is my Time Ruler in After Effects displaying seconds like this?
2GB vs 4GB Graphics card Memory for playback and encoding of Videos in Adobe Premiere CC
Setup for including commentators in live stream (including monitoring)
Special effects/post processing to make a black-colored light
AE Error : Imager Buffers exceed internal limits. Decrease the memory requirements for the rendering of this frame. (12804)
How to reverse these keyframes in Adobe After Effects?
Blackmagic Hyperdeck Recorder?
Premiere CC Button Editor Unaligned
Cheap solution for shooting with multiple (&gt;2) cameras in sync (genlock or LANC?)
How to avoid quality loss of pictures when de-interlacing?
Small profile camera for recording a lecture (from a student&#39;s seat)
How to Record a Dark scene without any Noise?
Stream a dynamic playlist to a RTMP server
Resolution for webcam for recording lectures when writing on paper?
Does youtube store different video files for different bit rate?
How can I ensure the white balance is correct?
Is there a way to capture RTMP-stream and output it to SDI?
Easiest way to narrate video with freeze frames etc.?
Editing a movie from DVD in Sony Vegas?
How to set up Paid Live Streaming event?
How can I make professional video using an iPad?
Old Camcorder needs Repair
Are mp4 bit rates the same as Flash bytes per frame?
What are some tips on taking great videos with the iPhone 5s?
How to Set the defaults for Render Queue in After Effects
What is the maximum amount of memory Adobe Premiere Pro can efficiently utilize?
Best way to increase the display size of a web video
Mp4 Video Container and the Codecs use with it
Distorting video with live sound
Looking for a specific transition for Adobe Premiere
Free software for annotations (circles, arrows, etc.) in screen capture videos
How can I make the best quality SD DVD&#39;s
GoPro Hero 3+ Microphone Mounting
Which PC software does live effects on video from a tethered camera?
Does the project resolution affect the quality of a chromakey?
ffmpeg re-encode libx264 without quailty loss?
Audio monitoring w/ headphones through HDMI port
Using a Flash to Light Video
scale an image inside a mask
Presentation to Video conversion
Console Audio and Commentary Capture - Is it possible to capture both?
Does the screen resolution override the source resolution?
gource and ffmpeg reduce video size
GoPro video lose color quality while exporting in Premiere CC
Are the properties (bitrate, fps) of my h.264 video OK for the web?
Final Cut Pro- Reopen Library and Entire Timeline is Gone!
Why does compressor output 960x540 when frame size is specified &quot;up to 1280x720&quot;?
How to make a video presentation with the possibility to go to the next or the previous &quot;video-slide&quot;?
Optimizing MPEG2 Encoder in Adobe Media Encoder
Cyberlink Power Director 12 Animated Gif Watermark
h264 settings for large flat areas of slowly changing colour
How to detect and extract words from audio/video stream online in a webpage itself?
Split video without re-encoding
Can I use brand names in my short film?
restart encoding with ffmpeg when bad source
Make a video look like it was taken from further away
Youtube 720p video has more MB than 1080p
Is using a softbox as a back light a good idea when shooting indoors?
HEVC binary to MPEG 2TS
Can I move an imported camera track in Maya without manually changing 500+ keyframes?
After Effects rendering a video at base 99, but outputs as a 60 one
Premiere CC uses vertical aspect ratio in multi-camera shot
&quot;A Must have&quot; ND filter stops for filming with Canon 5D Mk2?
Can I shoot in 16:9 then change it to 4:3?
Does raising the framerate while not changing the bitrate result in quality loss?
Need a video/audio &#39;time base corrector&#39; with a very large time buffer
Whats the most affordable way to setup a large screen outdoors for live video
How to start making videos
How does YouTube convert between different videos resolutions?
Loss of quality in after effects 3D layer
What is the most lossless way to rip a laserdisc to a Mac?
What do I need for Noir lightning?
Any way to change properties of subcomp based on parent comp?
Why HD broadcast camcorder still pictures quality (still frame from video) beat out DSLR?
Help with playback stutter in Sony Vegas Pro 11
How can I crop a section of the video screen in Premiere Pro?
One Frame Flash
Find/replace duplicate comps?
How to switch New Composition Settings Duration from Base 25 (time) to Frames?
Is it possible to embed VTT subtitles &amp; chapters in webm video?
How to keep audio and video in sync?
Auto split comp into separate render items?
Can I use any audio recorder for filming?
Should I use Magic Lantern as a beginner?
Will Canon 600D be able to do these?
After Effects render on AWS EC2
Using triplehead2go with ATEM 1 M/E
Using tablet/smartphone as external dslr monitor
Create quickly alternating clips in Premiere Pro
Reducing the size of content within a composition in After Effects
Unintended change in AdWords Flash to HTML5 conversion
YouTube Compression: Why?
How to make a whiteboard/flanelboard style promotional video for a mobile app?
Recording an indexed screencast using VLC
Any tutorials on how to animate a vector hand
How to convert video to ogv and webm versions with a high quality result?
Low cost frame synchronized (genlocked) 3D stereo camera
Millisecond stopwatch for visual stereo video synchronization measurement
What is the best way to convert VGA to digital feed efficiently?
ffmpeg libx264 not working
How to mask everything except eyes?
Looking for an accurate Playback FPS from a video
Benro and Manfrotto Monopods - QR System
Premiere Pro CC: Multiple instances of a panel in the workspace?
drop similar frames
Which is better quality, a larger 480p video or a smaller 1080p video?
Is there software that will let you cut a region from a video file to create a new video?
HQ screen video capture
GoPro Dual HERO 3D stereo system only compatible with HERO3+ Black Edition units?
Full-Featured broadcast-level open source Video Editors?
Repeat a clip down entire timeline
Video Capture using ffmpeg (V4L2 indev) Results in Bad A/V Sync
Help needed in choosing video production device for use with Matterhorn Capture Agent
Ad Free Video Streaming to Web
What is the cheapest camera I can plug external microphone to?
iMovie Help: Transition still keeps the previous clips&#39; audio
Good Intro Editor that can Join Audio+Video, and Present Two Frames Simultaneously
Poor Resolution Video &quot;.MOV&quot;
Transcoding during ffmpeg overlay
Getting audio from a Bell &amp; Howell Filmosound 8 Projector
Each media segment file for MPEG-DASH is a full (.mp4) instead of fragment mp4 (.m4s)?
How to transcode mkv media into different resolutions with ffmpeg
Awful Audio in Video post-render (Premiere Pro CC)
how to motion track in after effects
Is there a way to make Premiere reuse nested previews?
which camera is best for conducting the interview constantly as one-man show?
How to remove an unwanted dynamic object from a dynamic footage
Converting video with different resolutions slightly affects in file size, why?
Recording and playing video with variable frame rate
free tool to do basic color correction?
Repair corrupted video files
Do I need to encode video in both ogg and webm?
Video Camera with Detachable Viewfinder and Remote Control
OGV Format plays properly on my computer but transcoding drops (duplicate?) frames
How can I accurately immitate this Picasa filter with Premiere&#39;s color correction filters?
Create a movie file from a set of pdf files
How to Differentiate Subtitle Track Language Between Simplified and Traditional Chinese?
Large avi not playing to the end
Errors in Windows Movie Maker
IMovie 11 to FCP 10.1
What is wrong with my &quot;new&quot; camera? My playback looks bad
Combine Multiple MKVs and Double Frame Rate
After Effects Not Rendering Transparency
How to achieve &quot;Acid Burn&quot; saturation?
Lossless cutting video (MPEG-4)
How can I adjust brightness when shooting high FPS video?
What software is required to make a simple animation clip like this?
Adobe Premiere not reading audio from .MTS file
After Effects - Recreate a &quot;distortion&quot; or a special Radial Blur effect / Slowly pitch sound down
Small Kitchen studio setup
Sony Handycam HDR-CX210 Creates JPGs Frequently While Shooting Video
How do I create a video of typing math symbols
What is good software for camera recording under Linux?
What do you call the video effect where water looks like it&#39;s standing still when filmed
What is good software for video editing under Linux?
iMovie 11 starts with a black screen. How can we make this a white screen?
I only have the .mp4 files from a Sony XDCAM EX shoot, is there a way I can still convert them for use in AfterEffects on Windows?
Slowing down footage with easing (like iPhone 5s)
What do you call it when the footage has a rippling effect?
Visual equivalent of VST
Where are the opacity map presets for CC Particle World in CS5 and CS6?
Will I lose quality when converting avi to mkv?
How to create and film ghost special effects
Post-production workflow: VFX before color correction?
Should you shoot flat when shooting with a DSLR?
How to achieve trippy breathing effect (visual drifting) on static photo
Shutter slower than video FPS
Video Editing/After Effects Forum To Ask For Help
Stock footage search service
Fix timecode in merged vobs
What is the best tool to increase sound of MTS video without need to re-encoding this video?
WAX - How do I make it so the PiP can go anywhere?
What kind of hardware do I need for a multi-person editing team?
Shutter speed when recording with DSLR
How much GB or TB is 1 hour of raw uncompressed Ultra HD film?
How does GSpot calculate &quot;Recommended display size&quot;
After Effects - Simple Lighting Effects
Video for Windows Codec x264 and VP80
After Adding a few Clips to the timeline, audio is no longer imported?
Bad video quality on 600D
How can I fix time-lapse image sequence exposure in Premiere?
How do I rig a Kino Flo to a gobo arm like this?
Automatically fix luminosity differences between frames
Screen refresh rate above 100 Hz noticeable?
Visualising geo data on a map
Having trouble with an screen recording saved as AVI from Rylstim Screen Recorder
What are some free (or cheap) options for hosting home videos that have copyright music in them?
How can I update instances of a text template after changing the master template?
How do I get a totally white background without the subject being too bright?
How to time-remap with Twixtor in Adobe Premiere?
Create a Video File or PNG Sequence of Writing Out A Word
What is the Marketshare of the big three video editing (NLE) software packages?
Is it possible in FFMPEG to change scale over time?
How to make a screen capture?
Does YouTube allow multiple soundtracks
Add an image in front of video using ffmpeg
Looking to get Youtube-quality video stabilization from a software based video editing application (on mac)
How can I become a video editor with Adobe Premiere?
How to demux MPTS to SPS
Recommendation for a flying camera device
Invalid DICT array size (83::2) in After Effects
How to *stream* audio over multiple scenes in Flash?
Recreate basic AVCHD from MTS files
How is it customary to pay a video editor - global or per-hour?
Subtitle SubRip (*.srt) Positioning
I&#39;m trying to crop the sides of a movie which are unwanted... Online
Advice on how to determine right camera equipment and set up for multi-sport court?
Spec for GPAC&#39;s DashCast configuration?
Cannot capture (HDMI) output of Graphics Card with BlackMagic UltraStudio
FCP software development.
how to trim and render multiple sequences in premiere
Simulate parenting, (or un-parent) in after effects
What needs to happen before we expect x265 to be in wide use, along with encoders something like Handbrake available for it?
FFMPEG convert video with multiple audio streams?
How can I achieve the Ken Burn Effect with greater control or in other software?
How to use mouse drag gesture to position &amp; size a still image in Premiere Pro CS6
Choosing the right format/codec for export
ProRes in Premiere - no audio
Encoding 1080p for DVD - Pr 5.5
Banding in Premiere preview
Premiere Create custom frame size
Create a Time Lapse Video with Adobe Premiere
Export video has different resolution Adobe Premier Pro
how to improve quality while editing video captured through CamStudio?
How do you install Adobe Production Premium CS5 on a different hard drive in windows?
What sequence presets I must use with a GoPro and Adobe Premiere Pro CS 5.5?
How do I render each time increment on Premiere Pro CS5/6?
Video files compatibility for Adobe Premiere pro CS4
How to re-transcode sequence Encore CS4?
How to make a vehicle number visible?
Can you mask a parent null object in Adobe After effects?
Name of the software used for the given animation
Differences Tamron f/2.8 28-75 / 24-70
Avidemux &quot;too short&quot; error
Film vs digital - telling the difference
Application for Screen-casting for Macintosh
After Effects - Element 3D: Text arranged in a circle/ring form
About film making techniques
Want to Start 2D 3D Animation Studio
Making lenses (water and dust) splashproof?
Premiere Pro doesn&#39;t play AC3 audio stream from .MTS file
Premiere Pro sequence adds black stripes on both sides of the video
FFmpeg encod set of time stamped images as Iframes
Help with a Video streaming a Meeting and archiving it in HD using 1 camera
What are some good accessories for a DSLR video recording setup?
Software to allow video presenter to draw directly on the screen
Ken Burns Effect. - Software Recommendations
Typical size of one hour long mp4 video
How can I create an effect of pictures like an album
Smoothcam filter vs Warp Stabilizer
Cannot mark my video with CC SA licence because Youtube Content ID found 3rd party soundtrack which itself is CC SA licensed
FFmpeg clarification &quot;position of frame&quot;
How to convert HDV to dvd full resolution 640 x 480?
Projecting slides on a large screen from 40 feet
Are Mini DV and Digital 8 considered film?
QuickTime File Format (Atoms &amp; Flags)
Premiere CS6 hanging on ExporterAVI.prm after an upgrade from Vista 64bit SP2 to Windows 7
Error while opening encoder for output stream #0:0 - maybe incorrect parameters such as bit_rate, rate, width or height
Black and white DSLR video quality
Can i record continuously, keeping just the last N minutes?
Blocky video artifact problem on Canon 600D
What is the name of the device used in live action filming that includes information like scene, take and roll and has a part that can snap together?
What is the name of a portion of video between camera changes?
Image plane mark on Grass Valley Infinity
How to detect which part of the video is using copyright audio on facebook
Why is rendered playback slower than my project?
Trying to add text to a video file and save it as an mpeg to be played in a slide show
Actively Used and Developed Motion Capture Systems
What&#39;s the best way to set up a live webshow with multiple Skype video inputs?
Why does quality degrade so much if just cutting video with ffmpeg?
ffmpeg framemd5 format explanation
Microphone suggestions or software to avoid background noise in audio
Setup for Premiere Pro on Laptop with SSD/HDD
What are the outer dimensions of the GoPro 3+ lens holder?
ffprobe - why total bitrate is greater than sum of video and audio bitrates?
Sony Vegas: Make timeline &quot;line&quot; follow event trimming?
Converting MTS for best use in After Effects?
How to convert an MTS file without loosing quality?
rendering with the video card in MeGUI
How can I convert large jpgs (15000 x 10840px) to video?
Add intro and outro to multiple files (batch)
Can modern cameras (BMCC, Red, Arri, etc) record to a drive over ad-hoc wifi?
How to create simple animation with transparent background?
High quality ogv files - possible?
Are there any recent 64-bit VFW screen capture codecs out there?
Easy script for making and overlaying video counters?
Ideal video format for Windows Movie Maker
Record video and sound with backtrack
Why does After Effects shear my last frame in a loop?
Fixing desync in a large, long video file
Output file longer than source with ffmpeg
ffmpeg: Normalize audio in an avi file
How do I create a zoom transition in Premiere Elements 9?
How do I create a lower third for a music video in After Effects?
FCPX =&gt; DaVinci Resolve =&gt; FCPX color grading round trip
What is the underlying difference between motion compensation and motion estimation?
Looking for free program that allows PiP, and cutting/splicing
Merge MP4 with M4A
Is automatic switching of audio stereo balance while cutting between camera angles possible?
How to change lightworks project frame rate?
Negative SMPTE timecode drop-frame handling?
Adobe Premier CS6 &#39;Unable to open file&#39; coming from Cineform
Codec genealogy / kinship: DivX, MPEG-4 Part 2, H.263
Is it possible to install the Quicktime backend without getting the frontend?
Scaling &quot;Stroke&quot; Effect &quot;Brush Size&quot; while scaling composition?
H264 framerate information?
How do I automatically create burned-in subtitles in Premiere Pro?
How does MKV segment linking work?
Batch splitting ProRes into equal-length segments
How to split MTS files?
How to achieve the short particle bursts in this gif?
Combine video and audio TS segments coming from HLS stream
Resolving timecode errors when capturing in FCP from MiniDV tape deck
Avid Media Composer 8 - is it possible to edit two video sessions at same time?
Import .flac to after effects cs6
Camera features useful when recording a live high school basketball game?
Cannot render 16:9 video for youtube
How to hold the last frame when using ffmpeg
Mix Voice to Video without losing video quality
GoPro 3 Black gets stuck in &quot;&gt;&quot; Play mode when diving
Batch-importing images in sync with audio/markers
Problem with colors of camstudio recorded video
How do I record decent sound during an interview?
Which sensor is better for video, cropped or full frame?
What solution do you use to bring a udp, rtmp, ... stream back into the hd-sdi format
Can I get Handbrake to apply additional filters such as brightness/contrast?
Record DVI Signal (SXGA)
Is is possible to trim portions of clips in FCPX to save disk space?
Panasonic SDR-H100 Multiple Program Files
A way to create a moving graphic annotation
HD PVR 2 GE, worth it, thoughts?
color correction in fcpx
How to link an audio mp3 file created on soundcloud to your Youtube account
Play video skipping some scenes
How to delete an edit in Final Cut Pro (un-blade)
Title not updating after creation in premiere pro
Which software application did they use to create LHC data processing animation?
Slowing down video vs higher framerate recording
Codec information application
How can I examine Quicktime file internals?
How should I go about making 80&#39;s style graphics?
Clip quality severely degrades when imported into Premiere Pro CS5? (appears interlaced)
Wavy screen and lines showing now and again in live streaming cam
Do actors have rights over the footage?
What software do you recommend to easily import and edit tapes?
Recording Audio for Stand-Up Comedy
Sony HDR AS30 detect device on imac
Vegas pro will not show video for avi with mp4v fourcc codec?
Resynchronize Audio to Video
Audio/Video Out of Sync with Samsung NX1000 Camera - Why?
What lenses are preferred for DSLR video?
Audio/Video Out of Sync with Samsung NX1000 Camera - Why?
Software recommendation for creating videos for demoing research results
Why does FFMPEG fail when converting Intervalometer photos into a time lapse movie?
How do I temporarily disable Davinci Resolve nodes?
What software to use for lighting and rendering 3d animation shorts?
ffmpeg-php with fixed width and height and without stretch or squish
What is the optimal codec and encoding parameters to encode Video Podcast?
How can I fix a resolution discrepancy between nested sequences?
What video formats should I support (as of 2014)?
How can I combine whiteboard animation, stop motion and live video without massive import/export and adjustments?
Spot removal tool
Can video frame size be increased?
Playing back 1080p and 720p videos (same bitrate) on a 720p display
How does ARRI saturation formula differ from the ASC-CDL spec?
create video from hand drawing
DVD burned through Nero has only .nrd file
Whiteboard animation: how to zoom and draw a motion?
Is there any automated online service for making white board animation?
Does mjpeg handle interlaced video correctly?
Why more than 10 FPS is needed
Autofilm function / add many clips and transitions by one click. Which open source video editing software for linux suited?
poor quality export of still images from premiere
What video codecs can provide &quot;adaptive quality&quot;?
Terminology connected with camera movement
Common newbie mistakes for cinematography?
DSLR chip overheating and max clip length
Camcorder for use as a webcam
My converted videos look bad... what am I doing wrong?
Connect a Sony HandyCam to a MacBookPro for streaming
Insert Video Still onto MPEG2 video?
Superimposing 2d photoshop cartoon into video footage
adjusting the Premiere Creative Cloud sequence (newbie question)
How to easily insert frames at the end of a video?
Sound sync problem
How to find video frame rate and resolution
How Was This Isometric Vector-looking Video Made?
Is it possible to shift a video track a fraction of a second in Sony Vegas Pro 10?
Is there any similar function of photoshop &quot; Actions .atn&quot; in adobe after effect?
Is it possible to record audio-responsive Quartz compositions along with the audio?
What is the productive way of doing multiple speed changes in a video editing project?
How do you get the highest quality type in After Effects?
How to make a 3D animated video from video games as realistic as possible?
Automatically load Blackmagic ATEM preset on launch?
Chromakey (Green Screen) Best Practices in Adobe After Effects
Chroma Key video software for command line
What is the Name of this effect
Using gopro hero 3 white/black with 3d- anything to watch out for?
Soundtrack recomendation
Is it possible 3D Transform a video clip in Final Cut Pro X?
How can I create a 1920x1080p25 preset in Premiere Pro CS4?
How to duplicate a generator below connected media?
Camcorder pass-through or stand alone capture box for VHS source
Are there technical issues with doing video reviews of software?
What are some software to create animated videos?
How to make video with moving text and objects?
How do I properly bake a texture in Cinema 4D?
Possible to use sRGB as mp4 colorspace?
Video Format Compatibility with GoPro cine studio
`Format profile` property in MediaInfo
Why does variable bitrate still have a bitrate specified?
Slow Premiere performance after Mavericks upgrade
Looking for a solution to remotely control timed video capture
Handling Frame Rate for Movies with Slow Motion
Crop then center and zoom
How can I edit in FCPX like I would for a live event when I have multiple sync&#39;d tracks of the same event?
Interactive YouTube video navigation
In video, can previous frames effect results seen in subsequent shots?
Can&#39;t make Ken Burns effect zoom properly
FFmpeg overlaying and blending videos
Codec/Hardware Advice on real-time encoding multiple HD streams
How can I convert frame rates without changing speed?
Can I use unlicensed music as soundtrack for a video?
Preventing letters from going to next line as title expands in iMovie
why has the aspect ratio changed on my video between programs?
remove black frames from vob files with ffmpeg
Intersecting animated masks
Vertical Black Bars, Aspect Ratio Problem. NEED A FIX
Video fails to play in QT browser plugin. Encoding problem?
What is the max video fps Nikon D5100?
Keying Out Smoke Against a Black Background
What Video Camera and Tool is best to Produce Interviews &amp; Small Docus for my Contruction Company?
How can I blur an entire video using iMovie or similar?
Reduce quality percentage wise
After Effects: Set Alpha/Matte to hdr layer without clamping the values to 0-1 range
How to make black text accept light in After Effects
What is the technique behind mkv. video format?
Motorized tripod head with zoom
Cheap Method for Audio/video transmission in a building
How to add Subtitles to already created video file for .avi format on Windows 8?
Google glass sample video
How to add a scoreboard to a pre-recorded video file
Pinnacle Studio 17 vs Adobe Premire Pro CC
How do I make a space themed video intro?
Wirecast recording lagging from a video file source
Do I need an attenuation cable between my audio recorder and the RCA out of a DJ&#39;s mixing board?
Best rendering options for Sony Vegas 8 Pro?
Slow Video Render? incl. New &amp; Old PC Specs
How to fix white balance gone bad?
FCPX ken burns zoom in and out
Best way to stabilize footage?
Black halo / ghosting on transparent layered PSD file imported into FCPX
Transfer Avid project from one machine to another
What kind of video encoder can do this? Blend multiple video frames together live
Adobe Media Encoder CC - No output sound
In Final Cut Pro 7, is there a way to playback a Ganged Browser clip in real time with the Canvas/Timeline?
Building smarter elements for Final Cut Pro X with Motion 5
Does music under CC-SA license require the same license for video?
Recording in a training room with upside camera mount from the top
How to fix Sony Vegas 12.0 blank screen render?
How do I rescue a Final Cut 7 project that elicits &quot;File Error: Wrong Type&quot; when I try to open it in FCP?
Sources to learn more about Audio/Video compression, codecs, algorithms etc.
How to add captions file to video podcast?
Vegas Pro 12 vs Vegas Pro 12 Premium
Mount a Camcorder on my Hat?
Stabilizing GoPro videos
Is There A Fraps Alternative That Records Different Audio Sources To Different Tracks
Why does my Class 10 memory card run in to buffering problems?
In search of a Helmet-based steadicam solution for GoPro Hero 3
Using a Nikon D5100 or Sony SR68 to shoot video of an event
Smartphone app for JVC Adixxion
In cartoons, what is created first - video or sounds?
why is a video file with .mts extension so huge?
How to create a video like this?
HDD Partitioning
How to correct shadows when parts are too bright and other parts too dark?
Video from still images - Zooming
What Codec Shows Absolute Black?
Adobe Premiere - Razor Tool screws up clip
Graphics Cards that have SDI outs
Using Pharrell Willaim&#39;s &#39;Happy&#39; song for Organizational Video
What is the linked setting called?
Reduce File Size of Dxtory Video Without Causing Lag
Is there an easy way to import textured 3D geometry from Maya into Nuke?
Start and stop capturing while video is playing
How to get a crisp, exact color match for lossless screen-cast?
Filter commentary from AC3 stream in MKV
Adobe CC Post-Production Workflow (Story, Prelude etc.)
How to do a &quot;deep&quot; / full copy of a nested sequence in Premiere Pro CS6? (i.e. constituent components are all copied)
Will remote shutter releases stop and start video?
Do internal SSDs challenge the conventional wisdom of storing digital assets on external &quot;scratch&quot; disks?
connect 8 projectors together to create a large image
How to concatenate clips from the same video with ffmpeg
Render srt subtitles to video?
Best format for audio track with a single/few images
How to mark multiple ins and outs in Adobe Premiere?
Free Software for Drawing Overlays
Rendering video from Photoshop CS6 leaves background grey where it should be white
Does RCA or &quot;interface connector&quot; (VGA?) offer better video quality?
Easisest way to convert whole DVD folder (all titles and chapters) to MKV file(s)?
Optimal pace of speech
Clip Library Management
How to achieve this kind of masks and transitions
Please tell me if i can use this song and it&#39;s title in my promotional film?
Line between photographer and video
Copying timeline to new sequence lowers resolution
How to stop and start a key frame on a specific time on After Effects?
How do I change frame size, preserving width (using ffmpeg)?
Choppy slide titles animation in Premiere
How to keep EXIF data in a DSLR video after editing / compressing with Photoshop CC?
Are there any good video editing programs with a command line interface?
Adobe premiere is lagging in preview window
FCP X 10.1.1 - Transitioning to libraries without blending
short Train movie for school
Exporting to Vimeo
I want to have multiple streams (up to 4) on one YouTube Live broadcast, Is that possible?
How did cameramen manually focus in the film days?
YouTube Network Partnership Needed for Minecraft Tutorials?
Converting videos taken by D5100 for a Youtube upload
What is the correct setting in Adobe Premiere CS6 for Nikon Video?
Nikon D3100 vs Canon EOS 600D
Canon 600d vs Sony PD170 for video production
How can I color correct a footage from a 7D using the CineStyle Picture Style
What are some things to know and learn about the Canon 550D (T2i) when shooting movies?
What is the most effective way of slowing down footage?
Recording video and audio with external input to computer with Canon 600D
Glidecam focus control
What factors are important for DSLR lenses for shooting video?
Use Canon T3i as a HD Webcam
Software to edit .mov files from a Canon 7D
How to fix choppy/lagging video from Canon t3i?
How to Setup Resolution and Frame Rate Between Two Cameras for Premiere Editting and YouTube
How do I record a computer monitor without banding/flickering with a Canon t2i/550D?
Cannot export video file in correct resolution
How Does Remote Streaming Work?
How to produce a &quot;broken gif&quot; effect - video example
Upon export in Premiere Pro, colors lose saturation when previewing in QuickTime
Is there a cheap Teleprompter software that supports foreign languages?
optimizing / compressing video for web with Quicktime
After Effects - Export Settings Window
Do Canon DSLRs and Camcorders use the same internal mics?
120fps 720p footage with real time playback on Ubuntu? + editing?
converting to .MJP files
Exam Question - end-to-end delay from video capture to video playout
How to get higher resolution and smooth exposure control when shooting movies with a Nikon D5000?
Is it better to scale video or images when doing time-lapse?
No audio during footage preview
reasons for After Effects CC deprecating wmv and H.264
How can I keep my project-specific Motion elements together with my Final Cut projects?
What is the easiest, no-frills way to produce a simple video on Windows 8?
I want to add some audio to the end of a video
What is the video codec name of videos made through the Canon 600d DSLR
What exactly am I hearing from my 5DMkII audio out jack?
Set variables on imported comp?
Script to create video in standard format?
Large scale video conferencing
Audio noiseless video becomes noisy after importing in windows movie maker
Removing horizontal scan lines from video?
How can I extend the ten minute video limit on a Canon PowerShot ELPH 300 HS?
Is it possible to set more than one motion tracking point in After Affects CS6 at the same time
Record Screencast of Remote Presenter
LifeSize DVI Input from multiple devices with in-line scaler
Transcription Methods/Times
Remove audio tracks from multiple MKV files
How to make a video from a still image and an audio file?
Premiere Pro - How to make a slideshow/compilation
How do I connect my Alesis iO2 Interface with video camera Nikon D3200?
On-line and Off-line editing?
How can I cut a few seconds at the beginning of a large video file?
Fast subtitle workflow in Sony Vegas?
.SAV live video?
Video capture device for senior citizen
Adding an image above a video in imovie
What are some tips for shooting green/blue screen footage?
How to export footage and burn a 16:9 PAL DVD for playback on television
AE : Using a drawn brush as a mask
Achieving the Elf &quot;Angel&quot; effect
Any way to fix a corrupt Custom Keyboard Settings file in Final Cut Pro v7?
UHS1 vs. Class 10 sd card (Samsung dv100)
jquery-videosub how to
Precise Keyframing in Final Cut Pro X
What can cause poor quality video in Canon point&amp;shoot camera?
How do I animate an image based on relative position in after effects?
What are people using to connect SSD drives from a camera to Thunderbolt or Firewire?
Set ipad compatible thumbs for mp4 videos based on a frame of the video with command line
What is a good lossy format for storing DV
How to combine different projects to create final clip in After Effects?
disabling streams in quicktime movies with ffmpeg
mp4 - Codec or Container
Two green screens in FCPX?
How do I add a crosshair guide to a FCPX angle editor viewer window?
How can I find good quality discounted audio gear?
Lighting for shooting a presentation
Is it possible to wirelessly transmit 1920x1080 32-bit color 30fps video through VGA from laptop to HDTV?
Audio from PA system to Camcorder
What to do with a VMP video file
How to concatenate two mxf files with ffmpeg, preserving both audio channels?
Sony Vegas Text Parser?
Is it possible to have an image be picture-in-picture and just tell FCPX to keep it at its original size?
Export high bitrate video in lightworks
Is it possible to have stereo sound from an external mic on a Canon Vixia HF G20
Automated aligning audio tracks with timings for dubbing screen casts
Creating stereoscopic video from two video files
An easy way to create videos for YouTube from mp3 files
How can I find camcorders with high quality like Nikon D3100 but without its time limit?
What is a circular motion around a object called when filming?
Compressor 4.1: Why can&#39;t I select the group I made for distributed processing?
Youtube convert my video on bad quality
Motion 5 - Link Parameters but Trail or Lag Value by a Few Seconds
How to mask an animated layer in After Effects?
Screen recording 3d zoom
Reliable way to burn VIDEO_TS folder on a DVD?
Is it possible to use an SSD for the RAM preview in After Effects CC?
live stream saved or not
Wirecast crashes when I attempt to authenticate to Youtube account
How to film a falling shot
What hardware should I get for a conversion farm for MXF =&gt; Prores
Apply effects to multiple video channels in Sony Vegas
High resolution recording with component cable
How can I use FFmpeg to lower the quality of H264 video but keep it in H264 format?
Special effect in videos and gifs
What is the text commonly found at the end of documentaries called?
How to record multiple days worth of video without interrruption
Converting a Adobe Premiere CS6 project to a CS5 one
AE Adjustment Layer Separate Effects on It &amp; Its inverse
Final Cut Pro 7: File Error: Unknown file
How do I blur the background, but not a moving subject in FCPX to create a depth-of-field effect?
What is this cable for?
How do I get royalty free music, images ,video clips, cartoon characters with different actions and emotions for short filmmaking
Is there a way to apply an Animation Preset - Text Effect onto a shape?
Looking for compressed standard definition file format to share footage between Final Cut Pro 7 and Adobe Premiere Pro CS6
Upload a video to Youtube without losing contrast
Which low budget video camera would be appropriate for making travel/advenutre short films?
Portable camera recommendation for interviews
Best way to create closed captions in Premiere CS6? No 3rd party software!
Video Editor with custom effect masking and shape/drawing overlays
Blackmagic Cinema Camera: recording, bitrate and bitdepth
Looking for Radio Automation Software
Reconstrcuting images from MPEG
Why does audio have standard bit rates whereas video does not
How can i check if a particular sound I used in my video was copyrighted?
Inexpensive do-it-yourself Steadicam rig
Minimising image noise within the recording of indoor office environments
How to reduce noise in old, low-light DV-8 video
How do I film a friend&#39;s wedding?
Replicated circles are blurry in Motion
How do I set up an RTMP stream server and URL endpoint?
Video Booth / Video Guest Book for Events
Recording a gaming console onto my computer from my TV
Screen Output to Projector and Another Computer Recording the Screen
FPS for the internet
Minimal subtitle leading/lagging difference
Why would Blu-ray made with Encore CS6 be silent/have missing audio, no sound?
How to merge video stream and two Stereo audio streams in 5.1 with a terminal command?
Does Sony PMW-EX1R HDMI output contain audio?
Will 1080p content on 4K display look as crisp
Changing QuickTime Conversion Default Settings for export
How could I make a map zoom in effect?
use video for demo player is it legal?
What are the minimum camera characteristics required to record a movie for cinema?
How to check video, AB test, on different screens: balancing colors, etc
How should we back-up our media files for our production studio
Why do my Objects show up black in Cinema-4D?
Blur out an irregular shaped section of the frame using Sony Vegas Studio
Live desktop feed on green screen: thesis presentation
Editing 1440p @ 47 FPS in Premiere Pro CS6
Deinterlace by dropping even lines from command line
Crop the center region
Where does Camtasia store files locally?
How does the source encoding reflect the settings used to export?
Is there a way to do both Extruded Text and Layer Modes natively in After Effects?
Vinyl converter spins 35.3 RPM -- How to correct?
Why is my Premiere timeline scrollbar thumb non-proportional?
creating a lossless mp4 screencast
Tools to combine a video with an animated logo
Is low-framerate video recording possible on the D7100 without miniature effect?
Who owns raw footage?
Want to learn the new iMovie
Is it possible to find a webcam with large aperture?
Free software to synchronize audio and video recorded at the same time
Low cost DIY high-speed video camera
Portable screen for USB camera
Final Cut Pro 10.1: How to move clip framewise in timeline?
What encoding settings does Revision3 use to get quality high but file size so low?
Is there a text effect for Sony Vegas Movie Studio for light reflecting off metal?
How do I set up a field recorder with camera/wireless monitoring?
Udacity - Hand under notes video effect
Problem of overview with my created closed caption in Premiere CC
After a clip ends should that track be re-used?
Is it bad form to have a different number of audio tracks from video tracks?
How to defeat the display info overlay on the HDMI output of the Canon XA25 including the status indicator?
What keywords to use when searching for a Maya plugin developer?
Home video, Canon 60D, 1080p, 23 fps, H.264 lag during playback
Does anybody have suggestion to recreate this light trail effect?
When is it necessary to enable &quot;Time Remap&quot; in After Effects?
What is a description along the bottom of a video generally called?
Recording Video Games and uploading to YouTube
How to playback/convert a DV4 file?
Kdenlive Render Effects
Remote pan/tilt/zoom cameras that aren&#39;t expensive
Issue with Opening Downloaded ASF Stream files in Adobe Premiere Pro CC
How to record a slide presentation efficiently with video/audio
Improve chroma key effect in Sony Vegas
How does graphics card&#39;s memory affect video rendering performance?
Old 8mm video recording tapes and standards
How to re-encode a video file&#39;s audio, but leave the video stream with ffmpeg?
How to link URL in flash media player to red5 server
After Effects experience with virtual choir 3D environment
Ideal projection solution for Kinect hack performance
What are the options for manipulating video in live situation? Kinda like a VJ
How can I make an actor cry?
Can I charge to view videos of other people performing?
Adobe Encore and DVD Subpictures inconsistency
Smooth horizontal and vertical camera movement
How to bring a SketchUp Animation into After Effects
Best bitrate to responsive (web) video
Software to Remove a Person from a Video
Video Streaming connection speed
Recommend a good online video host?
Prevent video stutter / lag in h264 on iPad
Arbitrary angles or slices for split screens
Transcoding Satellite online TV Channels to Internet Via Help of Cloud?
What software is used to produce this video?
How to connect a camera to a computer 100ft away?
Removing [&quot;Bounding box&quot;] in Sony Vegas
batch audio + picture slideshow video creation for youtube
Convert VfW-codec based video to &quot;normal&quot; (Windows)
Video too dark on PAL TV
Video Editor for syncing mult camera videos
Is converting DVD to a format to play on a tablet legal (in the UK)
How Can I Eliminate Moir&#233; With Blackmagic 2.5K?
GIF individual frame timing
Is there a way to burn video on dvd and set &quot;expire time&quot; of it to be watched?
Can I use a computer as the processing unit of a video camera instead of the onboard chip?
What software and technique would I use to achieve this effect?
Premiere Pro - How to make a slideshow/compilation
Automatically cut out sections of a video delineated by a sound.
What Is That Misty, Glowing, Saturated Look 2000s Music and Pro Videos Have?
Simple, easy to configure streaming server for linux - just transcode &amp; stream
Freezing/repeating the last frame of a video clip in Apple Motion 5
How to create a video sequence made up of random frames in Final Cut Pro 7?
Invalid timebase converting videos from Galaxy S3
What options are there for hardware encoding/decoding?
How to monitor system sound and mic using Rode Podcaster?
After Effects - Make one frame brighter
320 kbps MP3 -&gt; laptop sound card -&gt; studio headphones = what is the bottleneck?
Technique: remove background by combining two images?
Advice on Weatherproof HD Camera for Streaming Video / Audio
MV 750i image sensor
Windows Software to record from Webcam &amp; Screen
After Effects - Making a compilation
Beginner: what software to combine 2 videos of a dance show
Best way to get synced audio from multi-cam Premiere project into Audition and back
How to position spheres that are created with the CC Ball action?
Help with the epiphan vga2usb frame grabber
How can I accomplish smooth video playback with QLab 2?
iPhone 5 video: continuous shooting without creating independent clips
Using a parameter file for filter option of libav (or ffmpeg)
Youtube Video Resolution Problem
Preventing audio clipping on inexpensive lapel mics
Near natural lighting with softbox wattage between 2400 to 2700?
Easiest way to stitch GoPro videos that have been split due to length?
What are the steps to apply filters to all my video clips in Corel Videostudio?
Techniques and technologies for synchronizing multiple audio and video streams
Why do some camcorders record in 1080i?
Automate turning on and off Twixtor effect in After Effects
Color autocorrected on my Canon G10 in the middle of filming, any tips for editing in post?
Why are Bink compressed videos striped?
Magic Lantern follow focus
After Effects CC slant effect crops artwork
How to Create Fire Light like Ligthing in After Effects
D7000 HD video format - can each frame contain metadata?
Multi Projector Setup
Canon XF100 live stream -- additional hardware needed
Is there a good collection of examples of the different type of video cuts?
How to make this vector animation?
How to smooth out video
Can the VGA port of the laptop be used as input port?
Can I get smoother playback by converting a video to a non-interpolation codec?
Approximate render time in After Effects CS6
Scroll text up (like in credits) then reverse and scroll text down?
How to make a multi-audio video into several video files with one audio track each?
Simple Video Editing Tool?
Single Aplication needed that can cut,split,Flip and add subtitles in large numbers
Software for video cut automation / scripting
Convert vfr mov file to cfr mov file
Adding image to a video file using ffmpeg
Correcting video flicker problem caused by camera&#39;s auto white balance
Video file is inverted. Can it be fixed?
After Effects: how to create a color via expressions
Why to music producers not bother with CD-TEXT
Which video editing software can create this style of title graphic?
How to create Apple Keynote style Picture in Picture video
Format of imported video files in Adobe Premiere
How can i achieve the effect of this video, focused in the foreground with a blurred background?
How to release the work anonymously under the free licence?
Software or video interpretation to create live dance floor effects
How to make this kind of animated video?
What is the difference between Refresh Rate and Flicker Rate?
What is the name of the transition where the new image slides left to right over the old?
How did they make the nice moving shots in this video?
PS2/XBOX to projector
Flagging noteworthy moments during lengthy video recording?
How to convert video for viewing on Sony Ericsson C702?
Is it possible to use Canon G11 as Webcam?
Adobe After Effects MP4 Export Issue
AE: Frame rate and animating solids
Record VGA/DVI with timecode
How to route from mixer to PC when using outboard equipment
Free songs for video production
What video switching application is used for Apple&#39;s Keynotes?
What is the best method to record a home video of multiple players?
Video editor suggestion
Is there a thing that can hold the subject in front of the camera, locked, not moving while shooting video?
47.952 instead of 48 fps?
Origin of &quot;desktop capture engine&quot;
Sync audio and video, equipment?
Forcing kdenlive to adapt its profile to the video clip
Copyright of materials used in a video
Where does the &#39;extra&#39; data come from when transcoding video?
Is there any plugin for After Effects to create a &#39;kinetic typography&#39; video?
After effects: masking not working in select compositions
Scrolling the panel in After Effects
How to derive surface measurements from video
What is the best way to clean the outside of audio/video cables
How does Apple Motion compare to Adobe After Effects?
Are there any mathematical advantages for higher sampling rates?
How can I draw my own textures for my 3D objects?
Video Live Embed from external websites
Wedding Footage from beach - fixing over-exposure and colour balance?
Looking for a DVD menu maker which works best with Sony Vegas
Why doesn&#39;t the Play button Play in Premiere CS6?
Error FFMPEG when convert video to MP4 with baseline presset
How can flicker from a slide projector be removed from existing video footage?
Update keyframe animations only every third frame in After Effects
How to batch process hundreds of videos?
How to reduce wind noise from a video?
Difference Matte Keying software
Framerate wagon wheel effect
Can two GoPro Hero3 cameras be made to capture the same frame from the same spot?
settings for editing in cs4
Is there still a reason to buy camcorders?
Finding a highest megapixel camera for PC
How to clean GoPro footage?
exporting .mov vr to multiple still frames
Windows software for recording multiple video/audio sources?
Does animation make use of any Artificial Intelligence?
How do I communicate with post-production team? Need a list of effects and examples
Is HDMI 1.4 backwards compatible with 1.3?
I am not able to take video with my SD card
How to start and record Flash video stream without recording the player taskbar
Which video editing software is best compatible with RTL languages?
Light settings for indoor shoot - Sony dcr sx60
Clear and informative tutorial on video file formats
Good open source Video Editors?
Modify a sample in a mix using the original sample
What are the various desktop streaming software used by justin.tv and similar sites?
What&#39;s the minimum needed to make a video of my guitar performance with good quality sound?
Analog (PAL) Frame Grabber capable of arround 4 fps
Stream from a windows desktop to multiple TVs/apartments on a separate channel
Searching for video converter that maintains folder structure
Can&#39;t export .mov with premiere pro cs5.5?
How does Salman Khan make his screencasts?
How to convert variable frame rate videos?
Animating shapes vs masks in After Effects
Remove audio tracks from multiple MKV files
What makes iMovie 11 crash when exporting a project?
Command Line Tool for Converting Image Sequence to Quicktime .mov Video
Why is Adobe Premiere Pro / Adobe Media Encoder freezing my computer when rendering?
Why recorded avi speeds up?
Where can I get Rapid?
Minimal working frame rate for H264 codec
Creating a particle system explosion without a collision
Do I need to convert 60fps to 30fps so it will be reproducible?
DSLR RAW video: 1080p or 720p?
Keyboard shortcut for cut video AND sound at current position in premiere cs5.5
Term for upcoming TV summaries (broadcast design)
Make a cinema box around a video clip
Resulting video is bad always on the same place
How to change note value in Ableton Live
FCP vs Motion 5
How to include proof of when a video was made, something that couldn&#39;t be be faked at a later date?
Very Shaky camera but a constant background
Join videos through concatenation
Have to reduce the video size with losing the quality
Export to wide screen (16:9) from Final Cut pro X
Cross Dissolve not available in between clips [Premiere CS6]
FFMPEG output is blocky
What are the tools needed to produce good quality videos on Youtube?
Are comedy shows recorded with live audiences?
Bandicam dramatic fps drop
Join / Concatenate .wmv files
Adobe Premiere CS6 search slidebar
Blur effects on a transparent background leaves a black ghosting effect
Workflow for trimming, encoding, and publishing videos to the web
Hardware solution for live video conversion
How to create a simple DVD with menu and a set of scenes (on a mac)?
Why does iMovie convert a 1.8GB .MTS (AVCHD) file into a 2.2 GB .mov file by reducing resolution?
What specs should I be looking for in a camera to record board-game sessions?
High bitrate in AVCONV converted MPG file causes DVD reading problem
What are the negative effects (if any) for leaving a prosumer comcorder powered 24hrs a day?
How to disable continuos autofocus during video shooting with Canon SX230 HS?
Retaining quality while re-encoding with same codec
How To Get The Webcam To Record From Guitar Rig Directly
Best practice recording VHS to digital
How can I make the particular trail longer in After Effects CS4?
How to render an After Effects composition without DRM protection
When making an animation how can I get a zooming effect?
Software to make a transcript?
Tracking box to full viewport
Pinnacle 16 vs Pinnacle 16 Plus
Glitch effect won&#39;t work
Null object to toggle volume in After Effects?
How could I recreate this stroke effect in After Effects and/or Sony Vegas?
AE - Randomly place ~100 layers and then move to the middle
Fair use with copyrighted material
Create Project Template in Adobe Premiere cs6
Are stars in Movies realistic?
Is it possible to alter the playback *preview* speed?
Can Sony Vegas Pro be used or compared to the output produced by Final Cut Pro for professional use?
Using cell phone camera to record and play back in theaters?
Video &amp; Audio Kit on a Budget
AWB and Auto ISO in fast moving scenes
Overloading in a Mackie profx8
Adobe Premiere Pro CS6 Shortening Video
create subtitles track by automatic timing of existing text
Understanding Region of Interest selection in a Camera
Using 1080i on a 720P monitor will produce better image/video quality?
Best way to edit multi screen footage into one clip.
What is this 5 second interval cut technique called?
Would it be legal to use Cott-produced, generic beverages in a film?
Sending real time audio from the field unit to the radio studio over 3G
Recommendations for HD camcorder for all-day static recording?
Which ND filter should I use?
Software Advice for producing video ads
How can I transcode a PAL-formatted videotape in the United States?
Why is Audio and Video out of Sync during recording?
How to import youtube video into premiere cs4
MP4 video rendering differently on different browsers and different machines
ALL-I vs IPB. Which one to use
What software do movies use for FX?
Dropping framerate when recording games with Bandicam
Detecting a particular colour
How to ignore file name extensions while replacing source files for online editing in Premiere?
Which software should I use for making an YouTube intro for videos on a channel, and how long would I take to learn it?
Auto ISO for shooting videos with DSLR
Canon 650D HD movie stop after 10-12 sec
Beginning video editing (colouring eyes on a moving face)
Why is compression rarely included as a builtin effect?
Video recording using external microphone and smartphone
How to make an Ableton Live project a set time
Is it still necessary to fill in gaps in sequence?
Lines on my H.264 video export
After Effects CS6 : Template Compositions
Adding 3d animations in a video
What can cause Bluray disks burned from Encore to get laggy/skippy?
How do I decide if 14ms response time in IPS LCD monitor enough?
Videomapping tutorials
Recording Video of iPad
Canon 600D/ T3i Video Output and Converting?
How to trim a video with frame precision using ffmpeg?
Premiere export to WMV causes aliasing
Why does Premiere Pro 6 Generate Peak Files?
Best Program for combining Images and Videos onto a DVD with menu
how to join video files?
Hardware Screencasting Help
Having problems with fade in
What compression should I use for archiving VHS tapes to HDD?
Blacking out specific pixels in MP4 without re-encoding
Editing a 640x480 mp4 in premiere CS4
Record and stream what&#39;s on my screen
Converting an MPG data file burned to disc to a burned &quot;video disc&quot; for set-top DVD players
Where to start Transcoding with FFMPEG?
Best way to edit mashup video of downloaded movies?
Is it better to have a player application stretch the video or to use a resolution that matches the video file?
What are or where to find SDI record start/stop ancillary packet specification for Sony, Red or Panasonic
Premiere Pro CS6 preview problem: other application shows through
How can I rename a footage .ai file for AE without breaking the references?
Is it possible to store subtitle srt files in an m3u playlist file?
How are 3-dimensional overlays synchronized with videos?
How to make the rest of the mask transparent in Premier Pro CS6?
Setting up (negative?) midi delay in ableton
Video compression for Beginner, where to start?
Live-video beginner, where to start?
How can I create the blurring effect in a video like this?
Keynote video pausing/playing
Miro does not convert the entire file when converting to webm
Scrolling rainbow when projector screen is in frame
Calibrate internal camera under Windows
How to dynamically add texture to an object in a video and get a new video?
What are the rights to exported video from the Apple&#39;s Keynote app?
What is the smallest video size possible in Sony Vegas Pro?
Why filmmaking with DSLR?
How can 1080p films be so disproportionally lightweight?
How do I make something sound &quot;cloudy&quot; as though my ears are plugged using Ableton Live?
Amateur orchestra recording/post-processing
TitleBox .seq2 animation files
fps resampling dilema
Is Open-Source -film production possible with open-source tools?
Stretch or Change Timing in After Effects
MHL HDMI to HDMI
how to do an amplitude modulation in Ableton Live
DSLR filmmaking tutorials and tips
How to get Greek symbols (alpha, beta) in Cinema4D text
CamTwist + Blackmagic Intensity Thunderbolt Shuttle Settings
Calibrate EQ Using Speaker SPL Graph
Does HD necessarily mean clear, high quality images?
Cluster laser stage lighting
What Happens to Frequencies Above the Nyquist Limit?
Thunderbold to HDMI ---&gt; HDMI Switch ---&gt; Saeco projector = No Video
Digital video cameras optical zoom vs lenses
What exactly is a voyeur shot in cinematography?
Hacking up a podcast functionality with the Behringer XENYX 1202FX.
Export rotated video out of Adobe Premiere
Adobe Premiere CS6 stuck at 0% exporting still images
what hardware can I use to connect a Laserdisc player to my laptop?
What are the placards in this picture?
My Canon Powershot SX40 stops recording regularly and predictably.
Canon EOS 550D video
How to use cloning effect if the clips are overlapping themselves?
How do I edit source material from DVDs in Final Cut Pro?
Recommended Encoding for VHS to Digital to be Followed by Post Processing
Which software gets the fastest rendering times?
Best video performance with the Nikon 5100?
Blur whole text and then &quot;unblur&quot; part of it
recording to multiple locations
Is it there a way to create a video playout system? (Preferably in Linux)
how to make video scribe or whiteboard animation?
Why does After Effects not enable me to work with 60FPS?
RG6 vs RG59 HD-SDI cables for live stream
Scan Library for music track
Bluray I/O speed
What is the best way to record from a single fixed camera?
Recommendation to Shooting Long Videos
Why does all timecode start at 1 hour? (01:00:00:00)
What&#39;s the right setup for recording programming talks?
Calibrate Graphic EQ without SPL Meter
Non-Linear Video Editor for Free or Cheap That Does These Things
Should I use a GoPro Hero 3 Black for recording drama?
How do you make videos like this one?
Avid import wmv file, just audio no video
How to mask out brush in After effects
Unwanted letterboxing using Wirecast
GH2 HDMI out on MX02 &amp; Black Magic (Need for studio recording)
How to assign roto to another layer in After Effects
How to gradually colourize an object in after effects
Lightworks problems importing, editing, and exporting using Canon EOS Rebel T3i
What is the benefit to using multiple RED rocket cards?
Favoriting/Subclipping with Long Clips in Timeline in FCPX
How do I take optically faithful videos of glow props in the dark?
How can I move a floating text or image with the video?
Camera for live feed-transfer to external monitor in adjacent room?
how can I smoothly move a camera without a dolly?
Is it good practice to have a film&#39;s supporters contact film festival program directors?
Is there a video player where I can draw on top of video?
focal length vs shutter speed vs fps
How to record live video using camcorder?
Avoiding motion blur from a network camera
Looking for a Graphics program
Final Cut X Events missing
Is it possible to encode video using the same codec and container but different parameters for different scenes?
Video editing objects from black and white to colour
Reverse Darkening Face Out
Accessing the Layer Panel in After Effects
Add subtitles to an audio track
Flipping Video Animation, How?
segment does not contain sync frame
What is the highest rated HDMI category available?
What hardware/software to get fastest possible access time in AVC/h264 files?
What codec will my Youtube uploads be output in and what codec should I use to upload?
placing text in video filmed environments
Bulk/Mass Edit Video Audio?
how accurate frequency does a PC speaker produce
TV resolution/compatibility
Record on laptop from streaming camera via RCA cable
Native SDI-output vs HDMI-SDI adapter for live stream
Tool to transcode Canon PF24 MTS files to native 24p?
how do I interpret this number?
Any DSLR monitors around 3 inches?
How do I accurately calibrate an external on-camera LCD monitor?
Color temperature
zooming animation is not smooth in Premiere CS6
White Balance/ Filters
How to compensate for red oversaturation and contrast increase?
Does alpha matte version of a clip allows to change the pattern
Marvel-like Image Flipping Technique
How to create a x264 (mp4) video with the smallest size using ffmpeg that has just 1 image through entire video?
How can I make a video such that the quality degrades if someone tries to record it using screen recording software?
Footage feels &quot;faster&quot; when exporting from After Effects
Adobe Premiere Elements 10: File &gt; Export is greyed out
Split-screen closed-circuit sports recording
Web Videos via Watch Folders Transcode
motion effects missing from adobe premiere elements 10
Record and edit two videos at same time
What export settings should I use in Premiere Pro for iBooks Author videos?
Convert Uncompressed AVI to JPEG2000 in MXF
No experience with AE, I want to create a Kinetic Typographic video. Am I being too ambitious?
Capture Date For Video
How to change the start time of track in Final Cut Pro X?
Emulate iMovie PIP exchange effect in Final Cut Pro X
Video file format won&#39;t play
Equipment/setup recommendations (1 camcorder, 1 mic)
Last bit of RGB changed
adding depth and motion to images for video
Satellite DVR: Cant play recording on computer
After Effects Alternative for Windows
What techniques are used to create this 1-minute motion graphic?
How best to find literature on motion graphics design
Looking for a tile slideshow transition effet
Tips for recording pen and paper
After Effects quality drops
What software do I need to edit commercials out of recorded sports games?
How can I sync two videos together in Corel VideoStudio Pro X3
DVD playback jagged
After Effects: Importing Illustrator sequence?
Easiest way to create a continuous shot effect using multiple cameras?
Format to view on iOS and PS3?
Color grading ; Anybody familiar working with Da-Vinci Resolve?
Best rendering output for 720px X 480px Sony Vegas Pro 12
How to force After Effects to interpret footage at a specific framerate?
Music-sync&#39;d Strobe effect in video
Annotating sports video: design principles?
Traditional animation techniques and 30fps software animation?
GPUs for motion graphics
How much storage does video editing take?
Tips for making multiple video shoots appear Continuous in color?
Quality Full HD Camcorder - DSLR or dedicated one?
How to buy a decent monitor
How do I speedup encoding of a video that has just 1 static frame with ffmpeg and lib264 library?
Configure file naming &amp; presents in Adobe Media Encoder
Fastest way to add a timestamp to a video
How to encode a video for the iPhone with Handbrake
suction-cup lamps for video lighting
Effective working at audio/video editing sessions (avoid fatigue making steady progress)
Easy way of editing keyframes in adobe Premiere
What can I use to build a live video recording, streaming, marking application / platform?
Why must a sample rate by at least twice a frequency in order to reproduce that frequency accurately?
Save frame with current camera angle
what&#39;s a good basic app to edit stop motion video?
How can I change the default Production file save location in Camtasia Studio?
Cheap solution to shoot during several hours at night?
How to make a video from a still image and an audio file?
Automatic conversion/encode video for Video On Demand streaming
What is a good utility for trimming .dv files without losing metadata?
How can I stitch together several m2ts video files into one large file?
How do I move (rearrange) the orientation of a video?
Difference between 4K Edition and 4K Cineform
Batch resize videos with &quot;pan and scan&quot; cropping
Lossless extracting of JPEGs from an MJPEG video
Windows software to turn a 3gp video on its side before upload?
merge and convert swf
How much to charge for a re-posting of a video?
How do I remove audio from all files in a directory with ffmpeg?
Matching a camera in a 3D scene based on a photo
Which software to batch join videos and add a chapter for each?
Which technology do YouTube and Vimeo use for processing 1080 HD Video?
Which software use people in PBS? FCP or Premiere?
Orange Bar in Final Cut Pro X 10.0.6
Documentary with the actors from e.g. The Outer Limits or The Twilight Zone etc.?
4K camcorder question
Adobe Premiere Elements 11 Crash Issues (Adobe Premiere Elements has stopped working)
Windows Live Movie Maker Output Video Quality Low
Video editor with basic color correction for commodity hardware?
Fixing a badly telecined 8mm film digitization
Can I Use Long Manfrotto QR Plates on a short head?
Looking for an 80&#39;s VHS effect!
Preventing flicker when recording live presentations
What is/are the best free tool/tools for editing my videos?
Old video tape effect in Premiere Pro
Simple way of clipping video files?
Why does the color red always appear pixelated on TV and videos on the PC?
Is it possible to convert a AVCHD video stored in a MTS file loss-less without recoding into a Blue-Ray video disk?
Premiere 6 - how to add black between clips in a sequence automatically
How to reverse video in different software packages
Entire Track Velocity in Sony Vegas
Looking for a free dvd burning program which has basic video editing to make a menu?
Batch video editing software that can trim without re-encoding
Will lens softness be visible in DSLR video?
Recommendable production codecs for Adobe video products
How do I specify baseline H264 profile using FFmbc?
What is a projector&#39;s &quot;pixel frequency&quot;?
Why is this ffmpeg command outputting such long clips?
Simulating a camera flash
Is importing to Aperture then editing in iMovie a viable workflow?
How to get closed captions to appear on a live stream
720p 60fps playing in slow motion need real time speed?
Using Multicam Editing How to Color Correct an entire angle
Recommandation for a 360 degrees video camera for developers
ffmpeg - convert video to iDevice format, replace sound with normalized WAV file, while maintaining the original video quality?
Software to combine two videos of the same scene?
How do you play a clip backwards in Sony Vegas?
open-source or free AVCHD conversion to image sequence
How to convert large iMovie-imported videos preservig aspect ratio?
Reverse engineering: which video editing software was used on this video?
Compress or convert .mov to lighter format
What kind of camera do I need to record a moving object in order to do motion tracking?
Repairing brightness problems caused by auto lighting optimizer
Why does media show up in Final Cut but errors when rendering in Compressor?
Avoid Rendering in Final Cut Pro: Smaller Frame Size?
Why not filming computer or TV screens?
3d max change the opacity of an object&#39;s edges rendered in After Effects.
Comment about a video
How would you go about finding out when a digital video was made?
How to parent a mask to another element in AfterFX?
How to tune a musicbox
Problems with rendering a Windows Movie Maker video
Is there an online video converter?
How could an 8-bit encoding take more memory than a 10-bit encoding?
What software can I use to make &quot;stop motion&quot; video from existing video material
cross platform software to convert video to image sequence
Audio Not Playing on Imported Video Files
What software can we use to create this slideshow video
Encoding DNxHD using ffmbc
How do I prevent Quality loss in the beginning of a video?
How to force ffmpeg to insert keyframe at first frame when downsampling a framerate of a video with x264 vcodec
Transcription Methods/Times
Will lens softness be apparent on DSLR video footage?
What ffmpeg/avconv format and container will Adobe Premiere Pro accept, out-of-box?
How to stay objective after viewing your edit hundreds of times?
I can&#39;t buy a streak filter where I live. How do I go about making myself one for my DSLR?
do TV broadcasts provide localized advertisements by altering the TV photo
What is the best way to capture PC footage?
Panasonic&#39;s AVCHD video format: questions about quality, compatability, conversion
After effects: Moving text along 3D path
Timelapse Countdown Timer in After Effects
Canon 60 PC Adobe Premiere and After Effects Workflow
Certain audio tracks not rendering
Recorded video changes dimensions while play
Video tutorials: how to add labels, comments, arrows etc
Opening WMV files in Virtual Dub
How to make an iPad like commercial video?
2 h264/mp4 files does not merging in right way by mp4box
What tool should I use to animate text on an EXTREMELY high resolution &quot;screen&quot;?
FCP Editing: Timeline Footage Looks terrible in timeline &amp; export its 4:3
Getting Started with Webcasting and Video conferencing
Calculate projected area in Cinema 4D
What codecs/formats are appropriate for full motion video recording for youtube?
Tricky full body video conferencing
Creating effects/transitions in AviSynth or Lightworks
Embedding subtitles with Virtual Dub
How does the “AUTO TAKE” feature on the Panasonic WJ-MX12 work?
Is there a decent computer based, multiple video stream capture solution out there?
Canon DSLR that changes aperture in Video
Software to capture high quality screen-casts
Can I combine preserve order and combine order of multiple imports when creating a time-lapse in Cineform Studio?
What camera to use for classroom/lecture recording?
Import Theora video into Premiere Elements
What is this filming technique called and how do I do it?
Looking for recommendations on editing Premier Pro on a MacBook Pro
24hour non stop recording in a single file on a 128Gb SDXC?
Advantage of converting GoPro video files with GoPro CineForm?
What is the current status of rolling-shutter-free CMOS sensors on the market?
Will a lower resolution while rending cut down rendering time
How to make a Camera Slider with bearings?
.Mov file corrupted after QuickTime Exporting for web
Making a gif from a video
Video stream with delay
JVC Everio GZ-MS90E aspect ratio is 5:4 instead of 16:9
Windows 7 - multiple programs with conflicting sound output
What software do I need to convert a DVD to common formats? And what are the recommended formats?
What is the name of this minimalist film genre?
Are there free OpenFX plugins available?
Focusing away from Premiere causes playback crash
Shooting with a camera and then pausing while recording
Tool to clip segments of a video
Simple software program for converting H264 video in to flashvideo flv for website?
How to automatically synchronize two recordings of the same event?
Any video editing software with own codecs?
Final Cut: how to playback sequence while capturing video?
Managing big Canon 7D files in Premiere CS5.5 with an average computer
Trying to help a west coast fan in an east coast world
Slow HD video whilst editing
How to alternate between two video clips in Premiere Pro CS6
How to add closed captioning to MPEG-2, QuickTime MOV, or AVI/DV for cable broadcast?
how to convert a video to black and white color without any shades
Is firewire better than USB for live webcasting - Video
Is there any way to play corrupted .MOV video file
Importing an .fcp file into FCPX
Audio and Frames Not in Sync in RAM Preview
video recorded with Mac&#39;s Photo Booth doesn&#39;t match session length. Can this be fixed?
Effects LEDs are uncomfortably bright - can they be dimmed? (Boss ME-70)
How can I stream to a single channel, from multiple geographical locations?
Selecting all clips on the right of the playhead
Adobe After Effects Frame-By-Frame Editing
What is the name of that color test in video production with the beep?
Converting DVD to still images
Recording 2-4 live video feeds in sync
Livestreaming Youtube
Canon DSLR home-video. Need advice
Auto-Orient, Wrong Rotation on Last Keyframe in After Effects
How to save multiple QuickTimes but flatten audio tracks so that youtube/vimeo will accept it
How can I add fade in and fade out effects to a video?
How good is a DSLR video?
Cleaning tracked keyframes in After Effects
Unable to render file larger than 4 Gigs in Sony Vegas 10
Video file playback issue
Video Subtitles Specification [CHK and PAC]
Seeking free and simple way to brighten a dark video
Timelapse video with meta information on every frame
What does ALL-I mode mean?
Should I just get a gaming PC for audio/video production?
I changed the .mp4 extension of my video to .mpg and it still opens and plays fine (in VLC and in Windows Media Player). Why is this so?
Are there any downloadable samples of 48 fps video?
Canon xf105 blending frames at 24p?
How to record a video of computer screen movements
Templates for video production?
Software to add text from file
How to create a ragdoll effect on a human?
What is good software for building 2D parallax videos?
Why is after effects turning my Prores audio into white noise
How to choose a VCR for pulling stock footage from VHS for theatrical release
Good place to learn about every option/button in Adobe After Effects?
Question about using the DeShaker plug-in for VirtualDub
Software to create nice presentations/infographics
How to create super smooth slow motion clips in After Effects that will be edited in Premiere Pro
Automatically capturing stills from video presentation
Best way of presenting both 720p and 1080p screencasts
Are there any wearable IP cameras?
Is it possible that the actual video resolution of the t2i/550d is not 1920x1080
How to create a rolling ball with Python in Blender?
Options to speed up Hobbyist Rendering?
Pixelate effect when converting MOV to FLV via FFMPEG
Best way to output two streams, and add lower thirds keying to one stream?
filming objects that emit light in low light conditions
Repeating Flashing Text in After Effects
Where to place a camera to record Swimming
Burn a single HD video into a DVD without losing quality
Simple editing without re-encoding from the GoPro AVC codec?
Animation over video
Is there any option for mirror imaging in video editing software?
Compress video while keeping details
How to lay one video over another
How do DVDs avoid the blockyness that plagues dark scenes in most video files?
After effects rendering
Shoot moving clouds
How does one edit and save clips once and reuse in multiple videos with Adobe Premiere?
Is there a standard resolution for Video Presentations?
How do you subtitle a video?
How to add text to specific animation frames
Sony Vegas 10 Video made from smaller quicktime mov videos look crap on youtube
How much is a good framerate for slo-mo recording?
Animation in videos
Adobe Premiere Pro Says Exporting, No File Produced
How can I prevent adobe media encoder from trimming the end of the video?
What equipment do I need to be able to produce &#39;HD quality&#39; videos?
Two questions regarding setting up a podcast with Behringer 1202fx mixer and a dual channel compressor limiter gate
How can I reuse an effect sequence in FCPX?
Not able to play 13Mb video file
Motion and shape tracking in After Effects CS5.5
Camera shake produces ripple-like effect
What&#39;s a good camera to shoot a low-budget short film with?
Motion tracking in screen recording
What would you recommend me to record videos while playing Xbox360
Adobe Premiere &amp; Final Cut Pro project file standard?
Hardware to rotate a video signal 90 degrees?
Video Archiving Tool
Video Capturing Cards - What to Buy on the Cheap for HD Quality?
How to re-edit and/or duplicate an in-progress edit with YouTube Video Editor
Building a presentation video
Adding voiceover without video recompression
How do I recover truncated AVI/DV video?
Where can I publish a 50 fps video?
Practical algorithms for rate adaptation
Lossless HDCP stripper?
Background color of MP4 rendering incorrectly in QuickTime
Can QuickTime Pro Edit mp4 files?
How can I see each frame of a mpeg transport stream under windows?
Looking to intentionally distort video
What are the audio production capabilities in Sony Vegas Pro because I see mostly plug-ins only?
How to use Pinnacle Studio 9 effects in newer versions?
GPUs and software for FAST realtime VisFX?
How do I PROPERLY slow down a 60 fps clip in Vegas Pro 11?
Mobile Tethered Video Shooting
Is there any format for videos like RAW format for photos?
Does anybody get a strobing effect when filming video with the D90?
What software was used to create this stylized screencast for Disqus 2012?
What is the difference between mkv and mp4 files?
Opteka CXS-2 vs Glidecam HD-2000
putting 24/7 live radio on website
How to join 2 youtube videos with different ratios (16:9 and 4:3)?
Does my macbook display port support video input?
is there a movie recording tool for dslr connected to phones?
Very simple question: converting DVD/VOB to (say) AVI
How do I &#39;downgrade&#39; an Adobe Premiere Pro project file to open in older versions?
How to create a new stereo mix from one channel in Premiere pro cs5.5
How can I capture multiple computer screens and put them onto a single video stream?
Switching and Cutting Video and Audio Items Separately
Creating a split screen video of a multitrack recording
How can I align photos for stop motion?
Best H.264 settings for low bit-rate streaming video
After Effects - How do I create animated coding
Editing AVCHD on older XP host?
How to figure out video format by video sample?
Cheapest way to convert from toslink to 4 channel analog audio?
How can I create this 3D text video presentation?
Which Text falling and flipping animation preset or plugin is used in after effects
How to critique promotional videos?
Why is my video alternating between blurry and sharp?
For time-lapse videos, what software should one use?
Command-line tool to split video at timepoints?
Automated Commercial Recorder
Corrupt video when playing through JW Player
How do they create the AT&amp;T Video Bill?
Camera setup for quick preview/editing
How can I use my JVC as a webcam on my HP pavilion laptop?
Extract section from Premiere without re-compression
How do I.T. conferences record and synchronise video, audio and slides?
How to avoid problems when filming in a bath house
Final Cut Express vs. Final Cut Pro X vs. Final Cut Studio
What type of media server software do I need to transcode in near real time?
How can I create or where can I download (royalty free) sound that goes well with a &quot;bad TV&quot;-effect?
Can&#39;t add Motion Blur to layer imported from Photoshop
What is the point of the ethernet plug: SoundCraft Si Compact 32?
Video clip is smaller dimensions than project. How to change the color of extra space?
What is the best workflow solution for editing a movie in FCPX and creating specific effects for it in Motion 5?
Reverse the blade tool (merge clips together)
Checking duration of a marker-created subclip in Final Cut?
Display clip length on timeline in Avid MC 6?
Rearange order of audio tracks in Premiere
What&#39;s the best before editing format to convert to?
What should I look for in a video capture device from a Satelite Reciever to PC?
Choosing the right program for video editing
Gradient banding
Tool for cutting and joining multiple parts of a video
Recording Video From one PC to Another
solution for archiving digital video
How can I set clip color in Avid media composer 6
What are some good resources for learning Motion 4?
Problem exporting a mixture of PAL and ProRes 422 in FCP
Want to try green screen with my elementary students. What do we need. Using Mac OS 10.5.8
Final Cut Pro 7: Zoom without using “scale”
How to create a good short video with limited supplies and time
Extract streams from WebM
Adobe After Effects vs. Final Cut Express for chroma keying
Recommended format for a large embedded stop motion animation on website?
Changing position creates loss of quality in Premiere Pro CS5
How to get battery status of aftermarket battery on Canon camcorder
Video Output to TV is shutting down on full speed playback of video, or split screen display
Frame rate conversion during playback for maximal smoothness
Nvidia Cuda video encoder - output frame size
Choosing a frame-rate for an animation project
tools for 2d animation video
What media can I legally include into my videos?
How to technically tell if a video has been sped up or not?
How can I make a video more seekable?
How To See The Dimension Of A Still Image in Adobe Premier
How to make a fake 3d effect (The Matrix 3d rotation style) from 2 video sources?
Best transcoding path using Sorenson Squeeze for AVCHD video?
Reasonable hardware for basic video editing?
Is there a way to find out if the current frame is a keyframe in Premiere Elements 10?
H.264, 1 FPS, 640x480 Resolution - What bit rate should I be using?
The cable of the tv antenna lies on the heater
What&#39;s the right project profile for my WVGA60 videos in Premiere Elements 10?
Lowest-Latency in Guitar/Vocal software-based effects?
Filming a football game from inside the goal. Which camera is best?
What could be causing these strange MP4 video playback corruptions on some machines?
Scaling optimal video frame dimensions
Whats the difference between a sekonic light meter CINE version vs non-cine version
Broadcasting video and bandwidth issue
Music video lighting with small budget?
Halogen brightness for video
How to make a video of an iPad (or other tablet) screen
How can I add a transition between two cuts of the same clip in Premiere Pro CS5?
Environments in which to stage an animated scene
About projector (beamers) usage
Is there a way to link the animation of two layers?
What&#39;s a good, cheap, piece of gear to start with when adding lighting equpment to your toolset?
Remove noise in video post production
How do I detect scene changes in Adobe Premiere?
Rendering video with pixel aspect ratio 0.9091 (in premiere CS5.5)
Live Streaming and Recording Simultaneously
Closed Caption formats - support for overlapping phrases
Projecting image from computer that is a distance away
Frequency of refreshing for a green wall
What exactly does &quot;Ethernet-capable HDMI cable&quot; mean?
Timing of script pages
Looking For A Video Editor that will maintain the codecs of the original source video
How to create film sounds like those booms?
Is it possible to hook up a Component video cable (like those from the Wii) to an old TV that only has classic RCA?
What is this device?
Audio cd ripping with AccurateRip
How to simulate a photo being taken from the photographer&#39;s POV in a film?
What is a good efficient way to isolate clips from long movies?
Is 18 mm enough for video?
Tripod duel, which one is the best?
Do I need tripods etc. for filming?
How to burn HD videos with menu system onto DVD media?
Converting from 8mm Video Tapes to Digital (PC)
What is the best way to distribute an audio/video feed from a computer to TVs over existing indoor coax cable?
Is there a way to manage Final Cut project files under Linux or Windows?
Encode MPEG-4 to DVD Format Without Doubling File Size
Is it possible to recreate VirtualDub Deshaker functionality in Adobe Premiere/After Effects?
Bad video camera + little money = decent video quality
How to help the autofocus feature of an amateur camcorder
Professional text animation software
Is the Canon 550d ideal for documentary video production?
How much film do I need (in feet/meters)?
Periodicals/magazines/blogs for cinematography?
Hardsubbing ASS onto MPEG4
synchronizing video and audio in a remuxed MKV
Does the M4V file type have direct support for Audio?
Which decoder allows for fast seeking or how to configure k-lite codec pack?
Dynamic saturation exaggeration
Is there a Jahshaka manual?
Does a real &quot;megapixel lens&quot; exist?
Lighting and Camera Angle of the Video
video bitrate - how large should my video be?
What does it mean to &quot;check a waveform monitor to make sure that my highlights weren&#39;t clipping too much&quot;?
What Beginner Video Editing Software Should I Use?
How to create timelapse video using CR2 RAW files?
How do I mute my monitors while leaving headphones on?
What are the features you look for in an SLR when you mainly want it to shoot video
Workflow for making interesting videos
Are there any good video editing apps for photographers?
Tips to make a stopmotion walk
Does canon EOS 1000D support video recording?
What&#39;s the best setup to transfer a digital or analog video over 100 ft?
Is it possible to make changes over several clips at the same time when color correcting?
First steps in time lapse
What are the advantages camcorders have over zoom digital cameras?
How would I develop AGFA Moviechrome 40 film?
What is the difference between an amateur and a professional camcorder?
Reading material for technical aspects of timecode and alignment
Adobe Premiere Pro CS4 - Looping a clip
What applications can I film in and integrate photos, and narrating on iMac/iPhone/Maybe iPad 
Lag during clip playback in Premiere Pro CS5
How do I assemble a Dynacam Flycam 5000 (AKA ProAim Flycam)?
Color correction workflow
Is the high-framerate crop mode in the Red Scarlet camera practical?
Paper camera software filters for post-production?
Screen-record tablet ink drawing on top of recorded video?
Understanding Video Formats and Attributes for use in FCP7
High-end graphics cards: is it needed or useless for video editing at i5 machine with quicksync?
Can&#39;t figure out which projector fits these features
H.264 encoder with CLEAR options for specifying minimum &amp; maximum video bitrate?
Streaming with a Sony NX5
WMV vs MP4 Streaming &amp; Download
How to preserve new audio when importing Premiere projects into After Effects?
From Avid Media Composer to DVD?
How can I make &quot;videosongs&quot;?
Cool Edit Pro alternative for Mac?
Decoding and Using VITC?
QoS for video streaming
What is a good workflow for producing High quality High definition Videos suitable for a final upload to the internet.
Brightness and contrast ratio, inversely proportional?
Live video processing
Best software tool to process image/video and obtain greatest level of zoom?
Importing an unsupported file type into Premiere Pro CS5
Final Cut Express: Flip a Video Clip
Which cameras produce video that can be edited on a mac without transcoding?
Choosing an import format: AAF vs OMF
How do video producers cope with matching or normalising inputs from multiple differing devices?
Is this projector capable of 1080i resolution?
What is the orbiting technique involved for this scene [youtube]?
What settings should I use when recording my child&#39;s play in a dark theater?
Need webcam presentation software for digital projectors
I&#39;m not happy with Final Cut Pro (X). What are my options?
What program can develop videos like ....?
Graphical editor for OggKate
Why use 35 mm film raw stock and camera?
What metadata can be stored in a .dv file?
Creating a &quot;finger using device&quot; effect like in iPhone app ads
What are some simple video editor with Masking capability?
How to insert dynamic data into a produced video
Convert a 60 fps video to a 24 (film) video - is it possible?
Are there any (visible) differences between R1 and R2 DVDs (or blu-rays, thereof)?
What&#39;s the difference between a DVCAM tape that is mini and a MiniDV tape?
Is it possible to charge a panasonic HDC SD900 while filming?
How Do I Film A Rotating Object With White Background?
Which container format for ProDVX F150
How to add motion blur in timelapse videos?
Is it possible to hook up an external mic to a Nikon D90 to get better sound for video?
What should I be looking for in a low cost color correcting monitor?
Convolution matrix for converting 1080i to DVD?
Is there an easy method for detecting or marking the actual sample frequency?
Hardware/workflow for HD multicam shooting on a budget
How do I filter a voice recording to sound like a NES game sample?
Best approach to go through tv series, annote key scenes?
Hardware/software to project video wirelessly?
Change sequence frame size Final Cut Express 4
How can I put a camera with a standard tripod point on my head?
Why do weathermen and amateurs use green screens when professional movie makers use blue screens?
Vertically shifted Image through RCA/Chinc connector
What mounting adapter do I need for this shotgun mic?
De-Interlace footage in Avid Media Composer using standard effects
How do you load a Bolex H-16?
Creating a sith lightning effect
What is the difference between a fishpole and a boom pole?
How to make a single video out of few pics of different resolution and videos of different resolution
Sony DCR-TRV140E Digital 8 tape problem
Combining multiple Videos
Final Cut Express 3.5 HD quits unexpectedly
Premier Pro versus Final Cut Pro
Very Good Free Lossless/Lossy Video Encoding For Editing on Windows 7 (regarding fraps recordings)
Removing an undesired object from a clip in Final Cut
How can I find specific PRO grade gear when CONSUMER grade dominates the search results.
Producing DVDs that play everywhere
Automatically split takes into individual files in Final Cut Pro
Is there any relation between a Exposure &amp; Flicker 
Things to do during shoot to prevent loss of quality during extreme colour grading in post?
File compatibility for Final Cut Pro 7 project files with Adobe Premiere Pro CS4
The color in my Final Cut PX Viewer is way off
Simple Squib (gun wound)
Converting SECAM VHS to a digital format
Is there a method (or tool) to convert video from a SWF container to another more portable format (e.g., H.264)
The ProRes of Premiere Pro?
What exactly is AVCHD?
Indexing audio for video editing
Sony TV RCA output into Yamaha HS80M input via RCA male to XLR male: Is it safe?
Best Digital recorder for use as a ‘body pack’ + good field recorder?
How to handle extreme dynamic range in a vocalist?
Methods of Amplifying Poor Audio from Camcorder Recording?
