MLA in-text Citations with no author, as well as same title?
Possible Mage Jobs in an Urban Fantasy
How to write romance without falling into clich&#233;?
Do publishers prefer a particular type of poem?
Technical Documentation Voice Preference : &quot;Active Voice&quot; - &quot;Passive Voice&quot; - A Mixture of both
Is the word block in &#39;block D&#39; capitalized?
How to balance for readers who are not technologically literate
How should I translate this?
Writing about a real place
Capitalization of Open form Compound Words in Titles
What is an APA-certified editor?
How to ask for response in an official letter?
Book translations for a student
Should postal address formats change when translated?
What makes a piece &quot;lyrical&quot;?
How to write good erotic scene?
Ideas for novel
Novels with usage of whip
what qualities do you see in a true traveller?
What&#39;s the proper way to cite multiple interviews across a paper in Chicago Style?
How political can an author&#39;s note be, would the following fly?
Can a Town/City Sue an Author for a Bad Portrayal in Fiction?
Using expletives in an essay
Examples in APA format
How many commas is too many?
Stutter that changes words mid sentence
Adding the word &quot;that&quot; to maintain symmetry in sentences
How to write an essay on a very narrow field
What exactly is &quot;fair comment?&quot;
Filter Words in Dialog
A grand scheme or destiny in literature
Should I indent the first line of the first paragraph in a chapter?
The extent of obscure references
Writing a scientific name in an italized phrase?
What is a good location to publish my research in a public setting?
How many copies did &quot;The Metamorphosis&quot; by Franz Kafka sold?
Should I write &quot;also known as&quot; in full or as an acronym (aka)?
What are common academic categories of a story’s relationship to an audience?
What are some common pitfalls when adapting a novel (thematic autobiographic in this case) to a screenplay?
Any helpful tips on how to, better use description in my writing?
Chicago- Paraphrasing a whole page from Author into 1 paragraph- what is the citation?
Multiple authors in MLA header
How do I write numbers in dialogue?
What other academic disciplines aside from literature can a writer who hates mathematics specialize in?
Serial killer across states - Jurisdiction
How should I write a post containing analysis and python code?
Order of names in title
Please review my statement of purpose style
How to write a &quot;state of the art&quot; chapter
What techniques are used to create a stone-cold killer whom the reader would still enjoy reading about?
Can I Use &quot;You?&quot;
What are some regular contests unpublished short story authors might enter?
Problem with hired freelance editor
How to make easy and fast money selling a short book (which is available for download)?
Why are the paragraphs of an document often indented and not vertically separated?
How to separate scenes in a chapter?
How can I convey dates (with ordering) for events happening under different dating systems, e.g. a Sci-Fi story spread over the galaxy?
the use of &quot;now&quot; in past tense
Is there a &quot;literary Olympus&quot; in the current publishing landscape?
How do you effectively develop a plot when you have a proper back story?
How to engage a child audience when my characters have no language?
First-time author...can I publish in English in Mexico?
Gracefully state novelty of a thesis in the introduction
How to write a press release
Description and speech in one paragraph?
When should I use punctuation with bullets?
Horror story for a game - how to create dread?
What is the main inner conflict in Harry Potter?
How can I capture the voice of an insane person?
How to cite a film quote using MLA in text citations
Consequences of autobiographical stories whose events are potentially illegal?
Clear steps for developing a powerful inner conflict
Writing a PhD thesis. Question about (an informal) introduction
Should I turn my enormous novel into a series?
How do you convey nonverbal utterances?
If the agency doesn&#39;t state specifically, should I send my query to a specific agent, or to it in general?
How to choose a good/suitable pseudonym
Why do writers sometimes use so much description?
Any Good Method for Calculating Word Count Based on An Outline?
How to decide the position of short phrases?
How to name characters of unspecific nationality and race?
When is it best to use a bulleted list, a table, a sentence, or something else?
How ordinary must my protagonist be if the book is written from his/her point of view?
How do I create the rest of the story when I only know the ending?
Citing someone&#39;s work, copying and pasting fragment. Is that OK?
Is there a free online alternative to Scrivener?
Multiple sentences in a parenthetical phrase - How do I punctuate properly?
How do you effectively denote a non-&quot;heading-ed&quot; transition into a concluding section?
What is a systematic way of using Roget’s Thesaurus of English Words and Phrases?
Is it more optimal to make a longer story or leave it at three pages?
My story moves too fast
my first comedy plot draft is very bland. how far can I go on calling this out?
How can I justify the absence of weapons?
Use of old ads in a book
Attributing a real quote to a fictional character
How do I tell the story of a societal change using a discrete number of narrators?
Should I ever repeat the affiliation of a person?
How can I have my characters do bad things, without sending the wrong message?
What are some disadvantages of writing fiction in a diary format?
Is it possible to practice the craft of creative writing in isolation?
MLA in-text Citations with no author, as well as same title?
Possible Mage Jobs in an Urban Fantasy
How to write romance without falling into clich&#233;?
Do publishers prefer a particular type of poem?
Technical Documentation Voice Preference : &quot;Active Voice&quot; - &quot;Passive Voice&quot; - A Mixture of both
Is the word block in &#39;block D&#39; capitalized?
How to balance for readers who are not technologically literate
How should I translate this?
Writing about a real place
Capitalization of Open form Compound Words in Titles
What is an APA-certified editor?
How to ask for response in an official letter?
Book translations for a student
Should postal address formats change when translated?
What makes a piece &quot;lyrical&quot;?
How to write good erotic scene?
Ideas for novel
Novels with usage of whip
what qualities do you see in a true traveller?
What&#39;s the proper way to cite multiple interviews across a paper in Chicago Style?
How political can an author&#39;s note be, would the following fly?
Can a Town/City Sue an Author for a Bad Portrayal in Fiction?
Using expletives in an essay
Examples in APA format
How many commas is too many?
Stutter that changes words mid sentence
Adding the word &quot;that&quot; to maintain symmetry in sentences
How to write an essay on a very narrow field
What exactly is &quot;fair comment?&quot;
Filter Words in Dialog
A grand scheme or destiny in literature
Should I indent the first line of the first paragraph in a chapter?
The extent of obscure references
Writing a scientific name in an italized phrase?
What is a good location to publish my research in a public setting?
How many copies did &quot;The Metamorphosis&quot; by Franz Kafka sold?
Should I write &quot;also known as&quot; in full or as an acronym (aka)?
What are common academic categories of a story’s relationship to an audience?
What are some common pitfalls when adapting a novel (thematic autobiographic in this case) to a screenplay?
Any helpful tips on how to, better use description in my writing?
Chicago- Paraphrasing a whole page from Author into 1 paragraph- what is the citation?
Multiple authors in MLA header
How do I write numbers in dialogue?
What other academic disciplines aside from literature can a writer who hates mathematics specialize in?
Serial killer across states - Jurisdiction
How should I write a post containing analysis and python code?
Order of names in title
Please review my statement of purpose style
How to write a &quot;state of the art&quot; chapter
What techniques are used to create a stone-cold killer whom the reader would still enjoy reading about?
Can I Use &quot;You?&quot;
What are some regular contests unpublished short story authors might enter?
Problem with hired freelance editor
How to make easy and fast money selling a short book (which is available for download)?
Why are the paragraphs of an document often indented and not vertically separated?
How to separate scenes in a chapter?
How can I convey dates (with ordering) for events happening under different dating systems, e.g. a Sci-Fi story spread over the galaxy?
the use of &quot;now&quot; in past tense
Is there a &quot;literary Olympus&quot; in the current publishing landscape?
How do you effectively develop a plot when you have a proper back story?
How to engage a child audience when my characters have no language?
First-time author...can I publish in English in Mexico?
Gracefully state novelty of a thesis in the introduction
How to write a press release
Description and speech in one paragraph?
When should I use punctuation with bullets?
Horror story for a game - how to create dread?
What is the main inner conflict in Harry Potter?
How can I capture the voice of an insane person?
How to cite a film quote using MLA in text citations
Consequences of autobiographical stories whose events are potentially illegal?
Clear steps for developing a powerful inner conflict
Writing a PhD thesis. Question about (an informal) introduction
Should I turn my enormous novel into a series?
How do you convey nonverbal utterances?
If the agency doesn&#39;t state specifically, should I send my query to a specific agent, or to it in general?
How to choose a good/suitable pseudonym
Why do writers sometimes use so much description?
Any Good Method for Calculating Word Count Based on An Outline?
How to decide the position of short phrases?
How to name characters of unspecific nationality and race?
When is it best to use a bulleted list, a table, a sentence, or something else?
How ordinary must my protagonist be if the book is written from his/her point of view?
How do I create the rest of the story when I only know the ending?
Citing someone&#39;s work, copying and pasting fragment. Is that OK?
Is there a free online alternative to Scrivener?
Multiple sentences in a parenthetical phrase - How do I punctuate properly?
How do you effectively denote a non-&quot;heading-ed&quot; transition into a concluding section?
What is a systematic way of using Roget’s Thesaurus of English Words and Phrases?
Is it more optimal to make a longer story or leave it at three pages?
My story moves too fast
my first comedy plot draft is very bland. how far can I go on calling this out?
How can I justify the absence of weapons?
Use of old ads in a book
Attributing a real quote to a fictional character
How do I tell the story of a societal change using a discrete number of narrators?
Should I ever repeat the affiliation of a person?
How can I have my characters do bad things, without sending the wrong message?
What are some disadvantages of writing fiction in a diary format?
Is it possible to practice the craft of creative writing in isolation?
How do you get paid for getting your book published?
From Journal to first draft - most effective route to take?
How to correctly punctuate this dialogue?
Citing lecture notes
Help! I&#39;ve got Writer&#39;s Block
Pieces missing from my narrative
Commenting on blogs and forums
Which one is the correct dialogue punctuation format?
Tips for adding more personality to characters?
How much do you get for publishing an article in the newspaper?
How can I turn my short story into a novel?
What are the copyright limitations for adopting a ficitonal character&#39;s name as your Pen Name?
Printing by the Publisher
using ideas posted on social media: is it ok?
Where can I find examples of nonfiction book proposals?
Does this sentence excessively break the fourth wall?
Least distracting method of citing in a book?
How to search for similar works
Prologues with no protagonist - How can they work?
How many pages long should a chapter book be?
In APA style, how do I cite an indirect source?
How to show that a character is quoting from a book?
Should I drop the quotation marks in a chapter that consists mostly on a character telling a story?
What does Character development actually mean?
Writing simple short sentences first and connecting them later
Short story becomes too intense to pack into a few pages
Subtitle for Short Story
How to structure a sentence containing long code examples?
MLA parenthetical citation of a character in a novel
Comparison for something that&#39;s 251 million tons
Best practices for maintaining documented code examples?
Use of realism in a fictional setting
How to cite a letter in an anthology?
Making characters multidimensional and unique. What can i do?
How do I demonstrate ideological differences between characters who are politically not too different?
Starting Out a Novel
Point of view chapter to chapter
using a literary agent
Name of a subsection and its parent section clash
Is the Microsoft Manual of Style appropriate for writing general IT related instructional documents?
Is Academic Ghostwriting legal?
Types of articles in journalism
Repeating the appearance of the main character in every book
Which narration style gives more authority over emotions
simultaneous dialogues in novels and short fiction
Should I create my own ConLang for my story?
On mastering the art of writing descriptive passages on certain weather conditions
How to write a &quot;strong&quot; passage?
Skipping telling to get to the showing - pros and cons
Do traditional publishers ever make use of &quot;print on demand&quot; (POD)?
Including a deceased person in a dedication
In what order should I describe a setting?
Is Blogging considered a form of creative writing?
Does this dream sequence work in my introduction?
Do I format other works&#39; titles in my title?
Untranslated text with a work being translated
How can a Russian writer get his work translated into English?
When you submit a manuscript for a picture book, where do the pictures go?
What is a good alternative for &#39;Yours truly&#39; while quoting yourself?
Proper way to punctuate an abrupt stopping of speech?
How to indicate that a single letter was removed from a quotation
What are some best practices/dos and don&#39;ts of managing an online editorial calendar?
Headline method - How do I write The Economist-style headlines?
Quantity of Writing Needed to Find Representation For a TV Serial
An organization writes its acronym in lower-case - do I have to, too?
How can I better promote my film review blog?
Structuring a novel like a television or graphic novel series
Writing content for website
How to use academic titles in the beginning of a paper
When is Ghostwriting is legal and ethical?
Should you specify camera action in a film script?
How much can I copy before it is considered plagiarism?
Is there a format I can save my poems in that will make the publisher unable to copy and paste?
How formal should an article be?
Critical Elements Of A Story
How can I write in a way that encourages discussion?
Federal Research Book with 2 Publishers?
How do I choose the most appropriate font for a professional document?
Am I making the writing too complex?
Fiction writing: is using Git overkill?
In a dialogue, how do you write that a character says a letter?
I&#39;m afraid of [accidental] plagiarism
When writing TV scripts, is it heard of to change not only the characters but the type of story?
APA Citation on online documentation
How do I approach writing an autobiography?
Techniques for writing internal monologue
Delerium too much like a dream?
How to write a character who uses a lot of smalltalk without boring the reader?
How to do dialogue?
How does one determine how much of a song you can use without paying?
Is there evidence for a categorical difference between British and American literary argument style?
Skipping the action scene
Discouraging link to Lulu or CreateSpace
Referring to characters that are too familiar for a name
Writing a short documentary about a medical clinic
What are the correct terms regarding (this literary) technique?
Question about longer chapter length flashbacks
How to indicate the topic has been changed without using words?
How to deal with online comments to published pieces?
Does &quot;reversing&quot; characters provide enough of a &quot;disconnect &quot;to defend against a libel suit?
How can I structure a novel to contain short stories?
How to write polite deadline email?
Criteria for a good screenplay
How important is a BISAC Category?
Any way for revisions to show up in a different color from an older saved .fdr to a newer saved .fdr in version 7 of FinalDraft?
Technical Writing Software
Is there any research about the efficacy of illustration and example placement in procedure writing?
How can I write a thesis statement and stay on topic in a persuasive essay?
Time of Day Notes for Internal Scenes
Is it a bad habit to write &quot;something&quot; too much? If so, how to get rid of it?
Resource for someone better at editing than writing
Getting emotional while writing, good or bad?
Why can&#39;t I write something longer than a few pages?
How to overcome the fact that I can&#39;t write long stories?
Writing an effective summary for a story
How to develop a story for a novel?
How do you make a vague metaphor more easy to understand?
How can clarity and flow of long sentences be improved?
Referencing figure in text - capitalize the word &quot;Figure&quot; or not? Why? 
Ending a PhD thesis by saying &quot;there is more to do&quot;
Why is distributing an audiobook so much more complicated than POD or eBooks?
Changing location in a fiction story with two or more story lines happening at same time
How do I keep the plot interesting in a humorous book?
Right usage of &quot;P.S.&quot; in Emails
Is it OK to add chapters to slow down the pace of the story?
What exactly is a copywriter?
Alternating names
How to write a conversation
Rapid Cross-Scene Cuts in Screenplay/Script
How to distill a plot into a logline?
How does one break into journalism?
Humor in Writting
How to copyright ideas?
Anyone has any super intense software for plot outlining?
Placing a &quot;strong&quot; verb before a &quot;weak&quot; verb
What is the number above rrd-h on copywrite page
Any advice on how to learn DITA for technical writing?
Creative writing exercises for engineers
Where can I find a good online thesaurus?
Note taking from a textbook and publishing the notes online
Does Visual Appearance matter in blog writing
Using Present Tense to describe a Fact on a story that uses Past Tense
Writing in a character&#39;s voice. How deep should I go with immersion?
The Yellow Wallpaper - What does *Smooch* imply?
Are &#39;how-to write fiction&#39; books full of it?
What are frequently used arguments for recognizing bad writing styles in fiction?
How/When to include twists when developing plot.
How do sci-fi stories hold up if their premise or details become discredited?
Book Title Generator that takes input?
Cite Multiple sources Chicago manual style
MLA: citing indirect sources w/o quoting
Fantasy - chapter length
What is the difference between a complication/twist and a situation?
Using a pen-name: possible legal issues
Formatting for fading between a radio broadcast and the protagonist
Overabundance of punctuation, too many pauses, like this title
Citation anniversary editions
Omitting pronouns and possessive adjectives in fiction
How to stay motivated and focused while writing
What are the first things I should do with an idea?
At what point in editing / revising does one poem become another poem?
Tips for writing sentences like a native speaker
When should headers be used in writing?
Avoiding passing time by switching PoV - Viable method?
How to stay motivated while rewriting?
Are the tenses of the following piece correct?
Am I correctly punctuating this pause?
Technical writer degree with an english BA?
When is it okay to tell?
Do I have to pay royalties when I use research information?
What science fiction sub-genre is my novel?
What does being &quot;heavy handed&quot; mean? And how does one avoid it?
Quoting Song Lyrics or Naming a Song, Or Possibly Group/Singer
Is sending your characters back to a different century a good way to disguise them?
How do I start using my heart over my head?
How to keep going after a failed project?
How much repetition is too much repetition?
Which tense to use when writing a diary?
When should one use a section sign (&#167;)?
Should I use hypophoras at the beginning of every paragraphs?
Should I &quot;spanglish&quot; a Mexican character&#39;s dialogue?
in English, is it necessary to capitalize after a colon?
What factors in fiction arouse readers&#39; expectations?
References or tips for book editing (self-published books)
How to stay motivated while writing a story, after the initial burst of enthusiasm?
How would my work being available online affect my chances of a book deal?
How do I convince readers to keep reading poems with fixed rhyme?
Software to change American punctuation to British
What is the meaning of a cancelled publication in conference?
Why does an author need an editor?
Originality of Writing
Naming my character
Getting help and/or mentoring, later in life
Name and Nickname
Children&#39;s Dialogue
Getting My Rights Back
Is it correct to use acronyms in a bio or should I omit it?
What was the legal doctrine or standard that made the following acceptable?
Setting price $8.99 or $8.95 instead of $9
Best e-book formatting process?
Where&#39;s the line between coincidental similarity between a character and a person, vs. being uniquely identifiable?
Being a non-native English writer how can i improve my English Writing style?
How do I get publishers and agents to read my full book?
Killing the protagonist - should it be done?
On using InDesign or Scribus
What advice is there for aspiring journalists and authors?
How to decide whether contract &quot;had&quot;, &quot;did&quot;, and &quot;would&quot;?
Overusing &quot;the&quot; and &quot;I&quot;
Distribution, a competition with myself
Who to ask questions on prices?
&quot;Thought&quot; Verbs: A sign of weak writing or a stylistic choice?
Looking for advice on citations and beginning a college essay
How much detail is considered enough for literature review of a research paper
Literary analysis: Requisites for a formal critique?
What voice (active/passive) is most suitable for literary academic papers (literary journals)?
Writing nonfiction for mass audience
What effect on literature has the introduction of eBooks and eReaders had?
&quot;This&quot; vs &quot;that&quot; in past tense narrative
Punctuation in a list
Show don&#39;t tell advice
&quot;That&#39;s when&quot; vs &quot;That was when.&quot;
&quot;And&quot; vs &quot;with&quot; in description lists
Unofficial Fan Fictions - How can I Secure Them?
How can I effectively invent a language?
Writing techniques or exercises to improve ability to show rather than tell?
How can I ensure my POV character&#39;s writing isn&#39;t too sophisticated?
Poor man&#39;s copyright techniques
Screenwriting courses online - Worth the money or not?
Do many people print e-books?
Does using narrow keywords increase conversion rate?
Is there a way to know who bought my books on Amazon?
How does the 10,000 hour rule apply to writing?
Copywriting Course
Is the following &quot;shortening&quot; allowed in fiction?
Is it OK to use &quot;I guess&quot; in fiction?
Page turnings clarification
Real-Life Setting versus Fictional - Can They Attain the same Realism?
How can I get book my non-fiction book reviewed by professional reviewers?
Do agents/editors take Snoflake Pro-based proposals seriously?
Revising a manuscript and resubmitting to same publisher?
What label to use in an article for a group of equations?
What would sections of a book that are larger than a chapter be called?
Vancouver citation
Is the following &quot;...noun, adjective...&quot; structure allowed in fiction?
Editing: Those darn comma splices
How can I encourage more comments on my blog?
About sites for amateur writers
Plot idea to make the murderer (involuntarily) reveal himself
Can a Canadian Publisher now legally publish original James Bond fiction?
Copyright issue when referring to a textbook
How do I explain a lack of sufficient data in my essay?
Software for keeping track of book edits?
Text referencing protected, trademarked™ and copyrighted&#169; names, what is the correct procedure?
Time measures in fantasy worlds
The etiquette of updating News Posts - Help please!
A nice title needed for persuasive essay on school lunches
Should blog posts be reformatted to past tense after an event?
Is the word &quot;becoming&quot; being used correctly in the following metaphor?
In end user documentation, should screenshots come before or after the text that references them?
Should embedded figures/images be placed before or after they are referred to in text?
Could I reach the level of good writing style as non-native language speaker?
Compiling Articles in an ebook format
Right font style and size for a master thesis
Is there a database of plots that have not been &quot;processed&quot;/used yet?
A question about dialogue and paragraphs?
Is it a good writing practice to keep related elements as close as possible to each other?
Differences between script and screenplay
What are my legal rights if somebody writes a book about me without my consent?
How to build a train of thought across multiple paragraphs and pages?
How to tell where to place a parenthetical em dash phrase?
What &quot;kind&quot; of writing is The Fixation of Belief essay by Charles Sanders Pierce?
What Self Publishing Company should I contact?
How can I weave variety in this passage?
How does one get Fanfiction &quot;Published&quot;?
What kinds of legal clearances do you need to produce &quot;fiction&quot; that&#39;s &quot;based on a true story?&quot;
Using species from another novel, in my novel, copyright infringment?
Choosing a license for an open-source book
Any Guide Book - to understand - 1st Person / 2nd Person / All Knowing
Should quotation marks for titles of short works be included as part of link text?
Legal ramifications for writing about fictional relationships with celebs
&quot;All of a sudden...&quot; ?
How does one become lucid in Copywriting?
Potentially risky subject in my script
Metaphor or Personification
Will blogging my fiction limit its ability to be traditionally published later?
Using dictionary examples in the book - is it fair use?
Can someone explain set pieces?
How short can a poem be until it can no longer be a poem?
Where can I find co-authors willing to share writing duties for a fiction novel?
What is the voice called when the narrator is a secondary character?
What referencing style is this?
How can I trust that the proofreader and designer of a book will not plagiarize our work?
How to avoid hearing &quot;that&#39;s me!&quot; from your friends when they read your characters?
How to retrieve the number of copies sold for a specific book?
Would there be copyright problems in publishing a book based on a similar concept?
Do true publishers let you keep the copyright?
Jumping on the Zombie bandwagon
Documenting Agile Sprints
Where do you start researching something you know nothing about?
Is Postscript still useful in the age of email?
What is the average cost of software for DITA authoring?
Difference b/w Abstract and Introduction writing for a research paper
do word lists indexed by domain exist?
Offline Tool for finding identical/similar phrases in a text?
Is replacing &quot;this&quot; with &quot;a&quot; allowed in fiction?
Use of Building names in Fiction
Scrivener customising the header and footer
May I use real weapon names in my book without copyright problems?
I can&#39;t figure out to come up with a good plot!
How to correctly identify publisher?
MLA: Citing Multiple Facts from Same Source &amp; Page in Same Paragraph
How to research and discover topic popularity and trends to determine topic selection for article writing?
What is the benefit of using formal terms instead of informal ones?
What books should I read before writing a non-humanoid point of view story?
Should a long flashback be written in first or third person?
How to correctly translate past-tense from languages without Pluperfect?
How do you find inspiration as a creative person?
Story beats for woman masquerading as a man
How to effectively jump from one period of time to another in a short story?
On copyright laws and plots
Is there a coherence problem in my story?
What is this &#39;pretend dialogue&#39; technique called
Kindle Worlds Publishing Benefits, Statistics?
What is the benefit of writing formally?
Where can one go to find police procedures
How do I build a better blog website?
Should I use letters or digits in the following case?
Character in Macbeth that maintains integrity in position of power?
When to use normal caps and small caps in fiction?
AllPoetry management
Changing main character within a trilogy, is a good idea?
Why am I getting so many words per page?
How much is considered plagiarism?
Does a writing medium exist which preserves reading order but also allows commenting and editing?
Stories based on news: are they allowed?
Commas at the beginning of a sentence: should I follow convention or intuition?
Omniscient POV vs deep 3rd person POV
Decide on a theme/overarching meaning before writing a short story?
Am I over-explaining or being condescending to the reader?
Books on writing successful non-fiction
Does Japan have a Press Code?
Should my query lead with the detective, or with the crime?
How to develop a more regal language
List of wars someone could be a part of, if they were born a certain date
Can I adapt writing in a RPG forum to writing in a book?
Can one feasibly sell an adult-content screenplay?
How to format the following dialogue without the parenthesis?
Should I use ellipses or em dashes to denote pauses in speech?
Video game gameplay script
Quote a sentence with references
Does the word erection have a neutral tone with its non-sexual definition?
I was wondering what a good way to introduce a character
Less expensive way to find pictures for a visual dictionary
Dealing with Extreme Distances - Space Travel
Should I write an abstract for a formal essay?
Can section headings in a paper be questions?
How to Create Barcode from ISBN Number
Directly quoting a source who also has a cited source
What&#39;s the difference between Cut and Cut to?
Starting a book with this sentence, is it ok?
Would a paid-for review from Kirkus give me real insight into quality of my manuscript?
How many different words are in the average novel?
Can I be a good writer without reading a lot?
What are the initial classes called in university and how do they work?
Citing and Quoting events in Games
What&#39;s the difference between purple prose and vividly descriptive writing?
Do I really need disclaimers?
How to structure paragraphs of dialogue properly?
Copyright of examples used in books?
Can&#39;t write more than the beginning of a story
How to improve quality of this answer?
How do I manage a plot with two protagonists?
Is pantsless writing practical for NaNoWriMo?
Spaces within abbreviations, acronyms, and initials
Demo data in screenshots! What are the best practice?
Long or short form?
Writing many entries/articles, storing them, and browsing them
How to write in a VERY thick notebook
Is it necessary to add a.m./p.m. after the time?
Non-dialogue sections: single quotes or double quotes?
Under which genre to publish?
What&#39;s the meaning of the running numbers in left margin of a movie script online?
It is a sign of bad writing to have many scenes that are disconnected with the main plot?
How can you tell that you have what it takes to be an author?
When developing a stage play, whose gender matters more? The characters&#39; or the actors&#39;?
What are the appropriate first steps to writing a scientific paper concerning a physical constant?
How to format Facebook chat in a novel?
Should I write my novel?
Email to request copy of paper
Does this writing create emotion in the reader? 
Show Don&#39;t Tell when Recounting Events
What isthe difference between a novel and a documentry
What effect does the gender of the narrator have on a story?
How do i describe this change in voice?
Scrivener capitalization issues
Is Scrivener involved in the editorial process, or is it strictly a writer&#39;s development tool?
Why write in a different genre than what you read?
which genres are more successful, publication figures?
Use of punctuation within quotes with single words or letters
How to deal with two ISBN from two different countries?
Why do heroes need to have a physical mark?
Italics in MLA paper for a body of work by numerous authors?
Referring to fictional version of an author in essay
Past tense vs present tense
Is there a systematic overview over the approaches of describing a physical object?
How much information should a narrative sentence contain ,from experience on average, for good readability?
Am I using too much dialogue?
Comprehensive reference book for syntax and style
What linguistic features increase the degree of readability?
How to improve my English writing?
&quot;Its vs &quot;the&quot; when referring to an element belonging to the previous sentence
Can prologues and epilogues change POV from the main text?
Hollywood script vs Bollywood script
Writing in English as a non-native speaker
Is repeating the action/verb in a metaphor a sign that is a bad one?
Word Clouds and Phrase Clouds
Where can I find sales numbers for books?
Does a proposed graphical scheme exist to organize the whole story?
MLA format for a book summary
Do online writing classes really help?
How to determine if a freelance writing website is reputable and provides assignments that are worthwhile?
What stylometric pecularities are considered to be typical for stephen kings writing?
Good examples of fear/terror inducing techniques used with enemies
Why is &quot;It was a dark and stormy night..&quot; not a good opening?
[Words in brackets in print and online]
Resource on archaic English
How do I show that two days has passed in a short story?
Books on character development
Do items on a list have to follow the order/logic of the previous one?
What is the expected target age for a YA (Young Adult) novel?
Resources for writers: websites for posting stories and poetry
Every idea for a story I come up with seems excessively long
How do I write an article about the negative effects of a topic and my experiences with that topic?
Multiple Characters in one scene
Criteria used by acquisition editors (for Fiction or Non-Fiction)
Are modern authors still using colons and semicolons in dialogue?
Is it better to describe the main character&#39;s physical appearance early on in the story?
Is dialogue in a novel necessary, or just padding?
Using citations in chapter headings?
Chapter titles or numbers?
What size should images in eBooks be?
On offering feedback to stories/novels/poetry
Writing &quot;X, Y, and Z&quot; vs &quot;X and Y and Z.&quot;
Writing for the web: how do you submit your content
Literary criticism handbook
Can&#39;t write, can plan
Is it legal to share an index you made from someone else&#39;s book?
What are the differences between narrative and descriptive writing?
Writing is it the plot, subplot or backstory
What&#39;s a good title to a presentations&#39; table of contents?
Citation in AP style journalism
In modern writing is there a a significant difference between satire and parody?
Precedence: P.S or Address?
What comes first: the hook or the rest?
Writing a short story with a secret code
Use past or present tense for lasting fact
What is the Normal Process for Gathering Permissions for Quotation Collections
Misleading facts in the About the Author section
What are some rich but respectful ways to describe various skin colors?
Is there a standard for dealing with lyrics in dialogue and narration in creative writing?
How to refer to magnetism in ancient cultures?
Believable (but easy) archaic English
How to write a cover letter for The New Yorker fiction section?
Do you bold punctuation directly after bold text?
Why are some words in screenplays set in all caps?
How do I write my own character sketch?
Punctuating dialogue with oneself
Rules for creative writing?
1st person story, but the main character will die in the end and some of the story needs to be told after his death. How to solve this problem?
How to release a heavy revision to a series without upsetting readers?
Screenplay format: Can character names be shortened after the first mention?
Which skills should an editor have?
How do I cite Google Public Data in my bibliography (APA format)?
Improving the flow/rhythm of the following comparison
Need A Way To Avoid Excessive Use Of Subject When Refering To Character
What are some tricks for managing debilitating writing anxiety/phobia?
What&#39;s the best way to break into freelance writing?
Is it appropriate to list my website as the publisher of my stories?
Satirical prophecy
Are the following passages examples of tense change? Are they allowed in fiction writing?
Am I breaking the &quot;show don&#39;t tell&quot; rule in the following passage?
How to write &quot;number of cups per user&quot; for short using symbols?
How to handle multiple notebooks?
Can a self publishing author use a Pen name/Pseudonym?
Do I need to copyright a short story before I send it?
Why do page headers seldom include chapter/section numbers?
Is the following analogy of natural selection effective and clear?
How do you mention the same character with two very different descriptions?
Ways to improve your writing skills
Real World Languages in Fantasy World
How to write realistic injury scenes?
Is it OK to invent as I write, or should I plan the entire story first?
How to get permission for using software screenshots in book?
What&#39;s the difference between &quot;MUSIC&quot; and &quot;MUZAK?&quot;
Series: Is there a disadvantage to the number of books?
Person who invented &quot;formula&quot; for good poetry
Use of Registered trademark
Non-fictional ideology in a fictional culture
Stranded Society Speaking Same Language
I&#39;m not a great pantser; what kind of preparation do I need for NaNoWriMo?
Many quotations of a black British novel which used creolized English language. When to use sic?
Are there books to improve the style?
Tools for multiple creators/writers documentation without clouds
Avoiding cultural differences
When to be specific and when to let context fill in the holes?
Writing an Ending: how to prune away the Wrong ones?
APA Citation Single Source
Should dull dialogue be removed completely?
What&#39;s a good LaTeX template for self-publishing a short children&#39;s book?
Why one sentence per paragraph in these news articles?
Looking for software that can create annotation/outline layers
Acknowledgements in translated editions
What is the &quot;three-asterisk-break&quot; section called?
Do screenwriters freewrite/outline directly in script mode?
How do you know when there&#39;s something missing in your story?
Outliner (software) with annotations for OS X or browser based (but offline!)
Should I have some restraint when submitting to the more prestigious journals?
Is CreateSpace 100% free for self-publishing?
Cheapest way to self-bind a large book
When sending out press releases, do you include a cover letter?
If I get a free ISBN through Amazon&#39;s CreateSpace now, will that impact any decisions about getting my own ISBN later?
What&#39;s the difference between the American and the European style in essay writing?
Example of a fictional story without any characters (the story being 1000+ words)
In Flare, how can we make atomic change groups in review?
Should I be using commas to suggest/enforce cadence?
Are newlines effective for adding weight to certain phrases?
Is it common to bring in a developmental editor when you are at the stage of synopsis?
Simple rules for separating paragraphs in books?
What&#39;s a good custom language translator?
Good idea to write a scene with just pure dialogue exchange?
Story without any character development whatsoever?
How can i learn the name of a colour to use in a description?
What software is good for writing a technical book?
Can I submit to an agent before permission to use quotations is finalized?
Resource for idioms
Does self publishing via Amazon or similar services make your book ineligible for later acceptance by a publisher?
How do I cite a standalone quote at the beginning of a doctoral thesis?
Capitalization with compound nouns starting with a number
What genre is a book in an imaginary world but no other fantasy element?
Do publisher ever automatically reject unread stories
What&#39;s the best software for self-publishing?
When mentioning two items in a sentence, should I specify which one I&#39;m referring to in the next one?
Is there an online critique community for stories written in german?
What is a good name for a character who loves money?
Should the opening of a short story mirror the ending?
International self publishing: where to start?
Choosing between your Mother Tongue and other language
Short Story first or skip to Screenplay
Do I risk losing reader if I put too many religious/anti-religious views?
Is it bad to include subplots that don&#39;t push the story forward?
Do I correctly utilize my naming adjective concept in this book?
How to come up with the setting for the fiction novel?
What do &quot;p&quot; and &quot;pp&quot; mean in the context of an index?
Which social media platforms should writers use to build a readership?
Is it important to describe how the characters are dressed?
How to write a prophecy?
What are some creative memoir writing styles?
Needing to Believe the Story Is Real
Will using real-world cultural vocabulary in a fantasy setting disengage readers?
Can I, as a reader, submit a &quot;Bug Report&quot; for a novel?
How do critics review an author&#39;s first and second and maybe third novel differently?
How long does it take publisher to respond to requested manuscript?
Should I specify the time/date at the beginning of a scene?
Software for plot building across multiple books
How to deal with cliche dialogue?
How to leverage social proof?
Who is responsible for copyrighted materials (publisher or writer)?
Hiding information
Should a beginning writer start with a series or a stand-alone?
How do I write a letter to a publisher?
Alternate universe vs. historicity: how to set the threshold/expectations?
What resources are there for finding ONLINE writing partners?
Placing similes at the beginning and at the end of a sentence
How to describe a scene involving a shift in the environment due to forbidden magic?
Is my opening chapter too short?
Best way to write an article professionally
Do these starting paragraphs make you want to keep reading?
How to write a polite quotation request email?
What&#39;s the difference between academic and journalistic writing?
How do I cover a lengthy time period with only a few interesting details?
How can I add emphasis in an internal dialogue, given that I am already using italics for character thoughts?
Does this urge you to read further or stop?
What&#39;s the ideal usage for italics for names?
Pulling the reader out of the narrative: When it&#39;s too much?
Good tools for writing (game) manuals and sourcebooks
Best way to become more natural at English
Writing and Formatting and Tips on Poetry
Good Examples of and Practices in Code Documentation
Good screenwriting-specific collaboration software
The president, the nickel and the dime
Does this text flow smoothly (description of suicidal thoughts)?
Main male character description
How to capitalize the first line of a paragraph using styles in OpenOffice?
Is there a disadvantage to transcending genre?
How to structure an essay answer?
Free or cheap way to lay out a concert program booklet?
Does the word &quot;Its&quot; get a capital in The Economist Style title case?
Defining a Prologue
Do the guidelines for clear style that we use today get in the way of rhythm?
What exactly is &quot;Conceptual Writing?&quot;
DIT:Is it legal if a write a book about an artist?
How can I balance between a formal and informal tone?
Nonfiction: Need signed releases and/or pay subjects I am interviewing?
Do Decimals Bounded Between 0 and 1 (inclusive) Need a Leading Zero?
Collecting books
Do I need permission from people I am writing about if I am writing about a true story that was reported in the media?
Using true/real names and events in a fiction novel
Limitations in using a historical figure in a romance
How do I cleanly show the passage of time, with multiple, varying time scales? 
What is the correct casing for a character&#39;s title?
Capitalizing &quot;The&quot; in Title Case - Increases Engagement?
Tension built upon whether the main character will commit suicide or not. Problem: I&#39;m using first person narrative
How should I document a database schema?
Does the following opening grip you?
Beginners can break rules too?
My Hero is captured, now what?
Should I start work on a sequel before I have sold my book?
YA bestsellers by reader&#39;s gender
Does the following dialogue sound stiff and formal?
How do I cite or give credit to a statistic on a website?
How do expert writers avoid using &quot;I&quot; when they have to refer to themselves in their article?
&quot;ing&quot; words in technical translations from Japanese to English
Non-Linear Storyline: Dynamic vs. Static chapter sequence
Can novels have twist endings?
What are PoD options for a 5M Bible?
Is it a bad practice to add extra words/phrases just to add rhythm/make the text look smoother?
Should I write Internet slang as it is spoken or as it is written?
When does repetition start becoming tedious (especially metaphors)?
Can I change between the use of past tense to present tense for the story being told by a character in first person?
Dialog, just what&#39;s the best way to write it?
How should changing the point of view be handled?
Is it okay to end a novel with a cliffhanger?
The structure of magazine editing hierarchies
How could a criminal forget a crime?
Writing succintly. Does it matter?
Handling an Inauthentic Character
Usage of metaphors
Does anyone know of a good place for critique?
Is it legal to use a parental advisory on a book?
Is it unnecessary to mention that there is a silence in the following cases?
Does this image convey bursting passion and confidence?
Suggestions for revising style and cadence within a children&#39;s book
What techniques can be used to describe a character&#39;s terror?
Examples of Successful Rule-Breaking in Novels
Is writing even profitable
Best blind sequence?
How to show characters learning something in a non-boring way?
How to format a novel synopsis
insecurity with a short story about mountains and love
Should I change POVs in the following case?
How far does libel extend in writing?
Can I use general short stories to publish on my site, blog, etc.?
Is there a standard for what should be included in an index?
Inserting truthful (derogatory) statements in text
Is it possible to write fiction as a non-sensing, non-worldly person?
How do I approach rewriting an entire user guide in an agile environment?
Typical Fairy-tale Story Especially Princess Stories
When Is a Relationship Too Antagonistic?
Story length and the term used
Necessary online resources while writing: too much versus too little
no matter whether = whether?
Pros and cons of using real brand/company names?
When should I use italics in scientific writing?
Does it confuse readers if a character name is similar to the name of an object?
A rhyming dictionary worth bookmarking online or purchasing?
Story first approach in plot outlining
What are the ethics of using real-world house addresses in historical fiction?
Sluglines for same location but different periods, real and imagined
Master&#39;s Thesis Structure: Separate-Page Chapters or Same-Page Sections?
Do UK or US based literary agents accept (unpublished) manuscripts in a foreign language?
Rules Of Fantasy Story?
Steven Johnson&#39;s DevonThink writing workflow: is creating &amp; accumulating 50-500 word snippets worth the effort?
A novel without verbs?
Is there a quality difference in purchased hardcovers?
Legal and Social effect of story involving real life people
How to avoid repetitive sentence structure?
How to write a reminder email?
Normal structure for Dialogue paragraphs
Inventing names for Sci-Fi characters
How do I distinguish what makes a masterpiece?
Template for IT technical report?
Managing genre and rating for a story
What are my headlines lacking?
How to Describe a Scene from Video?
What are some strategies for surprising the reader?
Confusion on inconsistent verb tenses in a magazine article
Is it permissible to write a short story with little or no dialogue?
MLA sequential quotes on same page
How important is it to know the end before the writing the beginning?
Iambic pentameter: how do you use words with &#39;secondary stressed&#39; syllables?
Do romances need to have a happy ending?
Use of dash in section numbering
How to handle speech within speech?
How do you know if you have too many words for the amount of pages you have written?
Is there such a thing as the &quot;master copy&quot; of a book?
Do you set yourself daily goals and stop once you&#39;ve reached them?
Is this title suitable for a chapter section?
Jumping between points in time in narrative
Do publishers take the time to look at works from writers who have no qualifications or experience in the industry?
Is it safe to create a wiki for a book (or something featured in it) before the book is published?
My publisher copyrighted my book cover and interior
Using Genres and Tags in a writing website
Do published authors have rights to use their own book cover images?
Is there a standard - tab versus blank line?
Can a plagiarist sue one who plagiarized them?
Science and fantasy + arcanepunk
Are there copyright issues with a novella title if it&#39;s a famous line?
Is there a canonical sample screen play for reference as a speculative script?
Is it plagiarism if you use the same, or similar expression with different meanings or contexts?
Using pictures in my memoir
Copyrighted Names
Is it possible for an author&#39;s first book to be popular?
Is Jaime Lannister a &quot;telling not showing&quot; example?
How do you track dependencies for your co-authors?
Tactician&#39;s Viewpoint and Contradictory Characterization
Where and how to publish new work
Switching from past to present tense to increase narrative speed?
How can I catch more errors when I proofread?
Is there a complete guideline for which tense to use?
Resources for character development
emacs for creative writing
What&#39;s the distinction between &quot;vanity publishing&quot; and &quot;self publishing&quot;?
What is the most cost effective way for me to get my book printed?
Do publishers use LaTeX to produce books for the blind?
Avoiding a juvenile/archaic feel in formal verse
Can a textbook contain heavy reference to other materials?
How do you make a story succeed in spite of an unsympathetic main character?
How do I develop skills at writing and planning plots and characters?
In Science Fiction, how does one do research, but write at the same time?
Write a presentation of a dissertation
How can we have foreshadowing in a story that takes place in a universe where the future can&#39;t be known beforehand?
Best Tool to Create User Guides
Online technical writing classes
Writing an article avoiding Libel
Self publishing: Do I still need to follow the arbitrary word count limits?
Getting short fiction published
Experience Dealing with Chinese book printers?
Alien checking, by making questions
RDF vocabularly for storytelling
Is there such a thing as a &quot;setting sketch&quot; for a science fiction writing?
Craft group exercises or chapters in critique groups?
Referring to sign language in conversations
Writing dialogue for a non-English speaker in English?
Meeting with a respected publisher, what questions should I ask?
How Many Poems Does a Chapbook Typically Contain?
How do you describe a methodology of writing?
Are there agents or representatives who only specialize in book promotion and not distribution?
Is it unusual to use product placement within a fictional novel, and what are the legalities around this?
Is it considered faulty language to use Spivak pronouns in an essay?
How to deal with common Earth references in a non-Earth setting?
Improving my English
Is it acceptable to reuse chapters across multiple books?
Are there any places to have community story development?
Fiction Novels &amp; Active vs. Passive Voice
Beginning an article/essay with a one word sentence, clich&#233;?
Methods for writing from an alternate gender/age/cultural viewpoint?
Is it a bad writing practice to end a paragraph with question?
Parenthesis Types in Fiction
Delaying narrative/actions
Am I using too many adjectives/adverbs in the following piece?
What concrete steps do you take to write for a specific reading level?
How to sift through all those illustrators?
How difficult is it to break into screenwriting?
I want my coauthor to feel comfortable making changes to my work
Essay writing contests
How to write to a famous author?
I would like to illustrate a poem
Is this story worth publishing?
Can a good headline contain a pronoun?
Legal effect of standard fiction disclaimer
Is there any good time-line software out there?
conversation language translation
Story-telling to improve writing skills?
Do Writers Use LaTex/TeX for writing?
Flashbacks as chapters ordered (almost) chronologically
What does &quot;OFF&quot; mean in a script?
Sex: How much is too much?
Software for developing and organizing characters
Hyphen or en-dash
Are there more character alignment grids (like D&amp;D)
Storyboard a Novel?
How can I create better suspense in this passage?
How To Cite Francis Bacon&#39;s Of Simulation and Dissimulation Essay
How should you format short speech by consecutive speakers?
How can I write better code-based reference documentation for programming interfaces?
How much copying is okay?
How do you visualize plot structure?
How to make the first lines of my novel attractive and hooking?
Automated correction of google translated documents
When is a screen shot really useful in training documentation?
Looking for sites that describe minimalist writing for technical content
How do I write a gory scene?
How to show that something is different than in real life?
Writing non-fiction in three perspectives?
Must protagonists be flawed for satisfying character evolution?
How to add difficult Web Citation?
Genre conventions: Which end do readers expect?
What sites can I use to crowdsource my writing project?
How to write a polite reminder email?
3 short stories that can be turned into a novel. Should I pick the one with best reviews?
Are there any &quot;quantitative&quot; (computer) programs that measure plagiarism?
Creating Dialogue
Do you use the word &quot;that&quot; too much?
How to cite the C# Language Specification Version 5.0
How can I improve my written communication skills the soonest?
Is it OK to have two different POVs in a same paragraph (third-person omniscient narrator)?
Is there such a thing as a &quot;reverse analogy&quot;?
What are the tool choices for producing technical documentation in PDF and web site ready HTML?
Successful stories that don&#39;t follow the standard story template?
How can you represent music in writing
I have too much dialogue, how do I add more description?
Common process for creating social media content?
How can I (as a new author) publish a collection of essays?
How do you make a character witty?
Do the following scenes feel like flashbacks?
Learning to write flash fiction first?
How does the placement of transition sentences affects the meaning/tone of a piece?
Thinking of a story for the past 10 years as an inexperienced writer, what should I do?
Alternative word for &quot;she&quot;
&quot;In order to&quot; vs &quot;To&quot;
If not in the prologue/intro, where would a hook be?
What can I do to make my writing less choppy?
How to use parentheses
Notes Placement
Dashes vs. Commas vs. parentheses?
Please evaluate the effectiveness of both voices, which better brings the character to life?
How to introduce a world that&#39;s alien to the reader
Can I mention any famous name etc in my work?
Preventing units from being &quot;broken&quot; to the next line
Is it ok to begin an essay/report with a quote?
How to Cite an Author Who Has a Pen Name
How do you determine whether you know enough to write on a topic?
Author order and grouping on technical document
Changing a story&#39;s title to hint at story&#39;s meaning
what is the most commonly used font in book publishing?
What are my options for free preview copies if I self publish via online services?
what is the best way to make money on the side as a beginning author?
Looking for source material on large, long-lived criminal blackmail rings
Using the same quotation a second time
there are considered to be only seven or so actual plots anyway?
X and Y vs Y and X
Listing items in fiction
Intensity scale for romance novels?
Is it better to follow some structure or just write following intuition
Do acknowledgements have to come after the table of contents?
Asking questions in the middle of a narrative
What should take precedence? Rhythm or clarity?
A POV character who&#39;s a slave?
Open Source Publishing?
Tools for modelling near-future world
Whether to describe personality of a character or let the readers deduce it based on the actions
How can I find an agency for copywriting/script writing (for advertising) in the UK?
Does the narrator sound childish?
Do publishers really need to translate between UK and US English?
Is it considered ethical to accept payment from a business for reviewing a product or service?
Should programmers/DBAs be co-authored on papers for their contributions?
How do I check if an ISSN is properly registered at issn.org?
Capitalize and/or hyphenate &quot; the Start Your Own Business project&quot;?
How to reference a figure from text in a technical document
Fan works... are they allowed?
How can I sell articles about TV shows online?
How to master literary American English as a second language?
Are headlines about lists superior in print as they are in web content?
Should I make the gender of the narrator more obvious?
Which edition of Strunk &amp; White&#39;s The Elements of Style?
Is it acceptable to place a dash after a question mark?
How does one avoid incomplete changes to documentation?
Is Mine a Convincing Argument Concerning the Effects of Censorship?
How to &quot;defy&quot; physics on a sci-fi?
How do you write a character&#39;s internal monologue?
How to work with in-text markup for figures and captions in Scrivener?
Things to consider while writing a novel
Is there and equivalent of ACX for people outside the US and the UK?
Link shorteners for research paper citations?
Changing Capitalization in a Quote - MLA
Paying a bookstore to stock your self-published book
How should I organize my journal as plain-text files?
Should I highlight or downplay a character&#39;s quirk to make her seem more odd?
Which words should not be capitalized in Title Case?
Capitalization of Phrases: One-on-one assistance
How Much Can You Make From Writing a Book?
Can stories be &quot;revived&quot;?
Starting a novel with internal dialogue?
Name of writing style or structure of novel that is in non-chronological order
What are the most common style manuals?
Twist in kishōtenketsu vs. twist in Western plots
How to invoke my creative side without investing too much time?
Is it appropriate to credit someone with a quote if I am not absolutely sure they are the source?
How to assure your plot isn&#39;t a carbon copy of another story?
Should the word &quot;The&quot; be included in a label when labelling a character?
Quotes or no, for Hiccup
Present tense in user manuals
Stardate(Julian Day) - Problem
Does my essay follow guidelines for a &quot;well-developed, well organized argument&quot;?
How can I write anonymously (based on true experiences)?
How should I write &quot;shush&quot; in a narrative?
How do I add an ISBN to Calibre ebook?
What&#39;s a typical trilogy structure?
I need advice regarding the use of real-world locations in a novel
Is there any structure to write a book?
How to cite (APA style) a whole chapter about a product?
In a FAQ, should a question header take the form &quot;Why does blah blah?&quot; or &quot;Blah blah happens, Why?&quot; And why?
What are the Criteria that Distinguish a Thriller from Horror?
Does a Haiku needs to have exactly 17 syllables?
APA article critique reference page
&quot;Performance&quot; to indicate speed ambigous?
When opening a book
Capitals for menu items in narrative
How do you call the non-writing parts of creating a text?
Indicating a word choice you&#39;re unsure of
External folders in scrivener?
Publisher of foreign-language citation - do I translate &quot;Gobierno de&quot; to &quot;Government of&quot;?
Hooking the reader by omitting a piece of information
How many words in 350 pages typed and double spaced?
How can I get permission to translate and republish a book?
How do I make an ESL character sound realistic?
How do I search for tick marks not smart quotes in Word?
How should I capitalise headlines for professional Web writing? (Sentence case vs title case)
Coping with writer&#39;s block
What term describes the language used in comparing the ideas of different authors?
Which sections to cover for my graduation thesis on BSS?
What are the common editing requirements for a short story in an anthology?
How to travel in a government restricted setting?
Published on blog but taken down: Still remains previously-published?
Scrivener project statistics is showing an incorrect word count
Multiple Same Source Citations in the same Paragraph in MLA format?
Inline Citations when Critiquing a Single Source (APA)
What exactly do I do to get published?
Does this convey that I recommend the anthology I&#39;m reviewing?
Critique a short essay
Essay critique: flow and how compelling it is
How do I add more imagery to this short paragraph?
Does this opening somewhat grip the reader?
Does this opening relate to the message?
What is the purpose of version control?
How to write to accommodate subsequent automatic translation
Do empty pages need a number?
Shouting in a question
What is a good tool for organizing story notes?
Bullets vs. Numbering: which to use when?
Do You Use Any Version Controlling Software/Methods As Writers?
Do novels that are set in not-so-famous countries sell less?
Where to find a the best narrators and producers to turn a good written work into a good audiobook
Rewritting the following passage from the negative to the positive
How do I claim the number of scholarly articles on a niche subject is relatively small without listing every single one of those citations?
How to achieve a dark and nostalgic feeling/setting in a novel?
Copyright - Can I go to any other publisher?
Struggling to writing in English
How do I recover my confidence after a harsh writing group?
Alternative to mindmap software
Thesis writing: how to address &quot;self&quot;
Resources: Dictionaries of Australian English
Story resolution issue - A symbolic gift for two new friends
&quot;Where did X go?&quot; vs &quot;where had X gone.&quot;
How to display URLs in a textbook?
What are those &quot;countdown&quot; numbers on the copyright page?
Can a statement that is incorrect still characterize someone as wise?
Difference between an &#39;Abstract&#39; and an &#39;Introduction&#39; in a feature article?
Should I omit the &quot;at first&quot;s in the following pieces?
Attributing Quote to Fictional Characters (Who are based on real people)
Is there a resource to help find the right connotative meaning?
Is there a known technique for giving your readers chills?
Is the following repetition unnecessary?
Effective techniques for describing pain
Outlining Structures for Romance Novels
How can I get myself writing again?
How can I get a copyright for my e-book?
Using ACM style, how do I cite an article without a specific author&#39;s name?
APA: how to cite a translation of an old work in a compilation that has been reissued
Grammar books recommendation
Writing for an Audio book. What are specifics?
Minimum (realistic) word count of non-fiction book
Should I translate foreign names of companies, organisations, political parties etc?
Is it legal to use an old painting on the cover of a book?
What is an &quot;exchange&quot; in magazine publishing?
Using &quot;he/she&quot; instead of &quot;it&quot; for animals
Why doesn&#39;t everyone publish public domain books?
Citing authors already cited in a paper
Capitalization of personal event names
Is the following passage confusing?
I feel my protagonist is too &quot;detached&quot; from the main plot. What should I do?
What closings can I use to convey friendship but not desire?
Does excessive use of prepositions make writing unclear?
Is there a great manual for technical and scientific writing?
Typography of page numbers
What is &quot;head popping&quot; and why is it bad?
costs of self-publishing photo book, coffeetable
How can I get rid of the &quot;things&quot; in the following passage?
Outlining for white papers
Citing multiple quotes from a single novel
Are there any corporate publishers that still accept neat handwritten manuscripts?
Is my writing &#39;disjointed&#39;, and if so how can I fix it?
How to define a research question when the output is a product, used in research?
Types/Categories of rhyme?
Marking a chart that is not based on real data
How do I sign a (formal) email?
How do I calculate wordcount for a manuscript?
How many pages would my manuscript be in paperback?
When should one *not* present events in chronological order?
Referencing the process of writing the novel as a part of the novel&#39;s plot
How do you casually address a child in the Midwestern dialect?
What is the standard editorial timeline for genre fiction novels?
Should one avoid overusing &quot;it&quot; in prose?
Can I use the same figure twice in a report?
What is the best way to use your favorite authors as inspiration without plagiarism?
How long is a single-title romance novel supposed to be?
Script Writing as it pertains to TV and Radio lines
Dates and numbers in newspaper articles
Overuse of &#39;I&#39; in a memoir
Is this a good description of a jew looking out the window at nazis?
Is there enough money in writing for me to quit my dead end job?
How should I handle repeating parts in a technical description?
Multimedia Project
Should I have an introducing paragraph in every chapter of my description?
Multiple characters without names: how to address
Should write &quot;I/he/she said&quot; in dialogue with ambiguous action tags?
Hypothetical interview with Jesus Christ. Has to be deep?
Official reference style when quoting a source
Will publishers accept bilingual or multilingual works?
How to narrate a fictional dream in third person?
I&#39;m a new author and I have three projects with complete drafts. Which one should I focus on first?
Is an Introduction and a Prologue good or bad, especially in middle grade fiction?
Writing in between dream sequences
Editor of a publication changed Press Release headline to the point the meaning changed, what can be done?
Can a book be written without an antagonist?
A good approach to show dialogues over radio communication?
Em dash: space or no space between words
Character development in a story?
Can a character read a short excerpt from published literature?
How to write engaging and relevant backstory
Can I write same scene from 2 viewpoints?
What is the best way to cite an anonymous writer?
How can I get my romance through a two-year breakup?
Publishing an illustrated book- Self-Publishing or Corporate Publishing?
How similar is too similar?
Formal video-based creative writing courses
What does a character in a short story/novella/novel really do while &quot;soliloquizing&quot;?
What non-WYSIWYG, non-proprietary alternatives to (La)TeX exist for the humanities, journalism, and other non-technical disciplines?
What can I use instead of &quot;but&quot; and &quot;however&quot;?
tinyURL seen as risky by readers?
What is first electronic rights?
Putting a dialogue a tag before a quote
What are good examples of backstory in natural dialogue?
Rights over a fanfic character not in the original work?
Scrivener: Editing the source files
Standalone book, followed by series
What is the proper format/style for using and properly citing code in an APA paper?
How can we make compiling release notes less chaotic?
Evoking happiness in a very short story
How would I improve the language and structure of this farewell email?
How could I share my lyrics?
How common *are* happy endings?
What is a reasonable amount of time to spend writing a product overview?
Which font should I use when I&#39;m writing?
What&#39;s a good market for experimental novellas?
Can Google Docs be used for technical product documentation?
How to create a document with a table of contents in Scrivener on Windows?
Where to draw the line between being descriptive and getting on with the story?
Using emails in an autobiography
How to highlight a main character among several points of view?
How can I prepare for a career in instruction writing and editing?
How does one go about publishing erotica, and how far is too far?
How long on average does a major house &#39;consider&#39; a book before rejecting or accepting it
Can the term &quot;Glorified delivery&quot; be used to signify giving birth?
Seeking information regarding the use of a period between the day, month, and year formatting
Are there straightforward instructions for MS WORD 2013 for numbering in different formats, yet maintaining a chronological count?
Create and publish collection of public domain poems from 19th century
1-Part vs 2-Part pilot scripts?
From Markdown to .odt and vice-versa: a possible distraction-free writing workflow?
How can I broaden my understanding of my characters?
Can i use the name of a real UK Prime Minister in a fictional Novel?
Can I use real presidents (past and present) and real companies in a fictional story?
Magazines/Websites Similar To The New Yorker?
How do screenwriters earn money, if none of their scripts get turned into movies?
How to avoid formulaic fictional structures while still using tried and tested techniques?
Software for collaborative writing for a small team
Using ideas from other authors without infringing copyright
Am I providing enough information to keep the reader gripped?
Elmore Leonard said Avoid Prologues... Why?
software to write book with lots of photos
Does this entice the reader to continue?
How to follow through with a good idea?
Why do writers use &quot;said&quot; instead of &quot;asked&quot; when someone asks a question?
How does one deal with world builder&#39;s syndrome?
Problems with posting work on the web for feedback
On the role of &quot;accidents&quot; in &quot;realistic&quot; stories
Is it possible to turn a cliche into something original?
What does &quot;telling and not showing&quot; mean?
Which opening for my book is better?
Can I use idioms in my personal statement?
How can I make a person sound sick?
Tone and directness in email
Archetypical/popular historical fiction
Using LaTeX with publishers?
Will my readers find it hard to care/identify with a character who seems to lack human emotions?
Balancing character levity in a serious narrative
Indentation, paragraph spacing, when?
Lists of Suggested Magazines to Submit To
How to cite an entire paragraph?
What are the advantages of different date formats in resumes and CVs?
How to start a technical book?
How is my writing. Please review.?
How do I find mistakes in grammar and style in my own writings?
How do I write a proper cover letter
How to write a press release announcing my own appointment?
Is it legal to name a character in a story after a disguised trademark?
Is it possible to write a novel completely devoid of dialogue?
Royalties and Monthly Sales Statements
What editing can I expect for a translation of a previously-published story?
What information should I provide when submitting a translated, previously-published story?
What is a normal length for a chapter?
How can I write poems in an attractable manner?
requesting a review/critique of an outro narrative
Quality of my blog writing
Using P.S. in a formal email
How to cover different perspectives/levels of thinking in one story?
Is it bad idea to directly state the message/moral of a story?
How can I make sure readers find irony?
Can I use parenthesis in a conversation
What are the best authors to read if you want to get better at humor and comedy in writing?
Tips for analysing character&#39;s role against the novel&#39;s general theme?
When should modifiers be avoided?
Quality over SERPs (Search Engine Result Pages)
Listing names with titles
What are good places to post your work where it will be read by others?
Does a thematic quote qualify as an allusion?
Plot devices for the climax of an adventure story
Location description
How long does it take to write a 1000-word news article?
I have compiled a poetry book with poems of 4chan users. It has a lot of vulgarisms, is it possible to publish something like that?
What is the difference between an ISBN and an ISBN Barcode?
Perspective and Balance with Multiple Characters
If I am writing in the first person can I have the MC relive a scene as an observer and write it in the third person?
Humor in a fantasy setting
What software applications are used for translating a book?
How to find a British agency that will publish a book in Russia?
How to write a novel if you only have five minutes here, ten minutes there to work on it?
Are these examples of tenses? Why do writers use the tenses that they do?
Tools for science-based world building?
How to list concepts and tie them in together?
Is an MLA citation needed for a broad description of a poem&#39;s theme?
Is it okay to mention a person&#39;s nationality and accent only once or twice in a story?
Avoid blending Fantasy and Sci Fi
How do evil protagonists win the reader over in dark fantasy stories?
Legal issue of naming a character after a song character
Using LaTex medium to enhance writing
Conversation with Multiple Characters
Rewriting an existing story (fable) to fit it within my fantasy universe
What gender do you think the narrator is?
How can I learn to write thrillers?
Is there a legitimate step by step guide to getting your book published?
What are some good instruction manuals for writing short stories?
What are good reads about writing?
How to make a debate/discussion between characters less dry?
Declaring short forms in an essay
How to write a reminder LinkedIn email to a stranger?
Plain translation or cultural adaptation?
Can this statement be simplified, and is it effective?
Multiple Point of View characters in a short story
Should I get rid of short sentences that don&#39;t provide much information?
Good idea to describe the heist place before the heist begins?
Examples for books that don&#39;t use (traditional) chapters?
Does the word &#39;bazaar&#39; instead of &#39;market&#39; seem more catchy?
Is it good to publish a novel online for free?
Does this sound like a good description of someone falling asleep due exhaustion? Anything I can do to make it sound better?
Converting ms-word to ebook vs. writing from scratch?
Book rankings by copies sold
Using capital letters for shouting
How explicit can violence and sex be in a YA novel?
Should I use contractions on a non-fiction work?
Method for handling non-canonical fantasy fiction
Referencing, but not using, trademarked characters
Please suggest an exemplary book for professional writing
Can a mock-magazine with fictitious content count legally as fan fiction?
Third-person objective in action scene
Where should I go with this short story?
My Reviews for Free Books?
Is having a specific town for a setting in a young-adult novel a bad thing?
What is the best marketing strategy for a novel and two short stories?
Is the following extended metaphor/group of metaphors too overwhelming?
Should I avoid &quot;lecturing&quot; my readers?
Where should I put a minor action within a piece of dialogue?
How do I create a book cover for my self-published book for under $500?
Can I plug a loophole in my magic rules without rewriting the whole novel?
Book recommendations for proofreaders
Local Newspaper article, homework, on &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; book
What does/would it mean to code a novel?
how to make this thank quote sound more eloquent
Dripfeeding New Concepts to a Reader
&quot;No longer knowing&quot; vs &quot;without knowing...anymore.&quot;
What is the other way to say &quot;stay in touch&quot;?
According to Bakhtin, why is poetry monologue, and a novel dialogue?
Variation in humor among ethnic/cultural groups
The &quot;Rules&quot; of Writing
Do characters sound too similar if they use the same words/expressions?
Should I switch to present tense when the narrator is talking about one of his habits?
How much time does it take to write a professional book?
When do I explain my created world scenario in a prologue vs. letting it unfold in the story?
Editors: Edit on first read, or read and edit on second round?
Is it a bad idea to ground a fantasy world in earthy culture(s)?
When to use pronouns, and when to repeat yourself?
Can we enable readers to connect to far future humanity, without pretending they wouldn’t be different?
tools for writing scripts
What are the pros and cons of building the setting before the characters and story
Exercises for improving 3rd person perspective writing
Writing Across Multiple Genres
Visualizing multiple word-based changes among many text files
How to format dialogue with an embedded long monologue
How do I write for webcomics?
How do I avoid tech/social errors in near-future fiction?
In a thriller, should my famous cities be familiar, or fresh?
What are the 3 all-time best-sellers in each genre?
For Sci-Fi books, what is the purchasing split between regular and ebooks?
Should I indent when I write just a short sentence?
How do I do literary research on an unresearched topic?
Promoting your books when you&#39;ve written under a pseudonym/pen name
How can I write a tragedy for children?
Can you use a company&#39;s name as title for a short story?
Procrastination on a Crucial Scene in my Book
Who is the perfect rival to the right-person-wrong-time character in a love triangle?
Best way to convey an immediate change of scenery
What does &quot;MC&quot; in section break mean?
Problem: Scenes that are unavoidable, but boring
How should I introduce new and complex technologies or tools?
Does anyone know the average number of times a new author has to submit before acceptance?
What is the difference between writing in the first and the third person?
Are there any contests for teenage writers?
How to handle a character when she is lying about her name
How do I evaluate an unwritten plot/story?
What steps to follow in thinking through the writing of a conclusion?
When it&#39;s forgivable to use &quot;suddenly&quot; and &quot;all of a sudden?&quot;
How do I determine if a paper has been plagiarized?
Is my serial-killer novel horror or crime?
Who can help me to describe the text line from my story in slow motion?
What are good books on writing romance/erotica?
Worried that my opening is not gripping enough
Is it bad to have sentences that are too long?
Correcting common personal errors/typos
Should I italicise when the protagonist quote other character&#39;s words?
When mentioning two people in a sentence, what&#39;s the proper way to use a pronoun to reference the first?
Citing in a Magazine Article
What&#39;s a minimum recommendable word-count to generate sales in Amazon Direct Publishing (ADP)?
Are collection of short stories more likely to sell than single short stories?
How should I execute this idea?
How to style a film or book title?
What are the stages of The Guardian&#39;s Journey?
How to name the characters of your story?
Proper way to punctuate &quot;oh so slow&quot;
1st-person POV vs. 1st-person narration
Switching POV: Should it ever be done at all?
State the method of how random data are produced in scientific paper?
When to keep the passive voice and when to remove it
Composing a single narrative by writing small chunks
How to find the plot to a message or theory
Where to check the income of the most famous US fiction writers?
Capitalized opening lines
Rhythm in the following passage
To translate a novel with Westerner&#39;s point of view
Synonym recommendations for &quot;chuckle?&quot;
How should I handle this many characters?
What connotations do these character names confer?
Using quotes for sarcastic text
Is there an accepted (or &#39;correct&#39;) way to write translations/subtitles for different materials (videos, articles, books, etc)?
Is there a way to import a script from Celtx into Final Draft?
Question re asterisks in MS Word using Styles
What are best practices when writing technical descriptions?
How to indicate emphasis in plain text manuscripts
Where to put counter-examples within a 5-paragraph essay?
Should you use two spaces after a period, or just a single one?
Is it plausible to get a contract with an US/UK publisher as a foreigner?
As an new author, how important is to have a personal website?
A* paragraph on narrative writing and descriptive writing
Short story cover: &quot;a story&quot; or &quot;a short story&quot; or not putting anything at all
Order of references
I want to write a Choose Your Own Adventure styled e-book, what&#39;s a good approach?
How would an agent approach a debut piece written by two new authors (co-authors)
What are First Drafts, Second Drafts, etc.?
What kind of rhythm should I use for these settings?
Can an expanded version of an article be considered an unpublished work?
How many errors per page volume is typically &quot;okay&quot; in a book?
How to format and where to place the &quot;thanks&quot; section for websites in a book?
When to accept an editor&#39;s rewrite request?
On writing an essay, what are some good techniques to teach to schoolchildren?
Does reading books help writing skills?
Would this be considered abstract writing?
Cutting down the length of a short story
When is it acceptable to refer to an undefined group of people in academic writing?
Is it a bad practice to end sentences with phrases like: &quot;...and went over to it&quot; or &quot;...and did X to it?&quot;
Is extraneous language appropriate in academic writing?
What are these extra phrases added to the beginning of sentences called?
Should I edit the first draft until I&#39;m totally satisfied or should I leave that to the third draft?
What does one call author blurbs at the bottom of journalistic articles?
How can I prevent, or work around, unfortunate hyphenation in critical words?
How do I improve my knowledge of English well enough to write in it?
A friendlier way to write charges or fees to clients?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of writing in first person?
Is it acceptable to use many footnotes to share additional ideas?
Are Names of Characters Copyrighted by Authors?
Standards for representing user interaction
Should subsection headings sometimes repeat section headings?
Am I adding too many unnecessary &quot;actions/descriptions&quot;?
Assessing what writing skills are missing
Structure of a good summary
Removing an allocated task from someone
How can I avoid word repetition in the following paragraph?
What do you do if you enjoy writing, but have no ideas?
How detailed should I be when writing a character bio?
young age, youthful age?
Rhythm in a list
How to depict Australian characters
Comma between the following clauses in AP Style?
Mixing dialogue and action tags
How to tell a story with the least amount of writing?
Trouble with punctuation and style of a sentence
How do I find a ghostwriter for a series of books?
How can I write an attention-grabbing first line?
Software to organise world building?
Where could I get a sports fiction short story published?
In script writing, how to denote laughter in unison
Screenwriting: Help with paragraph length.
Traditional Publishing vs Ebooks
Writing Multiple Novels Simultaneously
Pricing your Kindle ebooks at Amazon
Space Between Stanzas: Line Beaks or Paragraph Style?
Fiction writing book recommendation for a 10-year old
What are good guidelines to follow when writing app reviews?
Using pronoun in an essay: 2nd person or 3rd person?
Not happy with format of self-published book. How to proceed?
How to cite a Terms of Service in APA style
Writing a punchy paragraph opening / beginning
Please help to improve the following sentence
What symbols are used after difficult words in a text to refer a reader to a glossary for a definition?
Writing first programming book
How to format news, poems, text messages, and other kinds of written text?
becoming better blogger when I write about diverse topics
Usage of commas in poetry
Create and using a custom version of a part of an existing mythology
Looking for a verb that means &quot;making something looks very simple by ignoring its complexity or details&quot;
PDF e-book page size and fonts
What to do when you get stuck trying to connect sentences?
For Kindle, are hard paragraph breaks that serious?
Antagonist motivation help
Techniques for creating a bridge between protagonists from different generations
Should I use present or past tense when the narrator talks about an universal/most-often-true statement?
Does this passage break the rules of telling and not showing?
What should I look for or look out for in a publishing deal?
Am I overusing the words &quot;started&quot; and &quot;began?&quot;
How to number the equations in an academic paper?
What should be in a cover letter for short story submission to a magazine?
Choosing a word according to its length
What is your writing process?
Italicize part of a word in fiction?
What format should I use for this project?
Book recommendations that feature the canadian north
How to convey that the POV character *does not understand* what&#39;s said in dialogue?
Project Management Software Using Google Drive
Ways to replace the phrase &quot;after all?&quot;
Guidelines of reviewing journal manuscripts
Is it better to have a deadline?
Are there any cheap printing options for a small order?
Is it required to cite the original author, when the original author is unknown and in a foreign language and adapted by an oral narrator?
What&#39;s a word for a person who took a very rough story and made it into a book?
Self-contained software environment for authoring research papers
How long should it take to write 100k words?
How to advertise a free e-book?
What is the best way forward for a first time author with little cash?
permission to use emails from famous deceased person
Can anyone recommend a free website builder?
Research about science fiction readers?
Is repetition justified in the following piece?
How can I get started screenwriting/playwriting?
Really Stuck: Writing Dialogue
Collaborating with Stephen King, but not the original
Affordable way to translate sentences?
Pulling an idea through in spite of the need to correct details
Punctuating Thoughts
Does my poem convey the character of the (fictional) author well?
Is it okay to create a remote bibliography or works cited page?
How to shorten meandering dialogue?
Blog Contributions Copyright
Can Readers Relate to a Book without Humans?
Where to find an infographic describing the components of a 5-paragraph essay?
Location of cites using APA style format
Real, serious and based on personal experience idea, but no previous practice. Where to begin?
Changing the way one addresses a character in a dialogue to create variation
Should this introductory quotation be translated, untranslated, or dropped?
Ways to refers to two people who were about to marry or just married
Changing narrators
Spanish writing website?
When writing a formal report should citations be used in the glossary?
Third Person Multiple POV in a single scene, how to refer each other if one character does not know the name of other character and vice versa
Dialogue writing practices?
How do I overcome my anxiety of writing again?
Looking for writer&#39;s platform
When to use contractions and when to use complete words?
Is it possible to establish a relation between word count and page count?
What is a &quot;light novel&quot; and how does it differ from a novella?
Should I use the words &quot;My grandma&quot; repetitively to start sentences in an essay?
Finding before/after examples where writing has been improved, to learn from
Is muteness appearing without explicit reason acceptable?
Where to find editors to hire for tech blog?
How can I search for words by meaning/definition?
Is there anything like 99designs for text writing?
Omitting &quot;that&quot; in fiction writing
&quot;Variation&quot; and &quot;symmetry&quot; in a sentence
Writing, my first attempt
Is Sherlock Holmes public domain for use in a story?
Can several related short-stories make a good base to write a novel?
Where to publish Edgar Allan Poe style fiction short story?
Could you please suggest a very dense book?
Concept map software that concentrates on ease of use?
Visual methods of plot development?
Pros ans cons of writing a plot based on the present and past tense (character&#39;s point of view)?
how many books by new authors get published every year?
Tips to identify &quot;noise&quot; or &quot;clutter&quot; in your story
Writer&#39;s Notebook
Stupid Villain rather than Dark Lord
How do you build good per-book *and* global indexes?
Writing exercises to practice the art of giving unique voice to characters?
ISBN codes for privately sold books?
How to use creative commons materials?
Shift in tense and starting a historical account with the present tense
Works of fiction containing non-related but constantly alternating narrative streams?
How to make a intellectually disabled character believable?
Making a female character sound more boyish/masculine
Characters with non-standard names
Background speech with foreground dialogue
Scrivener: marking multiple (non-adjacent) phrases in a manuscript with same footnote
Can Articy Draft be used to write a book?
Do I need to register my work to retain copyright?
What is the process for turning a story into a &quot;movie&quot; script?
Would it be annoying for the reader if the all the scenes alternate between &quot;present&quot; and flashback?
Ways of presenting a metaphor/simile/analogy
From short fiction to a novel
How to write in past tense?
Is it common for flashbacks to not to follow a chronological order?
Does a character have to define himself to be engaging?
Balancing loads of equally-important characters
Publisher field in Book Review when the book is obtained for free from the internet
How would I find a publisher who is accepting unsolicited manuscripts from authors?
How to show that the current scene is a continuation of an earlier one?
Level of description in a story
Figuring out when a book was printed
How to overcome the fact that I can&#39;t write?
Is there a good project management software for writers?
How can I dig conflict out of an optimistic SF-nal premise?
Hand gestures of &quot;Come on&quot; and other short words
Is it worth switching to Dvorak?
First person pov with more than one main chars
Ebook Formatting for all platforms
How should I introduce my characters?
Legalities about fictionalizing current events
At what point can a story be considered &quot;erotic&quot;?
Techniques for creating variety in prose
Using &quot;by&quot; on the book cover
Is the following analogy effective and clear?
When to use semicolons and when to use em dashes?
What&#39;s a good program for tracking submissions?
How do you track submissions to publishers/markets?
Are there any good magazines about writing?
Proper attribution of copyrighted lyrics in a story
Other options for &quot;had had&quot;?
Are agents too busy for new clients? What should I do next?
Resources on Minimalist Style of Creative Writing
API reference doc: best practices for describing opaque parameters?
Mashery vs. Apigee
Expectation of privacy using a pseudonym?
Good Outlining Solutions For OSX?
How much can I talk about other people&#39;s works?
Is it necessary to make clear &quot;when&quot; an event occur in a flashback?
How to decide whether or not to accept publishing offer for short story?
Is it possible to publish stories with experimental spacing technique? (aka, blank pages, etc.)
Does it sound more natural to use the character&#39;s way of speaking while describing his/her inner thoughts?
How do I keep up with current written English language?
Attributing quotes to fictional characters
Describing a character&#39;s panic and confusion
Swearing - Censor, allude, or include?
How do I balance reading time with writing time?
Re-phrasing help
Should a piece of fiction be made of 100% concise writing?
How can I say &quot;Facebook will not get you anywhere&quot;?
Metrics for assessing the persuasiveness of a paper?
How should I break up chapters in a novel?
How to maintain an unchanging tone to the narrative while writing collaborative fiction?
Units to use in travelogue-book (time, weight, temperature, distance, etc)
Why do authors start a paragraph in an indirect way?
How do I quote a song from Youtube? MLA format
Is it correct to use verbs like &quot;sighed&quot; and &quot;laughed&quot; as dialogue tags?
How does one involve people in writing non-fiction?
What&#39;s with all the hate on adjectives and adverbs?
Does my title/opening paragraph grab your attention?
Roadblocks in my story: The Gladys Tribe
Critique: Make excerpt more visual/flow better
Create automatic index from text document
Is it a bad idea to turn a short story into a full-length novel?
How do I create a book on iBookstore without having a Mac?
Is there an alternative to the common genre-system for classifying books?
Using hyphen points
Referring to people in a book
Writing a newspaper article summary
Do you use a pop-up dictionary/thesaurus on Windows? What are your criteria?
How to become a productive/accomplished writer?
Books for children: complexity
Does this sound like someone at the end of their conflict with emotions? Please help
Complimenting on solid structure with no major flaws
A short story, any comments?
What steps can be taken to avoid libel / copyright issues in social commentary?
Do people read short stories?
Opening a story with a reference to what someone just said followed by a setting description
Publishing price comparisons. Is it allowed?
Using pronouns properly in order to avoid confusion and repetition
Permission requirements from people in my memoir
story driven by event rhythm
Tone and directness in inviting prospective team member
Using the Minto Pyramid
Variation in paragraph length
An (Collaborative) Online Outline
What binding and paper should be used on a self-printed novel?
Does the country matter in a story if it is set in a real one?
What does active voice mean?
Style Critique (1200 words)
Is this stylized writing successful or gimmicky?
About the Author description
Need Help Understanding the Meaning of Certain Topics in a Writing Contest
Design stories with techniques from other creative processes
Shared world contract
What&#39;s the best practice for displaying a personal website url in a resume?
Intervening Characters in fiction
What makes writing emotional?
Can Anybody Write an &quot;Unauthorized&quot; Guide?
How to tell if a fiction workshopping site protects my rights?
Using &quot;his/her&quot; vs using &quot;the&quot; to refer to objects in the character&#39;s home
Separate paragraphs without line breaks
Best Grammar checking software
Can a copyright be made in the name of a fictional writer?
Does my story structure for an ensemble zombie story sound effective?
Fixing fundamental flaws of structure and composition under deadline
think, I think, I don&#39;t think
Tone and directness in email requesting details from prospective venues
How to avoid repetition
How to write for cartoons?
What is the best way to learn technical writing?
Creative writing use and abuse
Is the following sentence structure allowed in fiction?
where would be a good place to find writers for my staff?
Is being paid by the word/page making American books longer?
Does the following piece have too much dry narration (mundane tasks, moving about)?
Is it a bad idea to use a culture-specific word in the title of a story?
Is the following allowed under the ungrammatical exceptions in fiction?
What paragraph style should I use for an e-book?
What&#39;s the significance of ancient mythology in literature?
What republication rights do I have?
Techniques to write for a wider audience
HTML Formatting for ebook
Can a title be copyrighted?
Is it better to omit phrases like: after a moment, after a while, for a moment, etc?
Is it better to make clear immediately in which country/continent the story is taking place?
How specific should I be when outlining the plot?
What is the correct location for page numbers in a report?
Where do I fit in the future of publishing?
How to represent dependencies in outlines
Should one use the legal &quot;shall&quot; in requirements documents and specification documents?
Introducing the next sub-section or not?
Wait for the results of writing contest or try other means
Book Plot Sugestions
I&#39;m getting tired of &quot;he said&quot; &quot;she said&quot; in dialogue; how do I get around it?
Free stock photos for ebook cover
Is it true that men (in general) can&#39;t write female first-person?
How do you keep up with all the ebook formats?
how to cite a dubbed TV series? APA 6th edition
First Chapter for Free?
How to indicate that it is a single short story
Offer to publish - should you accept or wait?
Should I include my email address in an ebook?
Formatting lists for ebook format?
Dream analysis research
The street is filled with cars and people
What type of writing would this fall under?
Best Practices To Learn By Reading?
How to tell if my story is finished, or needs more?
Is it strange if a novel starts the first chapter without one of main characters?
How to come up with a good title?
What is the term for an accessible character that knows nothing?
How to better describe &quot;jet-black (pitch-black) darkness&quot;?
Do short stories have to be of a particular length?
An adjective relating to the circus?
How to write a summary of an article or any text print?
What is the better job for an English major: copy-editor or editor in chief?
how to use `and so on` or `blabla` in the middle of a sentence?
How to share the work, if writing fiction in a team?
What is a good OCR program?
Ebook publishing
Basing fiction on personal life
Are different styles/storylines prefered in different languages/cultures?
Suggest any good text editor for Mac for writing in multiple languages
How best to format a novel written in Markdown
Co-authoring, brainstorming but not writing
How to avoid specifying the gender in English when the original text does not specify it?
What is the smallest amount of text that can be plagiarized?
How do I organize a paragraph that lists several steps after an introduction?
Are my metaphors/similes effective?
Creating metaphors in poetry
How to convert handwriting into text
Dealing with potential copyright issues: manga
Format + Editor for book writing
Can a book be published by more than one publisher?
Is there a Market for Poetry with a Fixed Verse Form
What are advantages/disadvantages to use a CC-license for your writings?
What factors to consider when choosing an e-book platform?
How do you Open with an Anecdote in a persuasive writing? :&#39;( Or maybe in the middle?
Forming a tagline for customers, drivers and software
How does one write a character smarter than oneself?
How to quote something twice
When quoting a person&#39;s informal speech, how much liberty do you have to make changes to what they say?
Using senses and similes in descriptions
When quoting a person&#39;s informal speech, how much liberty do you have to make changes to what they say?
Maintaining the consistency of voice and spontaneity throughout a piece
Coming up with names for species in fiction?
Do episodes of the show House follow a constant structural pattern?
Does writing in a certain mood change how a writer writes?
Is it OK to refer to some characters by first name and to others by last name?
Which one is correct?
Is it possible my book could be taken off-line for sale if there is a cease and desist letter?
When self publishing, are there benefits to making a company to represent your books? Is that then a publishing house?
What book review sites allow authors to send a copy of their books for reviews?
The manuscript Summa Logicae (William of Ockham)
Writing style — comma, period and re-referring the object of the first sentence again as subject in second sentence
in text citation for handbook
What are some online guides for starting writers?
Words for Sounds in Screenplay
Chopped sentences with too many conjunction, and repeating the subject again and again
Tips For A Good Medieval Fantasy Novel
New digital ways of presenting a novel in 2011?
Which tense should I use when writing a post about a journey?
Are there any free programs for screen writers
How do I find good interview subjects?
How do collaborating authors choose an agent?
What literary tools can be used to make stories more immersive?
How to describe the dissipation of tension between two people?
How to express concisely the circular concept of a beginning and future simultaneously?
Is there a reference for &quot;dumbing down&quot; material?
Table of content in Newsletter
How can I get my students to better integrate their sources into their writing?
Using a world created by someone else for your own fiction
Why Use Excessively Short Chapters?
The value of labeling book sections
A comma followed by &quot;and&quot; rule
Overuse of bullet points
How to elegantly convey the finer nuances of language in written form
How should I begin my research for my Military Fiction?
Best practice for stories based on other writers&#39; stories
What do publishers do for me?
Where is a good place to find writing prompts?
How to start a book off?
Multiple tasks and a step by step tutorial
What makes a great writer&#39;s space?
Does this excerpt strike a balance between the formality of steampunk and accessible writing?
Tools for generating characters&#39; names
What&#39;s the benefit of using invented languages in-story?
Which e-book formats to use to get a larger readership?
Does DRM affect copyright or the restrictions on distribution by the author?
How likely is the &quot;five consecutive word rule&quot; to detect &quot;random,&quot; as opposed to intentional plagiarism?
How to minimize language mistakes while writing
Ways to speed up my writing to 15 - 20 pages a day
Improving techniques independently: Description
What is the correct word/term that needs to be before the names of the maker of the project?
How do I organize a massive collection of personal files and writing? 
Where is a good place to find beta readers?
Where can I find lists of commonly used words to avoid?
How can I translate my poems in English that it doesn&#39;t sound odd/non poetic for English speaker audiences?
What is the preferred way to type out ellipses?
How can I freelance remotely for overseas advertising agencies as a writer? 
How can I improve my analytical writing for a standardized test?
Is a glossary needed in a novel?
Tenses I should use in a translated-novel
Is it unusual for a flashback to have a very long dialogue?
Writing in second language
Ideas for nicknames of characters in a story
A more effective way of writing this dialogue:
What is an envelope line?
How is parallel construction viewed in literature?
Strange ungooglable symbol. What does it mean? What is it called? &#167;
Words in author&#39;s native language?
What exactly is the &quot;five (consecutive) word&quot; plagiarism rule?
Would it be plagiarism if you use a changed scene?
How can I consistently distinguish among tables, fields, and records in a database?
Must one have a book cover designed before to publisher?
How are multilingual scenes handled when the story&#39;s main language is translated into that of its minor one?
Is it acceptable practice to use contractions in a fictional first person narrative for children?
Getting details of a past century right
Using dashes in writing dialogue
Should I write about how the character solved some riddle or let the reader solve it himself
How are citations formatted in serious non-fiction (proposals)?
Hand wrote 200 page novel- how many typed pages is that?
Critique wanted for a fantasy prologue
Releases needed for picture books?
Best way to emphasise the greenness of the fields in spring in comparison with summer
UK laws broken by piracy of novels
Tracing dependencies and emergent plotholes during edits
Am i using &quot;he/she&quot; too often during action scenes?
How to tell or retell basic character and setting information in a series?
Should I punctuate abbreviations for Old English, Middle English etc. in academic writing?
Does this qualify as a prelude or prologue?
Should freelance writers keep their online business separate from offline?
What is the correct way to write a fractional number in a formal letter?
singular or plural for index entries
Is there any standardized definition of a &quot;Mary Sue&quot;?
Structure for computer science research paper
How to include photos in my Scrivener book?
How should we go from Stack Exchange Q/A to publishable PDF with the least hassle?
Any documentaries or other inspirational movies about creative writing?
My Ex husband&#39;s wife self published a non fiction book naming my kids in the story
How much power does the author have over an original work?
Do you have to be good at grammar to get published?
How to cite multiple chapters from same book in Vancouver style?
Is there a way to ask online booksellers to pull pirated editions of my books?
Standardizing capitalization within a bibliography or footnotes when your sources have used different standards
Which animal symbolises trade?
How should I format a non fiction book with Scrivener?
How can one plan elaborate crimes for fiction without getting into trouble?
Does submitting multiple pieces to professional magazines (and being turned down) hurt chances of later stories that may be better-written?
Critique of this short text about inequality and contempt
What constitutes historical fantasy?
What is the proper way to write time in a manuscript?
How to get a programming book published
Shared worlds: are there any good collaborative sites out there?
What&#39;s a good writing software for Android phones/tablets?
Any Technique to See if Your Idea is Original?
Effect of real world brands and/or places on story tone
Is there any merit to the term &quot;Mary Sue&quot;?
Punctuation and capitalisation in poetry
Any experience with Serenity Editor software?
Writing from the middle
Do I include the method of my research in the title?
Should I state my intentions/outline my structure at the beginning of an academic essay?
Does this riddle abuse language to make it fit into verse?
Good book on writing for children?
Does inclusion of significant quotations from literature make a novel harder to publish?
Do different formats of the same book need to be registered separately?
How do I cite well known historical works?
Does using version control system make backups unnecessary?
Flashback or dream as a means of hinting at more going on than meets the eye
What are some ingredients of really engaging non-fiction?
Workflow for writing and poetry contests
Books to improve writing skills
Dedicated micro website
how should a writer use version control to track drafts, rewrites, and revisions?
How can I make a collection of essays / arguments more attractive to publishers? 
What&#39;s the best version control system for a book writer?
How to have a character be nameless for the first few paragraphs of a book?
What makes good writing software?
Proper use of the &quot;historical present tense&quot;
Do script readers start at the beginning?
How to handle taxes for a self-published book
Which free licence to choose for my book (manual)?
How can I express this fragment more clearly and concisely?
Self/vanity publishing a game manual
Should I close this quoted paragraph?
Page numbers on colour plates
What software do you use for writing and then structuring a book?
Killing off a character: deciding if, when and how
In what narrative mode should you explain a process or task?
What structure should I use for each article in a technical travel guide?
Is it a good idea to first write the linear plot when writing a segmented screenplay?
Are there some good books about scriptwriting to study?
What is the role of editors in news media today?
How do greetings vary with time of day?
Describe all corrections as clearly and unambiguously as possible
Should paragraphs split over pages in thesis?
Setting up for writing
What is a discovery writer?
Chapter names: The various ways of implementing them and why should I care
Is anybody aware of a good way I can determine whether or not something is public domain, or royalty free?
Is the first draft of a novel usually shorter than the finished work?
Writing about a subject on which you have no expertise?
Converting the MIT License into a limerick
Why shouldn&#39;t I use a pen name?
How do I change a novel from first person to limited third person?
How do authors gain strong familiarity with archaic and extremely rare words?
Are there any syllable-counting applications for poety writing?
What genre appeals to the widest audience?
What work better for the following piece of writing? Past or present tense?
How to quote from a foreign journal that has not been translated?
How to put on a book launch?
Are there rules for, or guidelines on, time gaps between a plot&#39;s scenes/chapters?
Very simple markup language for writing fiction
Do the characters in the following dialogue sound the same?
How do you map out your storyline?
Text Editors. Suggesting &amp; Tracking Changes to Plain-Text Documents
Common errors for a non-native English writer starting a blog in English?
What is the difference between &quot;creative writing&quot; and &quot;fiction writing&quot;?
Gadgets that make the world/story broken
What are some examples of modern original plots?
Is it worth reading book to learn more about topic of my story
Parts, books, volumes, etc
What is the proper way to use the pronoun &quot;I&quot; without too much repetition?
Find Information For Describing A Nuclear Power Plant
Are TOC and appendix part of total word count for books?
Should I embrace or avoid memes(pictures) when blogging?
Resource for generic plot hooks?
Should I remove scenes that I myself find &quot;boring&quot;?
Troubles with unfamiliar locations and settings based in the real world
avoiding making all your characters sound the same
Are the web audience who love microblogging and the book audience who love long stories different?
Can I use a different ISBN when publishing a co-authored book in two different countries?
Source ideas for monsters in a fantasy novel?
What language style should I use for a tech blog?
How to keep the reader engaged in a novel where &quot;not much happens&quot;?
How about a story as a series of anecdotes?
Punctuation-Quote or Quote-Punctuation?
Initial Writing Medium
Best markup language for a little story?
Requesting A Writing Critique, Hopefully More Focused
Unsure of how to interpret this prompt
How much influence does blogging have on learning to write better?
Intellectual Property Rights &amp; Reuse of the Written Material
Must every piece of speech get its own paragraph?
Very long sentences: personal style or just bad writing?
Possible interactions of punctuation marks with the word &quot;however&quot; in a novel
Researching sensitive subjects
How to write realistic female dialogue
Knowing When To Cite?
How much swearing is TOO much? (And how much is not enough?)
Combatting Excessive Familiarity Of Writing
Dealing with lackluster plot failure
Characters time spending: Are there any good limits for time spending on characters of secondary list?
Is it a bad idea to vary the voice of the narrator in third person (limited omniscient)?
Creative Commons and / or Public Domain library
Should I care if my short story has the same title as someone else&#39;s book?
What does a typical creative writing course look like?
alternatives to &quot;he said&quot; in dialog
Is it a bad practice to occasionally add first-person narrative to third-person narrative?
How can I keep my characters&#39; identities a mystery successfully?
Critique My Poem Please!
Is it okay to call the reader&#39;s target audience stupid?
Is it possible that my short novel will be boring to my readers because it only has two characters and the location doesn&#39;t change?
Various flavors for the action &quot;irritate someone&quot;?
More concise words for &quot;Ask for help &amp; learn from others&quot;
Correct word for &quot;Pulling some one into work, with continuous effort&quot;?
Switching from past to present tense?
What qualities should a good metaphor have?
Learning storywriting for videogames - Handling deep nonlinearities
What&#39;s a normal word count for a children&#39;s novel or collection?
Please help me re-word this sentence
How many errors should I expect from a proofreader?
Effective ways to enrich your active vocabulary?
What should be put on scene notecards? (for novel writing)
Too much exposition in my full-length play: how to fix it?
Peeking through character&#39;s mask
A cross-[What] kind of romance?
Learning storywriting for videogames - where to start?
How to refer to character of focus in a story
Which fantasy worlds can be freely used in new work without a license?
What is a good daily word count goal?
Characters with no names
How little &quot;fantasy&quot; can be in a story and it still be recognizably fantasy?
Should I translate my own writings into a second language I also know well?
Are there any good tablets out there for writing/editing?
Using uncommon abbreviations
Can I self-publish, and how much would it cost?
When should a chapter end?
Converting Word pages to book pages, for novels?
Is it acceptable for a tech book to consist of only 2 chapters?
How to publish public domain books?
Is it a bad writing practice to start sentences with a verb?
Works of literature that are (ostensibly) about the act of writing
Non-cheap ways to make villains evil?
Looking for some tips on how to improve writing
Are music lyrics copyrighted?
Using Documentary For Inspiration
Turning Checkered Squares into Settings
Is it really so &quot;impossible&quot; to get published by a traditional publisher?
As a freelance writer, should I charge more for inconvenient time worked?
figures and tables always on top of the page?
Can a section have the same name as the chapter?
Can you reprint screen shots of a game application or program without permission?
Differences in personal statements between American and UK universities?
combining sentences
Websites that offer book/movie/story analyses useful for writers?
Do most novels not get published?
Can you cite an article to your bibliography? If yes, what is the format?
How can I help a writing-phobic but competent student develop their writing?
How do I quote a graphic novel?
Referencing a Play in an MLA paper
Is it good style in fiction to write sentences as a flow of (disjointed) thoughts?
What exactly is wrong with &#39;It was a dark and stormy night&#39;?
Where to find some good examples of combat or action scenes?
Should it be a Short Story or Full Story
How many short stories make a collection
How to convert DOI to citation information
Citing foreign language sources (Swedish) in MLA7 bibliography?
What makes first person plural a tricky narrative voice?
Is there a description of location required in intense moments of the story like in a love story
How do I overcome a lack of motivation to write at home?
Striking the balance between dialogue and narrative
Is the opening of this detective short story gripping enough to read on? Can it be shortened?
Problems with character development?
Where to publish poems
Where can I find a good vocabulary list?
Is the statement readable
How to fix writer&#39;s thought muddledness?
Story-Telling on the Internet
Is this dialogue and situation intriguing (short story)?
How can people doing technical, archane work be portrayed interestingly?
Using abbreviations after in-text citations
How to deal with self-criticism?
Does this opening paragraph grab your attention? (very normal setting)
How applicable are screenwriting ideas to novels?
How do authors incorporate languages they don&#39;t speak?
Stick to in-text citation or use a mixture of both parenthetical and in-text?
Poem in a short story?
APA citation style - capitalization of titles
Does stilted english means that the writer is dumb in using the langauge?
How to continue someone else&#39;s story gracefully, with fan-fiction?
How to find an agent for a children&#39;s picture book? 
Problems with past tenses in formal paper on a novel with MLA Format
Is it ok to be autobiographical with a main character?
What existing platforms use crowdsourcing to develop creative writing and editing?
How much should I reveal of how the world functions in fiction?
Adding Detail/&quot;Filling&quot; the story
What are the advantages and disadvantages of digital rights management for self-published authors?
ePublishing Conference Proceedings
Writing a very complex relationship
Is the ambiguity in my story the salt which makes it tasty or just plain frustrating?
How much $ to calculate for an Editor
Is this essay title critical?
How short is &quot;short monograph&quot;?
Can I improve my beta reading skills to aid a close person&#39;s writings?
I suck at plots. Is there a way to sort of train oneself to think of creative plots, specifically in scifi?
Is an anthology a valid NaNoWriMo entry?
Is it frustrating not to know the narrator&#39;s gender?
Is this character generator useful?
How to write time duration correctly
Is a chapter the equivalent of a sequence?
Character Development - How much is too much?
Issues with Scene/Sequel model
Adding related work to an academic project report
How to get over writer&#39;s block related to revising?
When citing information from a source do I need multiple citations for multiple ideas or sentences
&quot;I have/am&quot; what are other short ways to not repeat this in a cover letter?
Word Choice: When something negative happens that changes your perspective for the better
Will the word &quot;seek&quot; be associated with the word &quot;sick&quot; if it is present in the title of my book?
Starting Out - Plot + Charaters by Documentaries
ISBN - is it possible to have one and a title before publishing?
Deciding the setting: real or invented?
Is it overkill to follow style-guides for technical writing?
How to combine a visual and textual outline
Writing subjectively or objectively? (IELTS writing)
Which well-established vanity publishers offer publishing for money and how much money is enough?
Is there some guideline that I can point to about the overuse of bold and underline?
Tools for exploring and analysing document structure?
Should this sentence be included in the Executive Summary?
Can a literary agent be hired?
Getting a Manuscript Reviewed
Correct spelling errors while writing or after you&#39;ve finished?
Spiritual elements in a science-fiction novel
Are there any metrical dictionaries?
Am I correctly referencing chapters which belong to the same book?
Are contractions antithetical to academic writing? 
Best tool to create ebooks?
Does this feel like natural English?
Does a technical writer need a technical background?
Avoiding unintended rudeness or accusatory tones in reminder emails
Is it safe to write about a fictional murder in a real-life location?
What is a beat?
What resources will teach me about the state of the art in technical writing?
When to use the em dash (—) in fiction writing?
Adding dementia to writing
What permissions do I need to write a non-fiction book based on personal interviews?
Faith, Hope and Love as the keys to victory in an action-adventure novel?
How can I reconcile the exposition of the three act scheme vs. starting out with a bang?
It is unprofessional to use double exclamation marks and CAPS in a product or service?
Is it really necessary to add things like &quot;I thought, I wondered, etc,&quot; in first-person narrative?
How can I learn how to outline, so I can write like an architect? 
Habits and routines for my first tech writing job
How can a new writer make a realistic estimate of his work rate?
In-Text Citations: Author-Date v.s. [Number]?
How can I improve the effectiveness of my examples to grab the recruiters attention?
Path to publishing a technical book
How do I start a business-presentation?
Is the following piece of text comprehensible and written in good style?
Is the iPad a convenient medium for writing work?
What&#39;s the best way to show a foreign language in a manuscript?
Help Formatting for Kindle Direct Publishing on Mac?
Where to find comparative information about publishers?
What&#39;s the correct vocabulary for a web application tutorial?
How do I write a relevant CV for submitting a manuscript to a literary agent?
Italicizing and adding accents to Spanish words in an English novel.
How does one present spoken dialogue as a secondary language to signed speech?
Which language to use when writing a multinational story
What can an agent do for me if I only write short stories?
Cutting down on paragraph size
Breaking the &#39;cooling down&#39; rule after finishing the first draft
Translation of my book &quot;Babymoves&quot; into Japanese
How do I escape my own experience?
Quoting characters&#39; writing
What&#39;s the indent rule of poetry?
What is it called when the outcome of the plot is not told?
Where and how to give an overview of each chapter in scientific writing?
How to know if the events in my novel are &#39;realistic enough&#39;?
Need a resource for creative writing
Quotes inside of Quotes inside of Quotes
Is there a technique to help me write this character&#39;s notebook entries?
Fan Fiction: a crutch or a good start?
What is the word for this effect - things are not normally noticed until those things come in to the news and people fear/are looking for them
Deciding whether to use a dialogue tag or an action tag in a dialogue
Phonetic Dictionary
Writing a novel which has the same structure and a particular theme in each chapter
What determines a book&#39;s price?
Synopsis - multiple POVs and time periods
Is it better to divide writing time for a &#39;many short times&#39; approach instead of &#39;one long session&#39;?
Book cover conventions
Are there any specific rules to write Prequels and Sequels so that we don&#39;t end up with conflicting situations?
Do flashbacks break up short stories too much?
What permissions do I need for nonfiction travelogue?
IF i want to write an episode to a TV sitcom, how can i send it to the TV network?
Copyright of screens/movie posters
How do co-authors&#39; rights to a manuscript work?
Publishing a translation
Writing a programming book: how to present directory structures
Is going &#39;off-topic&#39; a sign of bad dialogue?
Is it good idea to create a Sarcastic tone for provocative thoughts
Main idea or Thesis
Why are papers written in a two column format?
What are the &#39;header&#39; lines/meta information in a formal letter called?
How can I deal with an overload of writing projects?
How does copyright apply to illustrations and cover art?
If I&#39;m going to hire a copyeditor, do I need to do any proofing myself?
First-time meeting with publisher &amp; editors (What to expect)
Is it typical to add variation to the words used for a character&#39;s name to keep it spicy?
When editing for a person, how much can be changed?
Should cliffhangers be used in every chapter?
How/When to create deliberately boring characters?
How to publish my Research Publication
Tools or communities for word association?
Should my story&#39;s main obstacle be secret or common knowledge to the society?
How do you determine if a plot device is too coincidental?
Publishers favoring, or temporary initiatives tailored for, young authors
How to distinguish if a novel is science fiction or fantasy?
How can I develop my ideas?
Level of detail in description of character checking the news
Shared World licensing fees
Should I avoid modern words/phrases in fantasy writing?
Creating Shared Worlds
Using latin words in fantasy
How to figure out if an agent is &quot;on the straight&quot; or &quot;shady&quot;?
Does my story beginning hook the reader? (dialogue + narration)?
How does joint authorship work?
Where to get critiques?
What sections of the frontmatter are listed in the table of contents?
My first act is lengthy. And I cannot shorten it. Any Suggestions?
Some doubts on the use of Italicized words
A tricky serial semi-colon
How do I stick to one story?
Software that converts handwriting to computer text
Using Glossary Instead of Footnotes (for translation/transliteration)
Is a &#39;tutorial format&#39; acceptable for personal notes?
What is the proper usage and etiquette for using press releases from an external source on a website?
How do I avoid legal repercussions for writing a story based on events in my life?
How to describe the point-of-view character without using mirrors
website to publish article on high-performance cluster computing?
Does this beginning hook the reader?
How to improve the ending of this short story (final scene + flashback)
What&#39;s the modern way to handle gender in tech writing?
Is there a quick way to know I have created a Mary Sue?
How long has the &quot;scene&quot; method been used for writing a novel?
Is Patent text copyrighted?
What marketing techniques are effective for short story eBook collections?
How does one avoid bland, generic fantasy while they write?
Opening paragraphs of a short story set in an aquarium
Are these fictional musings convincing or overwrought?
Substitutions for &#39;which&#39; and &#39;for which&#39; that maintain the sentence&#39;s meaning
Is this a sound outline for an essay on &quot;Comparing a Song&#39;s Lyrics to Society&quot;?
Paragraph flow, verb inversion and last sentence tone
Is this excerpt&#39;s style too matter-of-fact?
Does this snippet meander too much?
How do I rewrite the following for a resume?
Advice on choice of epigram
Does this essay demonstrate flow, clarity, and passion?
How to improve/fix this short introductory paragraph and dialog?
How to write a powerful but uncomplicated conference biography?
Will this opening and dialogue grab the reader&#39;s attention? And how can I improve it?
Is it a bad idea to have all the action in the beginning and all the dialogue in the end?
Tips for describing features of unusual place that I often visit
&quot;Lacking meat&quot;, &quot;Content-free&quot;, and poor defense-development. Please critique my work
How can I condense a description of a web designer/developer&#39;s work into a one-liner?
What&#39;s the most marketable title?
How can I express this more clearly or concisely?
Improving Ad Script
How can I revise these sentences to be more correct while still keeping the effect?
Questions on two sentences on a cover letter
Confusing writing in order to show how character is falling asleep - is it OK?
Is it a bad idea to linger too long on a first draft?
How difficult is it to get published? - The Objective Version
How can one make technical issues more accessible to a non-technical audience?
Should I use different pen names for different audiences (non-fiction)?
Why are license agreements, disclaiming letters and others written with capital letters?
Defining Terms: To Capitalize or Not To Capitalize?
What purpose does it serve to obscure the title of a TV show? 
Could a different structure for &quot;Feast of Crows&quot; have been a better solution to Martin&#39;s five-year-gap?
Is &quot;sparkle&quot; the correct word?
What is a good methodology for researching a historical novel?
Does this FAQ accurately convey the mission of DIY.SE?
Which is a better composition?
Any suggestions to improve these three introductory paragraphs of a novel I&#39;m writing (e.g. writing style, description and flow)?
Advice on interface text in a videogame
What is the expression/common form to express that one will stay long term somewhere?
Does this paragraph make you want to keep reading?
Style signatures and uncommon formatting patterns
Abbreviation for &quot;figures&quot; in scientific papers
Would it be weird if I write &quot;a simple sample something&quot;?
Is calling this process a &quot;convergence&quot; accurate and clear?
Should I switch to third person or continue in first person?
Finding an Textfile Ezine to Write For
In a &quot;learn to do X&quot; book, should a section review come before the quiz / exercises or after?
How can I improve the grammar of this paragraph about the role of internet?
My &quot;Bio&quot;. Is the language OK?
How can this technical message be made clearer?
Is it more advantageous to have an excerpt or a plot summary critiqued?
Help me to improve grammar of this question
Replacing actually with a more formal alternative
How can I describe the effect of building up a mental exposures?
How could the surprise-villain thread have been less contrived in &quot;Harry Potter and the Philosopher&#39;s Stone&quot;?
Is the opening of this story intriguing, &quot;dark&quot; and smooth?
Logical conclusions of deduction
Problems with constructing a complex sentence with many ideas in it
Explaining that experience is far greater than official job title implies
How to improve the ending of my short novel (mostly dialogue)?
How well would this beginning sell the book to readers? Not necessarily for money
How can I make this essay more succinct? 
How to further improve the flow and crispness in the essay?
Resume Preamble: Sounds wrong
How can this sentence better convey the immobilizing impact of fear?
What can I write to improve reader participation at this blog?
When writing on paper, how do you move things about?
Kindle self-publishing, automatically update
Does this passage convey an appropriate mix of seriousness and levity?
Does this microfiction provide a slightly surreal sense when describing an ordinary scene?
Please advise on this comma among semi-colons and provide a more concise sentence
How can I improve this description which includes actions?
The most natural paragraph
Website to know about books something similar to IMDB for movies?
Will science fiction as a genre ever go the way of the western?
My story portrays a process, not a conflict - how do I make the process my focus?
What are &quot;industry leading royalties&quot;?
Preventing the symbolic conflict of &quot;Hunger Games&quot; from overshadowing widespread social plight
Citing the same source several times
How to make out that my work doesn&#39;t require any more editing?
How to write about things which depend on each other
Using today&#39;s moral compass in fantasy
A Polish manual of style.
Ways for main character to influence world following their death
Sympathetic portrayal of an evil protagonist with good motivations
Parenthetical phrases within dialog
Giving something an alias
What are the legal implications and best practices for publishing screenshots of web sites in a book?
My cool character is doing nothing for the plot. How do I deal with him?
Incorporating diagrams and equations into text when writing
Do I have to revise my book on paper?
What is the proper way to add Creative Commons licensing information to a book?
Do fullscreen writing environments help for writing? Why?
Writers Communities?
Referencing a website using Harvard style
Can you change a punctuation mark when referencing a passage from a text?
How can I convey that my viewpoint character is lying?
How to handle screenplay revisions in Final Draft?
Getting the first words down on paper
How do I maintain flow and interest when handling numerous plot threads?
What is the name for the literary technique where the author writes him/herself into a book?
Is it OK to use a single parenthesis after each number in a list?
How can a practical learner get up to speed on APA quickly?
MLA formatting for multiple in-text citations of the same soure
substitute for however
Do parentheses inhibit clarity?
World Building critique: Building an SF society off a tangent of &quot;Adaptation&quot;
Do I need an LLC to self-publish a political book in Florida?
Is this description of my small productivity application clear enough?
Vision/dream as an effective opening?
Feedback on sign-up email announcement
Critique: three person dialogue
Where to find authors for highly technical articles?
How can you write less to say more?
Citing in a paper: one citation for two paragraphs?
Fantasy writing and Personal Philosophy
How do I avoid a “mid-story info dump?”
Using &quot;Ends.&quot; to indicate the end of a document
Any good side-by-side editor for script translation?
How do I round out a powerful character?
Is this blog post clear and coherent?
What are the challenges of converting blog content to a publishable work?
Help me rewrite this sentence
Is this clearly expressed: &quot;The real power is information&quot;
Potential confusion: referring to home planet as &quot;Earth&quot;
Are contests an effective way to gauge the quality of your writing?
When to start a new paragraph and when to start a new &quot;scene&quot;
Where in a CV should I mention a relevant but unpaid (volunteer) project?
In writing a cover letter accompanying a submission to a literary journal, is listing publications in less well-regarded journals detrimental?
Title Choice: &quot;The Girl [Without/Who Didn&#39;t Have] A Soul&quot;
What are the advantages to setting a word limit for a short story?
Are online critique groups a good substitute for editors?
How should I use phrases such as &quot;uh huh&quot;?
Help write a book review, please
Has this dialogue enough suspense to engage the reader?
Is my essay on group learning clear and well-organized?
Write a resume objective that expresses my desire to hone and sharpen my skills
Does this sign-up email announcement sound friendly and conversational?
How to obtain a thoughtful critique of a job application cover letter?
Trying to indicate that the frequency is annoying
First conversation scenes I&#39;ve written (looking for errors, conventions, and improvements according to writting standards).
Personal Page - review request
Feedback on technical blog post
How to improve this introductory paragraph (to fit writting standards and grab the reader&#39;s attention)?
Can my paragraph use better adjectives and descriptions?
Asking for exam results
Which version of these three lines is more likely to attract the interest of the reader ? (character&#39;s viewpoint vs omnicient narrator)
Critique of short essay
Critical review of blog post
Please help me polish this paragraph.
How could this paragraph of writing be improved
&quot;...and the fire from the stove engulfed him&quot; or &quot;jumped on him&quot; or &quot;covered him&quot; or &quot;devoured him&quot; or what?
Is this sentence ambiguous?
What revisions for this draft would be more readable and/or more humorous?
Critique: Intro/Prologue to my Novel-in-Progress
The Prophet: Part 1, Awakening .. Question about being &quot;Too condensed&quot;
Does my first paragraph grab your attention?
How to plan dialog and keep it on track?
How to objectively judge the storytelling in a writing contest?
How do I use my blog as a platform for practice and improvement?
Different kinds of editors
The ethics of multiple contest submissions
How critical is selecting an imprint for a self-published book?
How to get feedback about the quality of one&#39;s fictional writing from friends unbiased by the friendship?
How do you find your unique style?
How does one break into the field of professional writing?
How do I write a believable romance subplot?
Why do hardcover books retail for more than three times the cost of softcover books?
Literary criticism term for character espousing author&#39;s ideas?
Source for literary terms?
Rhetoric vs Figure of Speech
How do limited edition book pre-orders work?
How much influence do authors have on their titles?
Creating a compelling story from a prebuilt world
What are some good methods for framing the theme of a writing contest?
Will 9/11 fiction get a writer into trouble with the US Government? 
Submitting a novel for publication: do editors still expect Courier font?
Do you need to get author&#39;s permission to quote him in a non-fiction book?
How to use &quot;I think, therefore I am&quot; in a more fluent manner?
Should I put colons with second-level titles?
APA Formatting - Changing Adjectives in a quote
When to use the character&#39;s name and when to use she/he?
how to cite CD-ROM resources (Turabian)
Will my readers feel like they are reading a children&#39;s storybook if there are illustrations in my novel?
When to use single quotes in narrative writing?
How Important are essay writing conventions in the university level and above?
Cite the article title (from a book or website) in the text
How to do literature review
What are the names of the different levels of English?
Is there a style / terminology guide for Android OS application documentation?
How can one write about illegal deeds without getting into trouble? 
Little did he know
Color Scheme for Print and eBook
Floating vs Float
What help is there for a technical reseacher/writer that can&#39;t edit?
Is there a name for this kind of sentence structure?
Citing speech and interviews in biographies
Indirect source quotations
A letter of recommendation
College Application Essay Opening and Help
How do you estimate the length of your screenplay in screentime?
Can I use my own previously published magazine article in my own book
How do you get into screenwriting?
What&#39;s the appropriate way to write numbers in educational contexts like papers?
What printing methods and quality can I expect of POD companies?
Publishing and selling ebooks
How best to handle revealing a main character&#39;s name midway through a long story in close-third person?
Best text procesor-- keyboard focussed UI
How can I make a story bigger?
Story for children without a happy ending
Avoiding &quot;and&quot; as a sentence structure
Petty Character
Can I write reference books about a fictional universe from an existing franchise?
How can I put something in book format without &quot;publishing&quot; it?
Need help to rephrase this sentence to prevent a run-on
How can I manage screen shots and other graphics for maintenance?
Writing for all ages?
How to write a book for a given reading level?
Deaf speechmarks?
How do I express opinion informed by my beliefs without being hamfisted?
Is self-publishing a good option?
Is the order of appendices according to their references fixed?
Does there have to be a difference when writing different genders?
Not knowing a character&#39;s name. Would this be frustrating for the reader?
Meretricious - A bit too fancy?
What tense to use in an academic paper when speaking about correspondence?
Describing a machine&#39;s world in a metaphorical manner
Should I prefer long or short sentences in scientific writing?
Pitfalls of writing a main character of different gender to the author, specifically first-person perspective?
How do you develop a strong female character?
The opposite sex in first person?
When do I need to obtain permission to photograph and write about a business, work of art, or person?
How does collaboration affect a publishing contract?
The &quot;Rules&quot; of Writing
Is there a special software for writers?
Do You Use Any Version Controlling Software/Methods As Writers?
What&#39;s the modern way to handle gender in tech writing?
How to overcome the fact that I can&#39;t write?
What are good places to post your work where it will be read by others?
Should you use two spaces after a period, or just a single one?
What are good reads about writing?
How to name the characters of your story?
How can I write an attention-grabbing first line?
I have written my first novel and I think it&#39;s ready. What next?
&quot;All of a sudden...&quot; ?
How to write a polite reminder email?
Do Writers Use LaTex/TeX for writing?
How do I recover my confidence after a harsh writing group?
How does one deal with world builder&#39;s syndrome?
Is there any good time-line software out there?
Explicitly correcting yourself while writing - how appropriate is it ?
How does the 10,000 hour rule apply to writing?
How can I catch more errors when I proofread?
When is it okay to tell?
Writing first programming book
Why do hardcover books retail for more than three times the cost of softcover books?
Self Editing tips/tricks
How do you avoid purple prose?
How does one write a character smarter than oneself?
How do I find an agent?
What are the first things I should do with an idea?
How Much Can You Make From Writing a Book?
Editors: Edit on first read, or read and edit on second round?
When should modifiers be avoided?
How can one make technical issues more accessible to a non-technical audience?
Do most novels not get published?
Is it worth switching to Dvorak?
Getting Inside Someone Else&#39;s Head
Decide on a theme/overarching meaning before writing a short story?
How do I construct a plot out of my many setting/character details?
Fan Fiction: a crutch or a good start?
Do I need to register my work to retain copyright?
Are there jobs that involve creative writing in the software industry?
Something different: Help me find the unnecessary words.
So I finished my novel. Now what do I do?
Best tool to create ebooks?
Killing the protagonist - should it be done?
What is a normal length for a chapter?
What are the most common style manuals?
Publishing for Kindle
Organizing your Universe?
How to make travel scenes interesting without adding needless plot diversions?
How can one effectively organize scenes and snippets?
How to deal with self-criticism?
Why does an author need an editor?
Which words should not be capitalized in Title Case?
Could I reach the level of good writing style as non-native language speaker?
Warning signs that a publisher may be shady?
Should I avoid modern words/phrases in fantasy writing?
How to describe the point-of-view character without using mirrors
Are complex sentences uncommon or unwanted in English?
What are some online guides for starting writers?
Writing discipline
How do you track random thoughts and ideas?
Any Technique to See if Your Idea is Original?
Where is a good place to find writing prompts?
How does a code monkey become a novelist?
Using the real world in writing
Resources about different people types?
Finding before/after examples where writing has been improved, to learn from
Dashes vs. Commas vs. parentheses?
Taking notes while reading
Tools for science-based world building?
What&#39;s the distinction between &quot;vanity publishing&quot; and &quot;self publishing&quot;?
Is it frustrating not to know the narrator&#39;s gender?
Should cliffhangers be used in every chapter?
How do authors incorporate languages they don&#39;t speak?
Pantsing a story?
How do I write a synopsis?
How much planning should go on before beginning writing?
When should one *not* present events in chronological order?
When editing for a person, how much can be changed?
Tips for expanding my vocabulary?
How do you make a character quintessential, but not cliched or cartoony?
What&#39;s Essential In A Combat Scene?
As a non-native English speaker, Is it better to get translated or get copyedited for long texts?
What makes writing emotional?
Signs of Bad Character Development
What methods can I use to revise my writing?
Is there any point in learning to write in cursive?
Can a book be written without an antagonist?
Is there a quick way to know I have created a Mary Sue?
What is a beat?
Best practices for maintaining documented code examples?
What is the difference between writing in the first and the third person?
Are Names of Characters Copyrighted by Authors?
Is there a rule of thumb about the number of pages a work of fiction should have?
How much swearing is TOO much? (And how much is not enough?)
Which techniques can I use to become a better editor when editing my own writing?
Keeping track of multiple plot lines
Submitting a novel for publication: do editors still expect Courier font?
What breaks suspension of disbelief?
Right usage of &quot;P.S.&quot; in Emails
The &quot;Rules&quot; of Writing
Is there a special software for writers?
Do You Use Any Version Controlling Software/Methods As Writers?
What&#39;s the modern way to handle gender in tech writing?
How to overcome the fact that I can&#39;t write?
What are good places to post your work where it will be read by others?
Should you use two spaces after a period, or just a single one?
What are good reads about writing?
How to name the characters of your story?
How can I write an attention-grabbing first line?
I have written my first novel and I think it&#39;s ready. What next?
&quot;All of a sudden...&quot; ?
How to write a polite reminder email?
Do Writers Use LaTex/TeX for writing?
How do I recover my confidence after a harsh writing group?
How does one deal with world builder&#39;s syndrome?
Is there any good time-line software out there?
Explicitly correcting yourself while writing - how appropriate is it ?
How does the 10,000 hour rule apply to writing?
How can I catch more errors when I proofread?
When is it okay to tell?
Writing first programming book
Why do hardcover books retail for more than three times the cost of softcover books?
Self Editing tips/tricks
How do you avoid purple prose?
How does one write a character smarter than oneself?
How do I find an agent?
What are the first things I should do with an idea?
How Much Can You Make From Writing a Book?
Editors: Edit on first read, or read and edit on second round?
When should modifiers be avoided?
How can one make technical issues more accessible to a non-technical audience?
Do most novels not get published?
Is it worth switching to Dvorak?
Getting Inside Someone Else&#39;s Head
Decide on a theme/overarching meaning before writing a short story?
How do I construct a plot out of my many setting/character details?
Fan Fiction: a crutch or a good start?
Do I need to register my work to retain copyright?
Are there jobs that involve creative writing in the software industry?
Something different: Help me find the unnecessary words.
So I finished my novel. Now what do I do?
Best tool to create ebooks?
Killing the protagonist - should it be done?
What is a normal length for a chapter?
What are the most common style manuals?
Publishing for Kindle
Organizing your Universe?
How to make travel scenes interesting without adding needless plot diversions?
How can one effectively organize scenes and snippets?
How to deal with self-criticism?
Why does an author need an editor?
Which words should not be capitalized in Title Case?
Could I reach the level of good writing style as non-native language speaker?
Warning signs that a publisher may be shady?
Should I avoid modern words/phrases in fantasy writing?
How to describe the point-of-view character without using mirrors
Are complex sentences uncommon or unwanted in English?
What are some online guides for starting writers?
Writing discipline
How do you track random thoughts and ideas?
Any Technique to See if Your Idea is Original?
Where is a good place to find writing prompts?
How does a code monkey become a novelist?
Using the real world in writing
Resources about different people types?
Finding before/after examples where writing has been improved, to learn from
Dashes vs. Commas vs. parentheses?
Taking notes while reading
Tools for science-based world building?
What&#39;s the distinction between &quot;vanity publishing&quot; and &quot;self publishing&quot;?
Is it frustrating not to know the narrator&#39;s gender?
Should cliffhangers be used in every chapter?
How do authors incorporate languages they don&#39;t speak?
Pantsing a story?
How do I write a synopsis?
How much planning should go on before beginning writing?
When should one *not* present events in chronological order?
When editing for a person, how much can be changed?
Tips for expanding my vocabulary?
How do you make a character quintessential, but not cliched or cartoony?
What&#39;s Essential In A Combat Scene?
As a non-native English speaker, Is it better to get translated or get copyedited for long texts?
What makes writing emotional?
Signs of Bad Character Development
What methods can I use to revise my writing?
Is there any point in learning to write in cursive?
Can a book be written without an antagonist?
Is there a quick way to know I have created a Mary Sue?
What is a beat?
Best practices for maintaining documented code examples?
What is the difference between writing in the first and the third person?
Are Names of Characters Copyrighted by Authors?
Is there a rule of thumb about the number of pages a work of fiction should have?
How much swearing is TOO much? (And how much is not enough?)
Which techniques can I use to become a better editor when editing my own writing?
Keeping track of multiple plot lines
Submitting a novel for publication: do editors still expect Courier font?
What breaks suspension of disbelief?
Right usage of &quot;P.S.&quot; in Emails
How can I make a story bigger?
I&#39;m getting tired of &quot;he said&quot; &quot;she said&quot; in dialogue; how do I get around it?
How can I effectively invent a language?
Techniques to disguise authorship of text
Are agents too busy for new clients? What should I do next?
Can a copyright be made in the name of a fictional writer?
How do I overcome a lack of motivation to write at home?
Are there any places to have community story development?
Best Way to Develop a Daily Writing Routine?
For Fantasy Stories, Should You Include a Map At the Beginning of the Book?
How to vary writing style?
When to accept an editor&#39;s rewrite request?
What does active voice mean?
What are some ingredients of really engaging non-fiction?
How should I introduce my characters?
How can a specific (current) event be made timeless?
What book review sites allow authors to send a copy of their books for reviews?
What&#39;s a good way to backup your writing?
How does one go about publishing erotica, and how far is too far?
How to avoid hearing &quot;that&#39;s me!&quot; from your friends when they read your characters?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of writing in first person?
Can I shop an unfinished novel?
What&#39;s a typical trilogy structure?
Will blogging my fiction limit its ability to be traditionally published later?
Is Scrivener involved in the editorial process, or is it strictly a writer&#39;s development tool?
Using today&#39;s moral compass in fantasy
Is it okay to call the reader&#39;s target audience stupid?
Problem: Scenes that are unavoidable, but boring
How to write a prophecy?
Can I, as a reader, submit a &quot;Bug Report&quot; for a novel?
Podcasts useful for improving writing skills
What helpful writing exercises do you use?
Resources for character development
Are there any good magazines about writing?
What are some ways to get to know your characters?
Is it so bad to end up with a &quot;done before&quot; plot?
What makes first person plural a tricky narrative voice?
Writers Communities?
What is flash fiction?
How do you come up with non-fiction story ideas?
Why are papers written in a two column format?
Tips for humor writing
Resources on plotting mystery stories
Checklist for making sure your writing is Atomic?
Help! I&#39;ve got Writer&#39;s Block
What exactly is an editor?
How do you make a story succeed in spite of an unsympathetic main character?
When publishing a Fantasy novel, do I look for a specific Fantasy-only publisher, editor, and/or agent?
Source ideas for monsters in a fantasy novel?
How do you avoid the problem of a collaborative work having separate voices?
How to get feedback about the quality of one&#39;s fictional writing from friends unbiased by the friendship?
How do you find your unique style?
Learning storywriting for videogames - where to start?
Should one use the legal &quot;shall&quot; in requirements documents and specification documents?
Can a self publishing author use a Pen name/Pseudonym?
What is the term for an accessible character that knows nothing?
Time measures in fantasy worlds
How to deal with common Earth references in a non-Earth setting?
Meeting with a respected publisher, what questions should I ask?
How do expert writers avoid using &quot;I&quot; when they have to refer to themselves in their article?
Are modern authors still using colons and semicolons in dialogue?
Lists of Suggested Magazines to Submit To
What techniques are used to plot long (multi-novel) story arcs?
Should I start writing on paper first or start directly on the computer?
Avoiding Deus Ex Machina resolutions?
Are &quot;morning pages&quot; useful?
How do you track submissions to publishers/markets?
Is touch typing skill important for being a good writer?
Writing for an Audio book. What are specifics?
Is discovery or outline writing connected to personality type (e.g. MBTI)
How do you map out your storyline?
What should be in a cover letter for short story submission to a magazine?
How much leeway can be expected from an editor regarding my preference for nonstandard punctuation?
Can I self-publish, and how much would it cost?
What are advantages/disadvantages to use a CC-license for your writings?
How long should it take to write 100k words?
When is a prologue useful?
Writing 19th century upperclass English dialog
How much should I describe things or persons, that are not important for the story?
Are already privately bound books a deterent for publishing houses?
Citation in AP style journalism
How do I better handle my nameless main character when trying to retain mystery?
How can I transition from academic writing to fiction writing?
Getting emotional while writing, good or bad?
Dialog, just what&#39;s the best way to write it?
Should you read your own genre?
Where should I start if I&#39;m feeling the urge to write something?
Why does using this &quot;-ing&quot; verb construction make my writing weaker?
What needs to be included in a corporate style guide?
Pitfalls of writing a main character of different gender to the author, specifically first-person perspective?
Technical Writing Software
Why do writers use pseudonyms?
Should I indent the first line of the first paragraph in a chapter?
How should I break up chapters in a novel?
Best e-book formatting process?
How to create space
I&#39;m not a great pantser; what kind of preparation do I need for NaNoWriMo?
Is there a good project management software for writers?
Confusing writing in order to show how character is falling asleep - is it OK?
Would a paid-for review from Kirkus give me real insight into quality of my manuscript?
What marketing techniques are effective for short story eBook collections?
How/When to create deliberately boring characters?
Notes Placement
How much influence do authors have on their titles?
How can I write anonymously (based on true experiences)?
Do publishers really need to translate between UK and US English?
When do I explain my created world scenario in a prologue vs. letting it unfold in the story?
What is Literary Fiction?
Where can subject matter experts volunteer to work on proofing the technical details in fiction?
Initial Writing Medium
What can one do to get the most from limited writing time?
Should I translate my own writings into a second language I also know well?
When should I avoid the passive voice?  When might I use it?
How do you vary dialogue within stories?
What are the usual methods for getting a daily word count?
Strategies for shortening texts
What are some regular contests unpublished short story authors might enter?
At what point does an author deal with an editor?
Where to find some good examples of combat or action scenes?
Where can I find sales numbers for books?
Where is a good place to find beta readers?
What&#39;s a good writing software for Android phones/tablets?
What&#39;s the benefit of using invented languages in-story?
Is it a good idea to write a summary of a plot before writing the full version?
Are there any good tablets out there for writing/editing?
Waiting for response to full MS
Why is &quot;It was a dark and stormy night..&quot; not a good opening?
Do authors get paid for quotes and attributions used on book covers?
Avoiding foot&amp;note disease
Do books have to be written in sequence?
What does Character development actually mean?
2nd Draft- Fix spelling/grammar or plot first?
Why do ebooks often mimic the layout of the printed page?
Citing parts of a thesis or dissertation using IEEE referencing
Other options for &quot;had had&quot;?
How to start a book off?
How can I keep up with my co-author&#39;s detail creation?
How does one avoid bland, generic fantasy while they write?
How do you build good per-book *and* global indexes?
What binding and paper should be used on a self-printed novel?
Self publishing: Do I still need to follow the arbitrary word count limits?
Writing a programming book: how to present directory structures
Where to find comparative information about publishers?
Striking the balance between dialogue and narrative
avoiding making all your characters sound the same
Should I remove scenes that I myself find &quot;boring&quot;?
Effective techniques for describing pain
Can Readers Relate to a Book without Humans?
Software for developing and organizing characters
How do I avoid tech/social errors in near-future fiction?
How ordinary must my protagonist be if the book is written from his/her point of view?
Writing different genres
What is the requirement for a book to be a NYT Bestseller?
Switching POV: Should it ever be done at all?
Story for children without a happy ending
What are the best authors to read if you want to get better at humor and comedy in writing?
How do you deal with procrastination when writing?
How much time do you spend writing one page on average?
How does one implement effective foreshadowing?
Good books on writing for comics?
What should I do to promote my books?
How can multiple viewpoints be used without breaking the flow of the story?
Will e-books prevent books from going out of print (and rights from reverting)?
How do you meet a writing quota?
What disciplines/habits are used to stay focussed on one novel over a long period of time?
What&#39;s the best way to show a foreign language in a manuscript?
Finding the &#39;voice&#39; of a character
Sympathetic portrayal of devout, rule-abiding characters
What is a good OCR program?
How do you avoid the problem of all the characters in your story sounding the same?
What are widely-used UK-English style guides?
How often do writers develop characters before plot, and why?
How little &quot;fantasy&quot; can be in a story and it still be recognizably fantasy?
Do you need to get author&#39;s permission to quote him in a non-fiction book?
What are the differences between narrative and descriptive writing?
What&#39;s the proper etiquette/format for updating a blog post?
Frailties, mistakes, and imperfections
Why shouldn&#39;t I use a pen name?
emacs for creative writing
Is publishing to Amazon Kindle-alternative eBook markets worth the time and effort?
Is it legal to write about trademarked material and use the terms?
How to handle taxes for a self-published book
Is being paid by the word/page making American books longer?
What effect on literature has the introduction of eBooks and eReaders had?
Sympathetic portrayal of an evil protagonist with good motivations
Ways for main character to influence world following their death
How to overcome the fact that I can&#39;t write long stories?
How to continue someone else&#39;s story gracefully, with fan-fiction?
Text Editors. Suggesting &amp; Tracking Changes to Plain-Text Documents
alternatives to &quot;he said&quot; in dialog
What&#39;s the best version control system for a book writer?
Writing Multiple Novels Simultaneously
Problems with posting work on the web for feedback
What are those &quot;countdown&quot; numbers on the copyright page?
How to write to accommodate subsequent automatic translation
Does self publishing via Amazon or similar services make your book ineligible for later acceptance by a publisher?
What is a good daily word count goal?
How to share the work, if writing fiction in a team?
How can I get started screenwriting/playwriting?
How much sex is allowed in a non-romance novel?
When is it a good time to move on to another project?
How to figure out if an agent is &quot;on the straight&quot; or &quot;shady&quot;?
Fictional diary for a novel
The polymath&#39;s dilemma...?
Creative Commons and writing on the web
Should freelance writers keep their online business separate from offline?
If you get an advance do you ever have to give it back?
Techniques for writing internal monologue
How should I go with hiring an illustrator for a webcomic?
What are the best online writing classes?
What are good writing newsletters to sign up for?
What are the tricks to avoid repetition in writing?
When should a chapter end?
How long can I expect to wait between accepting an offer and signing?
How does one go *back* to editing an older piece?
What exactly do I do to get published?
Does a technical writer need a technical background?
What are the structural differences between scripts for comics and scripts for films?
How do I avoid a “mid-story info dump?”
Little did he know
How many words/hour should you aim for when writing your first draft?
When *should* I use passive voice?
Royalties - how to calculate author&#39;s take from the end-price?
How do critics review an author&#39;s first and second and maybe third novel differently?
An alternative to saying &#39;users&#39; when describing features
How can I create my own deadline?
New digital ways of presenting a novel in 2011?
Will my readers feel like they are reading a children&#39;s storybook if there are illustrations in my novel?
how many books by new authors get published every year?
What style suggestions are common for which words are used in hyperlinks?
Conlang question
How can I strike a balance between setting and plot?
Is it really so &quot;impossible&quot; to get published by a traditional publisher?
What is the process for turning a story into a &quot;movie&quot; script?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of digital rights management for self-published authors?
How do I balance work with my love of writing?
How to determine rates to charge as a freelance writer
What to include in agreement with a Ghost Writer. . .
What&#39;s &quot;fair use&quot; for borrowing someone else&#39;s invented term?
How to juggle work and NaNoWriMo?
Is Academic Ghostwriting legal?
How to write realistic female dialogue
How to improve my skill at writing a question?
How do collaborating authors choose an agent?
What do publishers do for me?
How do I decide if writing expository scenes that won&#39;t be in my finished novel is useful, or procrastination?
Balancing loads of equally-important characters
What&#39;s the difference between academic and journalistic writing?
What exactly is &quot;Conceptual Writing?&quot;
Are online critique groups a good substitute for editors?
When writing on paper, how do you move things about?
How do you determine if a plot device is too coincidental?
Is it typical to add variation to the words used for a character&#39;s name to keep it spicy?
How can I learn how to outline, so I can write like an architect? 
Characters with no names
Must every piece of speech get its own paragraph?
Ways to improve your writing skills
What do you do if you enjoy writing, but have no ideas?
Avoid blending Fantasy and Sci Fi
What&#39;s with all the hate on adjectives and adverbs?
How do you make a character witty?
When is it acceptable to refer to an undefined group of people in academic writing?
Using a pen-name: possible legal issues
How to write a novel if you only have five minutes here, ten minutes there to work on it?
How do I make an ESL character sound realistic?
Is it better to describe the main character&#39;s physical appearance early on in the story?
Do I really need disclaimers?
Getting My Rights Back
An organization writes its acronym in lower-case - do I have to, too?
Jumping on the Zombie bandwagon
What determines genre?
How do I go about finding a writing group?
Using slang as a narrator - pros and cons
Are different styles/storylines prefered in different languages/cultures?
How can you submit your writings internationally?
When the second person *view* is not an uninvited guest?
A rhyming dictionary worth bookmarking online or purchasing?
Is there a standardized size for Books?
How to go about breaking up a looooong YA story?
What to do about readers reading into things?
Out of this world... Giving it time?
What makes a great writer&#39;s space?
What should step one in writing a novel be?
Is this character generator useful?
What&#39;s a normal word count for a children&#39;s novel or collection?
Should DOIs ever be preferred to ISBNs?
What are the advantages of incorporation for a writer?
What are the benefits of being a slush reader?
What tools do you use for your writing journal?
Are composite characters in creative non-fiction okay?
A Polish manual of style.
How to handle foreign military ranks?
How do evil protagonists win the reader over in dark fantasy stories?
How common *are* happy endings?
Are there any techniques that make complexity work?
How does one go about successfully getting their movie script, or screen play, into the right hands?
How difficult is it to break into screenwriting?
How should dialog be formatted?
Good Outlining Solutions For OSX?
Hardware-based Word Processor
What are the key skills for a new technical writer?
I&#39;m an editor who generally uses Word to communicate changes with my authors. Is Adobe&#39;s InCopy better for this task?
Software for analyzing a manuscript?
What is a good methodology for researching a historical novel?
Avoiding cultural differences
How many pages would my manuscript be in paperback?
When should I use punctuation with bullets?
What&#39;s the best practice for displaying a personal website url in a resume?
Potential confusion: referring to home planet as &quot;Earth&quot;
Our note in footnote of a book
How do I find an affordable editor?
How do I avoid legal repercussions for writing a story based on events in my life?
Is Postscript still useful in the age of email?
World Building critique: Building an SF society off a tangent of &quot;Adaptation&quot;
Do you have to be good at grammar to get published?
Writing about drug induced hallucinations and paranoia
Use of past vs. present tense in works of fiction
How can I create drama in a story that is mostly political and procedural?
Link shorteners for research paper citations?
An engineering student wants to write fiction, where to start?
Should I start work on a sequel before I have sold my book?
When should one use a section sign (&#167;)?
How much agent contact should I expect?
How can I break up a lengthy explanation?
What to do if I can&#39;t meet my chapter word count?
How do I successfully structure a long fiction piece?
What is a discovery writer?
What to do with my odd-length work?
Am I too prepared to do NaNoWriMo?
What to do when characters disagree with the plot?
Using poetry in novels a good option?
How does one include sign language in a dialogue?
How does one present spoken dialogue as a secondary language to signed speech?
How can I edit my own, very old work?
Will science fiction as a genre ever go the way of the western?
How far into a speculative novel should one go before introducing the central conflict?
How do you track dependencies for your co-authors?
Kindle self-publishing, automatically update
Should my readers be able to identify with the bad guy?
How do I write a believable romance subplot?
In writing a cover letter accompanying a submission to a literary journal, is listing publications in less well-regarded journals detrimental?
How can I convey that my viewpoint character is lying?
What is the proper way to add Creative Commons licensing information to a book?
My cool character is doing nothing for the plot. How do I deal with him?
How can I deal with an overload of writing projects?
Tools for exploring and analysing document structure?
Who is responsible for copyrighted materials (publisher or writer)?
Spiritual elements in a science-fiction novel
How do I quote a graphic novel?
Are music lyrics copyrighted?
Inventing names for Sci-Fi characters
Switching from past to present tense?
how should a writer use version control to track drafts, rewrites, and revisions?
Writing from the middle
How to tell or retell basic character and setting information in a series?
Overuse of bullet points
In end user documentation, should screenshots come before or after the text that references them?
Demo data in screenshots! What are the best practice?
What are First Drafts, Second Drafts, etc.?
Good idea to describe the heist place before the heist begins?
Can I use parenthesis in a conversation
Do publishers use LaTeX to produce books for the blind?
I&#39;m afraid of [accidental] plagiarism
How to show that something is different than in real life?
Good tools for writing (game) manuals and sourcebooks
Good Examples of and Practices in Code Documentation
Needing to Believe the Story Is Real
How can I turn my short story into a novel?
How can I ensure my POV character&#39;s writing isn&#39;t too sophisticated?
How to stay motivated while rewriting?
What does being &quot;heavy handed&quot; mean? And how does one avoid it?
Third-person objective in action scene
What are good criteria to consider when looking to enroll in an MFA program?
How deeply should I study the background of a community before writing about it?
How do I get involved in writing for video games?
Is there a Market for Poetry with a Fixed Verse Form
What linguistic tools do you use?
How not to overuse ellipsis?
Would it be plagiarism if you use a changed scene?
Expositing a lack of racial difference
How to identify a scene type?
Is there any hope of a fictional short story being published?
What are some examples of modern original plots?
Best humorous exaggerated comparisons
How many liberties can one take with syntax and grammar rules when writing poetry?
What is the key reference documentation and how should I cite BASH?
Publishing and selling ebooks
Journal subscription secrecy
Formatting for stage, television, and the silver screen
Correct spelling errors while writing or after you&#39;ve finished?
Who pays for lyrics or quotes?
Does my first paragraph grab your attention?
What is the preferred way to type out ellipses?
How to write great movie review?
Verbosity: when&#39;s enough enough?
How do I find a suitable copywriter?
Quality of my blog writing
What is the most cost effective way for me to get my book printed?
Critique: Intro/Prologue to my Novel-in-Progress
Are there good tips on being a better *creative* writer?
Is the iPad a convenient medium for writing work?
How To Avoid Using Cliches In Storylines?
Unquestionable Taboos and Self-censorship
Which free licence to choose for my book (manual)?
Do fullscreen writing environments help for writing? Why?
Does giving away free stories boost sales?
What&#39;s the indent rule of poetry?
What to do if I end up confused by my own plot because of &#39;trying to be original&#39; or &#39;trying to make the story more deep&#39;?
How to emphasize a quote is written, not spoken?
&quot;multiple personalities&quot; for character development in writing?
Common words to avoid when writing formally
How to practice location descriptions
What&#39;s a clear way to simulate web text in a story?
Has this dialogue enough suspense to engage the reader?
Can I ePublish my out-of-print history book?
How to attract the average reader to an &quot;intellectual&quot; novel?
Preventing genre-savvy second-guessing in murder mysteries
How Do you Stave Off Boredom While Writing?
How to cite an entire paragraph?
Example of a fictional story without any characters (the story being 1000+ words)
Is it safe to create a wiki for a book (or something featured in it) before the book is published?
About using authentic historical name for teenager material
Is it wise to publish a novel as an e-book, and how would I do it?
What&#39;s a good resource to find Beta Readers for  short stories?
2nd draft- rewrite from scratch?
Pros and Cons of different styles of publishing
Is it plausible to get a contract with an US/UK publisher as a foreigner?
All persons fictitious disclaimer — ideas regarding modification?
Does this FAQ accurately convey the mission of DIY.SE?
How to give the readers breathing space, without putting them to sleep?
The importance of monitor size/distance for writing productivity?
Should I care if my short story has the same title as someone else&#39;s book?
Dialogue writing practices?
Can I write my sub stories separately?
Is it OK to refer to some characters by first name and to others by last name?
Write multiple trilogies or make a saga?
Do any ePublishing systems honor fixed poetry formatting?
The opposite sex in first person?
What are the challenges of converting blog content to a publishable work?
Spaceships - It or She?
What rights are OK to give up for publishing?
Front-matter or back-matter?
How to develop a story for a novel?
Converting ms-word to ebook vs. writing from scratch?
Citing Myself As a Source
What should be put on scene notecards? (for novel writing)
&quot;Lacking meat&quot;, &quot;Content-free&quot;, and poor defense-development. Please critique my work
How do I cleanly show the passage of time, with multiple, varying time scales? 
Rhetoric vs Figure of Speech
How to work with in-text markup for figures and captions in Scrivener?
First-time meeting with publisher &amp; editors (What to expect)
Is going &#39;off-topic&#39; a sign of bad dialogue?
What&#39;s the significance of ancient mythology in literature?
How do I escape my own experience?
How much power does the author have over an original work?
Is the first draft of a novel usually shorter than the finished work?
How to avoid repetitive sentence structure?
A cross-[What] kind of romance?
Learning storywriting for videogames - Handling deep nonlinearities
Is it a bad practice to occasionally add first-person narrative to third-person narrative?
How many commas is too many?
Very simple markup language for writing fiction
Killing off a character: deciding if, when and how
Getting details of a past century right
How are multilingual scenes handled when the story&#39;s main language is translated into that of its minor one?
How should I introduce new and complex technologies or tools?
1st person story, but the main character will die in the end and some of the story needs to be told after his death. How to solve this problem?
When quoting a person&#39;s informal speech, how much liberty do you have to make changes to what they say?
First Chapter for Free?
How long does it take to write a 1000-word news article?
Techniques to write for a wider audience
Can Anybody Write an &quot;Unauthorized&quot; Guide?
What factors in fiction arouse readers&#39; expectations?
Swearing - Censor, allude, or include?
Plot devices for the climax of an adventure story
Is it permissible to write a short story with little or no dialogue?
As an new author, how important is to have a personal website?
Variation in humor among ethnic/cultural groups
Can I plug a loophole in my magic rules without rewriting the whole novel?
Copyright - Can I go to any other publisher?
How to start a technical book?
What is the standard editorial timeline for genre fiction novels?
How do I write a letter to a publisher?
Why do writers use &quot;said&quot; instead of &quot;asked&quot; when someone asks a question?
How should I capitalise headlines for professional Web writing? (Sentence case vs title case)
What is the purpose of version control?
Must protagonists be flawed for satisfying character evolution?
What does &quot;OFF&quot; mean in a script?
Pros and cons of using real brand/company names?
Is it okay to end a novel with a cliffhanger?
Should I write Internet slang as it is spoken or as it is written?
Cheapest way to self-bind a large book
Which social media platforms should writers use to build a readership?
Will using real-world cultural vocabulary in a fantasy setting disengage readers?
Is it legal to share an index you made from someone else&#39;s book?
Many quotations of a black British novel which used creolized English language. When to use sic?
What&#39;s the difference between purple prose and vividly descriptive writing?
Show Don&#39;t Tell when Recounting Events
How much is considered plagiarism?
Writing techniques or exercises to improve ability to show rather than tell?
How to stay motivated while writing a story, after the initial burst of enthusiasm?
How can I have my characters do bad things, without sending the wrong message?
Shared worlds: are there any good collaborative sites out there?
When and how often edit the style and content of a story?
Books about English writings
How to switch pov characters mid-scene without jarring the reader?
Are there some good books about scriptwriting to study?
Character Development - How much is too much?
Is there a resource where I could find myself a checker and critic, or check somebodies else text to exercise?
Tools for generating characters&#39; names
What are some good instruction manuals for writing short stories?
What are the most appropriate types of degrees (or kinds of schooling) that a would-be successful writer should aim to obtain?
Can someone explain set pieces?
Do you always revise your stories or do you sometimes move on?
Using a world created by someone else for your own fiction
Examples for books that don&#39;t use (traditional) chapters?
What is the proper way to write time in a manuscript?
Do online writing classes really help?
Character details of male archetypes
Where can I find a good vocabulary list?
What are common attributes of the Steampunk genre?
Other than find a publisher for your work, what do agents do?
Simple way/techniques of arranging all the ideas and scenes in a plot?
Is there a legitimate step by step guide to getting your book published?
Guideline on turning points in a novel?
How explicit should a YA novel be?
What is the most effective way to deal with flashbacks in a novel structure ?
How to obtain a thoughtful critique of a job application cover letter?
Do you use a pop-up dictionary/thesaurus on Windows? What are your criteria?
What are tips / techniques to manage the consistency of a plot encompassing several subplots ?
In what order should I describe a setting?
Should the Voice of the Author change with the Point-Of-View Character in a Non-Literary Fiction?
Which goes first: summary, background or justification?
Is an overview clearer when outlined with bullet points, or when written in paragraphs?
Is there a good textbook for understanding literary techniques?
Vision/dream as an effective opening?
Mixing topics in a blog
Shots in a spec script?
Publishing a Children&#39;s Picture book -- Question about an App and a Printed version
The Protagonist and the &#39;Mid Point&#39; of a Screenplay
Breaking Into Technical Writing - Where to Start (from a programming background)
Querying for a setting-heavy speculative fiction novel
How do you develop a strong female character?
Best time to release a new novel?
Finding words through meanings
Is it always ok to use the verb &quot;to say&quot; after a question?
How do I keep the plot interesting in a humorous book?
Has anyone tried &quot;pair writing&quot; before and been published?
Book recommendations for writing better technical papers
What is this writing standard called,  and where can I look up the exact details?
Help with Impersonal Past Tense
How do I start editing my novel?
Is concurrent first person / third person usage absolutely unacceptable?
First person with co-authors?
Italicize part of a word in fiction?
Less universe-specific synonyms for &quot;squib&quot;?
How can I work more efficiently when writing multiple pieces of fiction at the same time?
Any documentaries or other inspirational movies about creative writing?
How can I accurately represent young adult dialogue?
Can a book be published by more than one publisher?
How do co-authors&#39; rights to a manuscript work?
I want to explore the psychology of a ruthless, macho killer. What mistakes should I avoid?
How can I find short-story spinoffs for my fantasy epic?
Are there  online research resources that cater to writers? 
Should I prefer long or short sentences in scientific writing?
Problems with constructing a complex sentence with many ideas in it
What qualities should a good metaphor have?
Is it more advantageous to have an excerpt or a plot summary critiqued?
How important is it to know the end before the writing the beginning?
How do I determine if a paper has been plagiarized?
Should a long flashback be written in first or third person?
How can I get book my non-fiction book reviewed by professional reviewers?
Coming up with names for species in fiction?
If I&#39;m going to hire a copyeditor, do I need to do any proofing myself?
Publishing a translation
Should I be using commas to suggest/enforce cadence?
What can an agent do for me if I only write short stories?
What permissions do I need to write a non-fiction book based on personal interviews?
What is &quot;head popping&quot; and why is it bad?
Is there some guideline that I can point to about the overuse of bold and underline?
As a freelance writer, should I charge more for inconvenient time worked?
ISBN - is it possible to have one and a title before publishing?
Problems with character development?
Is it ok to be autobiographical with a main character?
What exactly is wrong with &#39;It was a dark and stormy night&#39;?
How many errors per page volume is typically &quot;okay&quot; in a book?
Non-cheap ways to make villains evil?
Peeking through character&#39;s mask
How can I keep my characters&#39; identities a mystery successfully?
My Ex husband&#39;s wife self published a non fiction book naming my kids in the story
Should dull dialogue be removed completely?
Tracing dependencies and emergent plotholes during edits
How to have a character be nameless for the first few paragraphs of a book?
Does this riddle abuse language to make it fit into verse?
How can one plan elaborate crimes for fiction without getting into trouble?
How can I convey dates (with ordering) for events happening under different dating systems, e.g. a Sci-Fi story spread over the galaxy?
How can I translate my poems in English that it doesn&#39;t sound odd/non poetic for English speaker audiences?
Tips for writing sentences like a native speaker
How to avoid specifying the gender in English when the original text does not specify it?
Steven Johnson&#39;s DevonThink writing workflow: is creating &amp; accumulating 50-500 word snippets worth the effort?
Iambic pentameter: how do you use words with &#39;secondary stressed&#39; syllables?
Best Practices To Learn By Reading?
What is the proper format/style for using and properly citing code in an APA paper?
How to format dialogue with an embedded long monologue
Should I include my email address in an ebook?
Why can&#39;t I write something longer than a few pages?
Shared world contract
Variation in paragraph length
Do people read short stories?
Attributing quotes to fictional characters
How can I dig conflict out of an optimistic SF-nal premise?
I want to write a Choose Your Own Adventure styled e-book, what&#39;s a good approach?
Characters with non-standard names
Tips to identify &quot;noise&quot; or &quot;clutter&quot; in your story
Should blog posts be reformatted to past tense after an event?
Research about science fiction readers?
From Markdown to .odt and vice-versa: a possible distraction-free writing workflow?
Is there enough money in writing for me to quit my dead end job?
How should I organize my journal as plain-text files?
Is it possible to write a novel completely devoid of dialogue?
Standards for representing user interaction
Assessing what writing skills are missing
What steps to follow in thinking through the writing of a conclusion?
Is it acceptable to use many footnotes to share additional ideas?
Is my serial-killer novel horror or crime?
Can we enable readers to connect to far future humanity, without pretending they wouldn’t be different?
Using capital letters for shouting
How explicit can violence and sex be in a YA novel?
Using LaTeX with publishers?
Where to draw the line between being descriptive and getting on with the story?
How to display URLs in a textbook?
Should I translate foreign names of companies, organisations, political parties etc?
Using &quot;he/she&quot; instead of &quot;it&quot; for animals
Published on blog but taken down: Still remains previously-published?
Legal effect of standard fiction disclaimer
How to introduce a world that&#39;s alien to the reader
How to distill a plot into a logline?
Best Tool to Create User Guides
Getting short fiction published
How to show characters learning something in a non-boring way?
Sluglines for same location but different periods, real and imagined
Is there a standard for what should be included in an index?
How could a criminal forget a crime?
Defining a Prologue
Should a beginning writer start with a series or a stand-alone?
Is it bad to include subplots that don&#39;t push the story forward?
Can I be a good writer without reading a lot?
Every idea for a story I come up with seems excessively long
Why do heroes need to have a physical mark?
Use of punctuation within quotes with single words or letters
May I use real weapon names in my book without copyright problems?
Originality of Writing
How do sci-fi stories hold up if their premise or details become discredited?
Structuring a novel like a television or graphic novel series
Should I create my own ConLang for my story?
Least distracting method of citing in a book?
How to engage a child audience when my characters have no language?
How to keep the reader engaged throughout the novel?
Where is the best place to &quot;twist&quot; a series?
What books should I read before writing a non-humanoid point of view story?
Do Novels follow a 3 Act/2 Plot Point structure like most Movie Scripts?
How long can a writer expect to write before publishing his/her first novel?
Techniques for lengthening or merging chapters
Breaking into journalism without a degree
Should I translate myself my writings into english to get a bigger audience?
What techniques are used to create non-linear stories?
When parodying a song, how important is it to replace words with homophones thereof?
How many queries do you send to editors a week?
Byronic Hero characters
What are some popular blogs that accept submissions?
How do I find good interview subjects?
What are some appropriate uses of readability tests?
Rules and resources for scientific writing
Do episodes of the show House follow a constant structural pattern?
Should one blog in a few languages?
Writing a math exercise book
Different kinds of editors
How to make a letter interesting?
Techniques for minimizing redundancy in a document, paragraph or sentence?
Is Mac OSX Lion&#39;s Revision Control System useable by writers?
How can you build an interactive tone into articles?
Could anyone point me in the direction of some resources on conversational writing
Pros ans cons of writing a plot based on the present and past tense (character&#39;s point of view)?
Meretricious - A bit too fancy?
Is the idea of single-sourced documentation dead?
When is it acceptable to use the first person (&quot;I&quot;, &quot;we&quot;) in technical reports?
requesting a review/critique of an outro narrative
Where can I find paying markets for flash fiction?
What makes a good action scene?
What is the Priority in an Action/Adventure Novel: Dialogues or Conflict?
What&#39;s the proper way of formatting writing from a character in a novel?
How to refer to character of focus in a story
What can I earn as a technical writer or technical editor?
How to avoid getting confused while adding symbols within symbols (novel writing)?
Is a novel less credible if the dialogues are too perfect?
Does this feel like natural English?
What&#39;s a good title to a presentations&#39; table of contents?
plagiarism vs. reference?
Is there an accepted format for comedy sketch writing?
What are some strategies for developing basic writing skills? Beginning Writing (again)
Least possible editing effort if a text is for multiple media?
Writing about extreme trauma
Is it easy to change genre?
How Much Exposition is Too Much Exposition
How do you come up with a fictional character name in a historical era/region?
No English degree, what are my chances on successfully publishing a novel?
What makes for interesting travel writing/blogging?
Audio version of copyrighted written material
How do you reference pop culture in a dialogue without proper attribution?
Referring to oneself in first vs. third person in online profiles
Correct order for Thesis Front Matter
Front Matter in a Work in Two Volumes
What is the proper way to write a date containing two days in a row?
How important is scenery when you are writing?
Any suggestions to improve these three introductory paragraphs of a novel I&#39;m writing (e.g. writing style, description and flow)?
Tense of Literary Essay
Why do authors usually put a reference section at the end of a book when they are not referenced throughout the entire book?
On copyright laws and plots
How do you introduce terms?
Bogged Down with Legends of Wind
Incorporating Military Experience into Fantasy Writing?
Any experience with Serenity Editor software?
What&#39;s the most marketable title?
Good examples of fear/terror inducing techniques used with enemies
How do I qualify as a sub-editor?
Motivation Reaction Units?
How do I round out a powerful character?
Are fantasy books expected to be trilogies?
How does copyright apply to illustrations and cover art?
What is the recomended word-count for a fantasy-fiction book?
Should The Secret Antagonist have dual goals set in the ending of Act I of a 3-Act-Structured Mystery?
Should a novella have chapters?
How do I re-interest myself in a plot I am working on?
Logical conclusions of deduction
What is the name of the genre of stories with multiple realities?
Portraying life in a current milieu for science fiction that wants to be timeless
Dedicated micro website
Why would an author not agree to license his book to a foreign language?
Interesting and easier-to-read alternatives to the scientific academic article
Is emphasizing a point by underlining still appropriate?
How to create varying, yet realistic, speech patterns
Does reading books help writing skills?
How to summarize prolonged plot
How to write about things which depend on each other
What content parts should a technical (IT) CV have?
ISBN - does it uniquely identify book dimension?
How can I make description more natural to me?
How does collaboration affect a publishing contract?
What exercises will help me write my co-author&#39;s character?
Do I need to know anything to write a short story that I wouldn&#39;t know by studying how to write novels?
What are the advantages to setting a word limit for a short story?
How to concentrate when writing?
Could a different structure for &quot;Feast of Crows&quot; have been a better solution to Martin&#39;s five-year-gap?
Slow openings: What is it about this Neil Gaiman opening that pulls the reader in?
Explaining that experience is far greater than official job title implies
When do I need to obtain permission to photograph and write about a business, work of art, or person?
How can a new writer make a realistic estimate of his work rate?
Deaf speechmarks?
What printing methods and quality can I expect of POD companies?
Is there a name for this kind of sentence structure?
How to convert DOI to citation information
How can one write about illegal deeds without getting into trouble? 
Is it overkill to follow style-guides for technical writing?
How to do literature review
Referencing figure in text - capitalize the word &quot;Figure&quot; or not? Why? 
Creating a compelling story from a prebuilt world
How do I organize a massive collection of personal files and writing? 
How can I search for words by meaning/definition?
How do limited edition book pre-orders work?
The ethics of multiple contest submissions
How should I use phrases such as &quot;uh huh&quot;?
How to plan dialog and keep it on track?
How to handle screenplay revisions in Final Draft?
How can you write less to say more?
What are the legal implications and best practices for publishing screenshots of web sites in a book?
How to leverage social proof?
Why are license agreements, disclaiming letters and others written with capital letters?
Website to know about books something similar to IMDB for movies?
Some doubts on the use of Italicized words
Should my story&#39;s main obstacle be secret or common knowledge to the society?
What permissions do I need for nonfiction travelogue?
Is it appropriate to credit someone with a quote if I am not absolutely sure they are the source?
Is there a technique to help me write this character&#39;s notebook entries?
Breaking the &#39;cooling down&#39; rule after finishing the first draft
Is it really necessary to add things like &quot;I thought, I wondered, etc,&quot; in first-person narrative?
Avoiding unintended rudeness or accusatory tones in reminder emails
Are there any metrical dictionaries?
Guidelines of reviewing journal manuscripts
Scrivener project statistics is showing an incorrect word count
Converting the MIT License into a limerick
Deciding the setting: real or invented?
How long is a single-title romance novel supposed to be?
&quot;I have/am&quot; what are other short ways to not repeat this in a cover letter?
Adding Detail/&quot;Filling&quot; the story
How much should I reveal of how the world functions in fiction?
Does this opening paragraph grab your attention? (very normal setting)
Believable (but easy) archaic English
Effective ways to enrich your active vocabulary?
How can I help a writing-phobic but competent student develop their writing?
Researching sensitive subjects
How do authors gain strong familiarity with archaic and extremely rare words?
Do the characters in the following dialogue sound the same?
Software for collaborative writing for a small team
How to quote from a foreign journal that has not been translated?
What are some disadvantages of writing fiction in a diary format?
Writing about a subject on which you have no expertise?
It is a sign of bad writing to have many scenes that are disconnected with the main plot?
Do script readers start at the beginning?
Does using version control system make backups unnecessary?
Is there any standardized definition of a &quot;Mary Sue&quot;?
How to get a programming book published
How to use parentheses
What is the correct way to write a fractional number in a formal letter?
How can I improve my analytical writing for a standardized test?
How to advertise a free e-book?
How do I create a book on iBookstore without having a Mac?
Background speech with foreground dialogue
How to come up with a good title?
Placing similes at the beginning and at the end of a sentence
Do empty pages need a number?
think, I think, I don&#39;t think
Basing fiction on personal life
Ebook publishing
Can a title be copyrighted?
Is it better to make clear immediately in which country/continent the story is taking place?
What paragraph style should I use for an e-book?
How to write for cartoons?
How to tell if a fiction workshopping site protects my rights?
story driven by event rhythm
Permission requirements from people in my memoir
Using pronouns properly in order to avoid confusion and repetition
Affordable way to translate sentences?
What&#39;s a minimum recommendable word-count to generate sales in Amazon Direct Publishing (ADP)?
Expectation of privacy using a pseudonym?
How detailed should I be when writing a character bio?
Changing the way one addresses a character in a dialogue to create variation
Is it unusual to use product placement within a fictional novel, and what are the legalities around this?
Overusing &quot;the&quot; and &quot;I&quot;
Outlining for white papers
Do publishers take the time to look at works from writers who have no qualifications or experience in the industry?
Pricing your Kindle ebooks at Amazon
How to make a debate/discussion between characters less dry?
For Sci-Fi books, what is the purchasing split between regular and ebooks?
Mixing dialogue and action tags
How can I prevent, or work around, unfortunate hyphenation in critical words?
Publishing an illustrated book- Self-Publishing or Corporate Publishing?
What are the pros and cons of building the setting before the characters and story
Outlining Structures for Romance Novels
Using P.S. in a formal email
How long on average does a major house &#39;consider&#39; a book before rejecting or accepting it
Am I breaking the &quot;show don&#39;t tell&quot; rule in the following passage?
What are the stages of The Guardian&#39;s Journey?
Best way to convey an immediate change of scenery
How can I write a tragedy for children?
Method for handling non-canonical fantasy fiction
Referencing, but not using, trademarked characters
Using LaTex medium to enhance writing
Is it legal to name a character in a story after a disguised trademark?
What information should I provide when submitting a translated, previously-published story?
What editing can I expect for a translation of a previously-published story?
Will my readers find it hard to care/identify with a character who seems to lack human emotions?
Formal video-based creative writing courses
Does this entice the reader to continue?
How do screenwriters earn money, if none of their scripts get turned into movies?
Does this opening somewhat grip the reader?
Can I write same scene from 2 viewpoints?
Script Writing as it pertains to TV and Radio lines
Do screenwriters freewrite/outline directly in script mode?
Good screenwriting-specific collaboration software
What is a good tool for organizing story notes?
Shouting in a question
How can I write better code-based reference documentation for programming interfaces?
How to &quot;defy&quot; physics on a sci-fi?
Twist in kishōtenketsu vs. twist in Western plots
Alternative word for &quot;she&quot;
How to cite the C# Language Specification Version 5.0
Are there more character alignment grids (like D&amp;D)
What concrete steps do you take to write for a specific reading level?
Methods for writing from an alternate gender/age/cultural viewpoint?
RDF vocabularly for storytelling
Choosing between your Mother Tongue and other language
Is Jaime Lannister a &quot;telling not showing&quot; example?
Can novels have twist endings?
How should changing the point of view be handled?
Handling an Inauthentic Character
How do I cover a lengthy time period with only a few interesting details?
How should I document a database schema?
&quot;ing&quot; words in technical translations from Japanese to English
What&#39;s the ideal usage for italics for names?
How can I add emphasis in an internal dialogue, given that I am already using italics for character thoughts?
When mentioning two items in a sentence, should I specify which one I&#39;m referring to in the next one?
Are newlines effective for adding weight to certain phrases?
How to write realistic injury scenes?
How to write good erotic scene?
Stories based on news: are they allowed?
How do I show that two days has passed in a short story?
What&#39;s the meaning of the running numbers in left margin of a movie script online?
How to indicate that a single letter was removed from a quotation
How to correctly identify publisher?
&quot;Thought&quot; Verbs: A sign of weak writing or a stylistic choice?
How to write a character who uses a lot of smalltalk without boring the reader?
using ideas posted on social media: is it ok?
My story moves too fast
Clear steps for developing a powerful inner conflict
Any helpful tips on how to, better use description in my writing?
Using a foreign language that uses a different written alphabet
How do I involve my audience with my story?
Is there an accepted (or &#39;correct&#39;) way to write translations/subtitles for different materials (videos, articles, books, etc)?
Works of literature that are (ostensibly) about the act of writing
Different Points of View
Where and how to look for a picture for illustration?
Pros and cons of using perspectives?
Good sites for descriptions/rules of different genres?
What are some helpful blogs for memoir writing?
What genre is a book in an imaginary world but no other fantasy element?
How would a source be referenced in the typical paper/book?
How to sell novel excerpts as short stories
How do you write a fiction or non-fiction query letter to an editor?
Short Story first or skip to Screenplay
Magazines/Websites Similar To The New Yorker?
Is where I live going to have a positive/negative effect on getting a novel published?
Strunk and White vs &quot;Style: The Basics of Clarity and Grace&quot; by Williams and Colomb
How important is typing speed to a successful writing career?
Best markup language for a little story?
Using uncommon abbreviations
What revisions for this draft would be more readable and/or more humorous?
Referencing a website using Harvard style
Analogies, pitfalls and guidelines
ePublishing Conference Proceedings
How should I approach possibly unfamiliar pop culture in fiction?
Feedback on technical blog post
Can my paragraph use better adjectives and descriptions?
How to achieve a dark and nostalgic feeling/setting in a novel?
Simplicity is fundamental in design. How about in writing a novel?
How many writers use fountain pens/dip pens today?
What are effective ways of working with a nonfiction editor?
Trying to indicate that the frequency is annoying
Books to improve writing skills
Third person POV
How could I share my lyrics?
What are some ways to denote presentation style outside of written text.
Help write a book review, please
How to explain something mid sentence
Online technical writing classes
Is it a Good or Bad thing to use &#39;I&#39; Regularly in Magazine Articles?
How do you make your characters likable?
How can one get better at copywriting?
Designing a book
Is it worth spending money on a subsidy publisher?
Writing character cards?
Style of writing as told from the point of view of the main character
Do Fantasy novels have less readership than a Realistic Fiction novel?
How can I improve this description which includes actions?
Defining Terms: To Capitalize or Not To Capitalize?
Punctuation-Quote or Quote-Punctuation?
Is it good style to use latin phrases in english scientific literature?
Does this paragraph make you want to keep reading?
Is it acceptable to mix how you address the reader in an instructional Wiki?
Length of non-fiction article and what to do about it
Multiple MLA inline citation question
Write to the finish, or edit as you go?
Tips for adding more personality to characters?
Citing speech and interviews in biographies
Finding freelance work
How often to cite sources?
The best publishing platform for a business &quot;vanity&quot; book?
If in real life the antagonist is often oneself, shouldn&#39;t it work in a full length novel?
Do traditional publishers ever make use of &quot;print on demand&quot; (POD)?
What is the new Google Author markup?
Proper attribution of copyrighted lyrics in a story
Single character POV vs. two POVs - how to decide?
What are useful resources for a beginner whose eventual goal is to write a novel?
How do you decide whether to dictate, type out or hand-write a piece of writing?
Which traditional presses publish poetry?
Is this excerpt&#39;s style too matter-of-fact?
Should a flashback be in past tense or past perfect?
Paragraph flow, verb inversion and last sentence tone
Help Formatting for Kindle Direct Publishing on Mac?
I have too much dialogue, how do I add more description?
Unpunctuation: bug or feature?
Writing a Lullaby
Use of present-tense for memory-related shenanigans in a past-tense story
Fiction writing book recommendation for a 10-year old
State of the art proof reading tools/methods
citation for source from which a list of references was drawn?
How to explain a war scene?
I suck at plots. Is there a way to sort of train oneself to think of creative plots, specifically in scifi?
What software can handle both revision control and layout?
Adding more characters as the story moves forwards
Best text procesor-- keyboard focussed UI
How do I create a book cover for my self-published book for under $500?
Preventing the symbolic conflict of &quot;Hunger Games&quot; from overshadowing widespread social plight
A friendlier way to write charges or fees to clients?
How do I balance reading time with writing time?
How can I learn to write by hand again?
How would I find a publisher who is accepting unsolicited manuscripts from authors?
What methods does Rowling use to establish Dumbledore as being wise and trustworthy?
What tense to use in an academic paper when speaking about correspondence?
Habits and routines for my first tech writing job
Is there a style / terminology guide for Android OS application documentation?
How can I make a collection of essays / arguments more attractive to publishers? 
Need help to rephrase this sentence to prevent a run-on
Can I write reference books about a fictional universe from an existing franchise?
What&#39;s the appropriate way to write numbers in educational contexts like papers?
Where to find authors for highly technical articles?
Floating vs Float
What is the best way to learn technical writing?
What would sections of a book that are larger than a chapter be called?
A tricky serial semi-colon
When to use the character&#39;s name and when to use she/he?
What are some good methods for framing the theme of a writing contest?
Source for literary terms?
How does one break into the field of professional writing?
How to objectively judge the storytelling in a writing contest?
Does anyone know the average number of times a new author has to submit before acceptance?
Citing in a paper: one citation for two paragraphs?
Does this writing create emotion in the reader? 
Legal ramifications for writing about fictional relationships with celebs
Are these fictional musings convincing or overwrought?
How long has the &quot;scene&quot; method been used for writing a novel?
How does joint authorship work?
Creating Shared Worlds
Using latin words in fantasy
Can a literary agent be hired?
How to distinguish if a novel is science fiction or fantasy?
How can I develop my ideas?
How to find an agent for a children&#39;s picture book? 
Which tense to use when writing a diary?
How do I approach writing an autobiography?
Writing a novel which has the same structure and a particular theme in each chapter
Is it safe to write about a fictional murder in a real-life location?
Deciding whether to use a dialogue tag or an action tag in a dialogue
How can a Russian writer get his work translated into English?
How to determine if a freelance writing website is reputable and provides assignments that are worthwhile?
Knowing When To Cite?
How can I reconcile the exposition of the three act scheme vs. starting out with a bang?
When to use the em dash (—) in fiction writing?
How much $ to calculate for an Editor
Websites that offer book/movie/story analyses useful for writers?
How to get over writer&#39;s block related to revising?
What existing platforms use crowdsourcing to develop creative writing and editing?
Is an anthology a valid NaNoWriMo entry?
Can I improve my beta reading skills to aid a close person&#39;s writings?
Does a Haiku needs to have exactly 17 syllables?
How applicable are screenwriting ideas to novels?
How can people doing technical, archane work be portrayed interestingly?
How many errors should I expect from a proofreader?
Using dashes in writing dialogue
Can you reprint screen shots of a game application or program without permission?
Converting Word pages to book pages, for novels?
What does a typical creative writing course look like?
Very long sentences: personal style or just bad writing?
Can a mock-magazine with fictitious content count legally as fan fiction?
How to keep the reader engaged in a novel where &quot;not much happens&quot;?
Are TOC and appendix part of total word count for books?
What is the proper way to use the pronoun &quot;I&quot; without too much repetition?
What is the difference between &quot;creative writing&quot; and &quot;fiction writing&quot;?
How to tell a story with the least amount of writing?
How are citations formatted in serious non-fiction (proposals)?
How can I prepare for a career in instruction writing and editing?
Putting a dialogue a tag before a quote
What is the role of editors in news media today?
Is it true that men (in general) can&#39;t write female first-person?
How can I express this fragment more clearly and concisely?
Proper use of the &quot;historical present tense&quot;
How to Create Barcode from ISBN Number
What&#39;s a good market for experimental novellas?
How to minimize language mistakes while writing
Effect of real world brands and/or places on story tone
Does submitting multiple pieces to professional magazines (and being turned down) hurt chances of later stories that may be better-written?
singular or plural for index entries
How can I consistently distinguish among tables, fields, and records in a database?
Should I write about how the character solved some riddle or let the reader solve it himself
Is it acceptable practice to use contractions in a fictional first person narrative for children?
Dealing with potential copyright issues: manga
Automated correction of google translated documents
PDF e-book page size and fonts
What are the advantages of different date formats in resumes and CVs?
Why Use Excessively Short Chapters?
How can I get my students to better integrate their sources into their writing?
Is it strange if a novel starts the first chapter without one of main characters?
Does writing in a certain mood change how a writer writes?
How do I organize a paragraph that lists several steps after an introduction?
Co-authoring, brainstorming but not writing
Offer to publish - should you accept or wait?
How to better describe &quot;jet-black (pitch-black) darkness&quot;?
Dream analysis research
Is it better to omit phrases like: after a moment, after a while, for a moment, etc?
Punctuating dialogue with oneself
Is it a bad idea to use a culture-specific word in the title of a story?
Opening a story with a reference to what someone just said followed by a setting description
Books for children: complexity
Referring to people in a book
Is the following analogy effective and clear?
How to find the plot to a message or theory
Can an expanded version of an article be considered an unpublished work?
Level of description in a story
How do I overcome my anxiety of writing again?
Does this passage break the rules of telling and not showing?
ISBN codes for privately sold books?
Is Sherlock Holmes public domain for use in a story?
Stupid Villain rather than Dark Lord
Using ACM style, how do I cite an article without a specific author&#39;s name?
Techniques for creating a bridge between protagonists from different generations
Is it better to have a deadline?
How to shorten meandering dialogue?
Is extraneous language appropriate in academic writing?
What symbols are used after difficult words in a text to refer a reader to a glossary for a definition?
Is there a known technique for giving your readers chills?
Should I use present or past tense when the narrator talks about an universal/most-often-true statement?
Should subsection headings sometimes repeat section headings?
Visualizing multiple word-based changes among many text files
Can I use real presidents (past and present) and real companies in a fictional story?
How to indicate emphasis in plain text manuscripts
How would an agent approach a debut piece written by two new authors (co-authors)
Do I need permission from people I am writing about if I am writing about a true story that was reported in the media?
How to retrieve the number of copies sold for a specific book?
How to handle a character when she is lying about her name
What gender do you think the narrator is?
How do I write for webcomics?
tools for writing scripts
Dripfeeding New Concepts to a Reader
Is having a specific town for a setting in a young-adult novel a bad thing?
How can I get a copyright for my e-book?
Is it good to publish a novel online for free?
Plain translation or cultural adaptation?
Where can I find examples of nonfiction book proposals?
Humor in a fantasy setting
What are good examples of backstory in natural dialogue?
Is it okay to mention a person&#39;s nationality and accent only once or twice in a story?
Are there straightforward instructions for MS WORD 2013 for numbering in different formats, yet maintaining a chronological count?
On the role of &quot;accidents&quot; in &quot;realistic&quot; stories
How to avoid formulaic fictional structures while still using tried and tested techniques?
How can I broaden my understanding of my characters?
Is it legal to use an old painting on the cover of a book?
Is there a great manual for technical and scientific writing?
What can I use instead of &quot;but&quot; and &quot;however&quot;?
Character development in a story?
Referencing the process of writing the novel as a part of the novel&#39;s plot
Why doesn&#39;t everyone publish public domain books?
How do I calculate wordcount for a manuscript?
Marking a chart that is not based on real data
Is my writing &#39;disjointed&#39;, and if so how can I fix it?
Does excessive use of prepositions make writing unclear?
Bullets vs. Numbering: which to use when?
How can I get permission to translate and republish a book?
Indicating a word choice you&#39;re unsure of
Does a writing medium exist which preserves reading order but also allows commenting and editing?
In a FAQ, should a question header take the form &quot;Why does blah blah?&quot; or &quot;Blah blah happens, Why?&quot; And why?
Starting a novel with internal dialogue?
When is a screen shot really useful in training documentation?
Tools for modelling near-future world
Is it considered ethical to accept payment from a business for reviewing a product or service?
A POV character who&#39;s a slave?
Why is distributing an audiobook so much more complicated than POD or eBooks?
How to write in a VERY thick notebook
there are considered to be only seven or so actual plots anyway?
Intensity scale for romance novels?
Is it legal to use a parental advisory on a book?
Is there a format I can save my poems in that will make the publisher unable to copy and paste?
Is there such a thing as the &quot;master copy&quot; of a book?
How do you visualize plot structure?
Sex: How much is too much?
Is it considered faulty language to use Spivak pronouns in an essay?
Is it acceptable to reuse chapters across multiple books?
What are some strategies for surprising the reader?
How to deal with two ISBN from two different countries?
How do I approach rewriting an entire user guide in an agile environment?
Can&#39;t write, can plan
What techniques can be used to describe a character&#39;s terror?
Is it unnecessary to mention that there is a silence in the following cases?
Where can I find a good online thesaurus?
How can I better promote my film review blog?
Resource for idioms
Capitalizing &quot;The&quot; in Title Case - Increases Engagement?
Do Decimals Bounded Between 0 and 1 (inclusive) Need a Leading Zero?
Is there a disadvantage to transcending genre?
Misleading facts in the About the Author section
Should I specify the time/date at the beginning of a scene?
Simple rules for separating paragraphs in books?
Do I risk losing reader if I put too many religious/anti-religious views?
If I get a free ISBN through Amazon&#39;s CreateSpace now, will that impact any decisions about getting my own ISBN later?
Why one sentence per paragraph in these news articles?
When to be specific and when to let context fill in the holes?
How to release a heavy revision to a series without upsetting readers?
Do you bold punctuation directly after bold text?
Word Clouds and Phrase Clouds
Is it necessary to add a.m./p.m. after the time?
Should my query lead with the detective, or with the crime?
Dealing with Extreme Distances - Space Travel
Commas at the beginning of a sentence: should I follow convention or intuition?
What is this &#39;pretend dialogue&#39; technique called
Is replacing &quot;this&quot; with &quot;a&quot; allowed in fiction?
Choosing a license for an open-source book
Software for keeping track of book edits?
Is there a way to know who bought my books on Amazon?
Compiling Articles in an ebook format
The etiquette of updating News Posts - Help please!
Is it possible to practice the craft of creative writing in isolation?
Children&#39;s Dialogue
Naming my character
How would my work being available online affect my chances of a book deal?
in English, is it necessary to capitalize after a colon?
How to deal with online comments to published pieces?
Including a deceased person in a dedication
In a dialogue, how do you write that a character says a letter?
simultaneous dialogues in novels and short fiction
Should I ever repeat the affiliation of a person?
Multiple sentences in a parenthetical phrase - How do I punctuate properly?
How to balance for readers who are not technologically literate
How do I write numbers in dialogue?
What techniques do you use to invent snappy turns of phrase?
How do you convince your publisher that your story is good?
What genre is my writing?
Which amount of side-story is acceptable?
original story climaxes - rules / guidelines for this?
Do multimedia-objects work well in electronical publishings of fictional writing?
What is the process for publishing academic papers?
What to do about noun clusters
What can I do to improve my concentration when reading?
Verb tense for technical document titles
What are good books on writing romance/erotica?
Which edition of Strunk &amp; White&#39;s The Elements of Style?
How does one go about writing &quot;official&quot; fanfiction?
Character with extreme manners
Personal Page - review request
What&#39;s a good program for tracking submissions?
Please help me improve this sentence...
How to improve this introductory paragraph (to fit writting standards and grab the reader&#39;s attention)?
Which version of these three lines is more likely to attract the interest of the reader ? (character&#39;s viewpoint vs omnicient narrator)
Are there any techniques to arrange or list ideas from a short text?
Put text between section and subsection headings?
Is this sentence ambiguous?
Does this sign-up email announcement sound friendly and conversational?
Do writers use highlighting to clarify ideas in their work in progress?
Is it possible that my short novel will be boring to my readers because it only has two characters and the location doesn&#39;t change?
LaTex + version control writing package
Writing a bibliography
What are the ingredients for a good book review?
Can I use &quot;We&quot; to refer to me and the reader?
Is this clearly expressed: &quot;The real power is information&quot;
Does Wiktionary supply what writers need in an online dictionary?
How much should I expect to charge someone for translation services?
What sites can I use to crowdsource my writing project?
Does this microfiction provide a slightly surreal sense when describing an ordinary scene?
Do we need a gap of time between drafts?
Writing an artist statement , not a thesis
What is the style used in ISO/IEC publications?
Disclaimer when writing about governmental entities
Where can I publicize a website I have developed for writers?
Formatting blog posts like the pros
Is it okay to quote a saying, even if i don&#39;t know who said it?
Can I ask CreateSpace to *not* add a barcode to my cover?
Italicizing and adding accents to Spanish words in an English novel.
Adding breaks in a novel—spaces, asterisks, or a chapter break?
Vancouver citation
Anybody know anything about examiner.com?
Using &quot;Ends.&quot; to indicate the end of a document
Is there anything like 99designs for text writing?
First publication rights still available on this?
What are examples of fiction books picked up by publishers after being self-published?
Multiple POVs in a single scene
What&#39;s a good writer community that mostly discusses self-publishing?
Which is a better composition?
On writing an essay, what are some good techniques to teach to schoolchildren?
Which English grammar should be followed when writing for a global audience?
Dropping articles in the title (of a article or a section) or in the caption (of a figure or a table)? What&#39;s the general rule?
How would one use punctuation to indicate tone changes?
A letter of recommendation
Email templates
First Person Voice - Same as speaking?
All persons fictitious - where to place it?
What&#39;s the best way to distinguish between co-authors?
What elements should be included in a story&#39;s setting?
What counts as a word when dealing with a word limit?
Can a likeable character be unsympathetic?
How do you manage all the different aspects of writing poetry?
How can this technical message be made clearer?
Minimum (realistic) word count of non-fiction book
Copywriting Course
Cheap ways a young person can get paper books printed/bound from their manuscript? (Please incl sample costs)
Does this snippet meander too much?
What is a log line, and why are they bad?
How to write English in Merlin (TV Series) style?
how to reference facsimile (Turabian style guidelines)
Does this beginning hook the reader?
How to associate my screenname with my books?
Replacing actually with a more formal alternative
What is this form of poetry called?
How to discover clich&#233;s
Picture-based Identification Dictionary
Dealing with personal trauma in writing
Is it okay to attempt to write in the style of another person, and how is that done well?
Attributives in dialogue
How do you use &quot;stardust&quot; in a sentence? Is there a better word to describe what I am trying to convey?
How to restart a novel(la)?
Questions on two sentences on a cover letter
Proof reading service
Software for instructional book
A tricky sentence to construct
How does copyright apply to the Q&amp;A sections of educational or textbooks?
LaTex vs. Word vs. etc
Are there good writing exercises for compressing expression?
How can I put something in book format without &quot;publishing&quot; it?
How can I describe the effect of building up a mental exposures?
File specifications for HTML folder --&gt; Kindle?
Indirect source quotations
Is a movie script more like a short story or a novel?
How could the surprise-villain thread have been less contrived in &quot;Harry Potter and the Philosopher&#39;s Stone&quot;?
Not knowing a character&#39;s name. Would this be frustrating for the reader?
&quot;The company from Redmond&quot; vs &quot;The Redmond company.&quot;
Do I need an LLC to self-publish a political book in Florida?
How do I express opinion informed by my beliefs without being hamfisted?
How best to handle revealing a main character&#39;s name midway through a long story in close-third person?
Color Scheme for Print and eBook
How do you estimate the length of your screenplay in screentime?
Is Patent text copyrighted?
How Important are essay writing conventions in the university level and above?
Literary criticism term for character espousing author&#39;s ideas?
How critical is selecting an imprint for a self-published book?
My story portrays a process, not a conflict - how do I make the process my focus?
Are contests an effective way to gauge the quality of your writing?
How to effectively jump from one period of time to another in a short story?
Is the opening of this story intriguing, &quot;dark&quot; and smooth?
In a &quot;learn to do X&quot; book, should a section review come before the quiz / exercises or after?
Abbreviation for &quot;figures&quot; in scientific papers
Should I use different pen names for different audiences (non-fiction)?
My first act is lengthy. And I cannot shorten it. Any Suggestions?
What sections of the frontmatter are listed in the table of contents?
Is it a bad idea to ground a fantasy world in earthy culture(s)?
How to separate scenes in a chapter?
Is it a bad idea to turn a short story into a full-length novel?
What resources will teach me about the state of the art in technical writing?
Book cover conventions
Do flashbacks break up short stories too much?
Should you specify camera action in a film script?
Synopsis - multiple POVs and time periods
What&#39;s the correct vocabulary for a web application tutorial?
Are contractions antithetical to academic writing? 
Path to publishing a technical book
How can I improve the effectiveness of my examples to grab the recruiters attention?
Adding dementia to writing
Getting a Manuscript Reviewed
Writing subjectively or objectively? (IELTS writing)
Is a chapter the equivalent of a sequence?
How to write time duration correctly
Headline method - How do I write The Economist-style headlines?
Differences in personal statements between American and UK universities?
Looking for some tips on how to improve writing
How to publish public domain books?
Creative Commons and / or Public Domain library
Various flavors for the action &quot;irritate someone&quot;?
Combatting Excessive Familiarity Of Writing
Is it a bad idea to vary the voice of the narrator in third person (limited omniscient)?
Troubles with unfamiliar locations and settings based in the real world
Should I embrace or avoid memes(pictures) when blogging?
Parts, books, volumes, etc
What software do you use for writing and then structuring a book?
What work better for the following piece of writing? Past or present tense?
How do I change a novel from first person to limited third person?
Is anybody aware of a good way I can determine whether or not something is public domain, or royalty free?
Multiple authors in MLA header
Self/vanity publishing a game manual
Flashback or dream as a means of hinting at more going on than meets the eye
How should I format a non fiction book with Scrivener?
Standardizing capitalization within a bibliography or footnotes when your sources have used different standards
How to cite multiple chapters from same book in Vancouver style?
How should we go from Stack Exchange Q/A to publishable PDF with the least hassle?
UK laws broken by piracy of novels
Not happy with format of self-published book. How to proceed?
Releases needed for picture books?
Critique wanted for a fantasy prologue
How can I sell articles about TV shows online?
Must one have a book cover designed before to publisher?
how to cite a dubbed TV series? APA 6th edition
Ways to speed up my writing to 15 - 20 pages a day
Critique a short essay
Which e-book formats to use to get a larger readership?
Best practice for stories based on other writers&#39; stories
What factors to consider when choosing an e-book platform?
Is dialogue in a novel necessary, or just padding?
How best to format a novel written in Markdown
Composing a single narrative by writing small chunks
Screenwriting: Help with paragraph length.
Is it correct to use verbs like &quot;sighed&quot; and &quot;laughed&quot; as dialogue tags?
How specific should I be when outlining the plot?
Creative writing use and abuse
Is the following allowed under the ungrammatical exceptions in fiction?
What is first electronic rights?
Does the country matter in a story if it is set in a real one?
What are the common editing requirements for a short story in an anthology?
How to become a productive/accomplished writer?
Looking for writer&#39;s platform
Units to use in travelogue-book (time, weight, temperature, distance, etc)
permission to use emails from famous deceased person
Should a piece of fiction be made of 100% concise writing?
Citing in a Magazine Article
How do I improve my knowledge of English well enough to write in it?
How to find a British agency that will publish a book in Russia?
Citing lecture notes
API reference doc: best practices for describing opaque parameters?
At what point can a story be considered &quot;erotic&quot;?
Legalities about fictionalizing current events
Em dash: space or no space between words
Hand gestures of &quot;Come on&quot; and other short words
How to make a intellectually disabled character believable?
Where could I get a sports fiction short story published?
Publisher field in Book Review when the book is obtained for free from the internet
Declaring short forms in an essay
Can Articy Draft be used to write a book?
costs of self-publishing photo book, coffeetable
How to structure an essay answer?
Where to publish Edgar Allan Poe style fiction short story?
Changing narrators
Pulling an idea through in spite of the need to correct details
What&#39;s a word for a person who took a very rough story and made it into a book?
Is it required to cite the original author, when the original author is unknown and in a foreign language and adapted by an oral narrator?
Can I use idioms in my personal statement?
How to format news, poems, text messages, and other kinds of written text?
Software to organise world building?
Question re asterisks in MS Word using Styles
Space Between Stanzas: Line Beaks or Paragraph Style?
How do I find a ghostwriter for a series of books?
In script writing, how to denote laughter in unison
Are collection of short stories more likely to sell than single short stories?
How to depict Australian characters
Structure of a good summary
Should I edit the first draft until I&#39;m totally satisfied or should I leave that to the third draft?
Where to put counter-examples within a 5-paragraph essay?
1st-person POV vs. 1st-person narration
Correcting common personal errors/typos
When mentioning two people in a sentence, what&#39;s the proper way to use a pronoun to reference the first?
Who can help me to describe the text line from my story in slow motion?
Promoting your books when you&#39;ve written under a pseudonym/pen name
Using emails in an autobiography
Exercises for improving 3rd person perspective writing
Should I switch to present tense when the narrator is talking about one of his habits?
How can I get my romance through a two-year breakup?
Elmore Leonard said Avoid Prologues... Why?
Do romances need to have a happy ending?
Is the following extended metaphor/group of metaphors too overwhelming?
Multiple Same Source Citations in the same Paragraph in MLA format?
Multiple Point of View characters in a short story
Conversation with Multiple Characters
Scrivener: Editing the source files
Perspective and Balance with Multiple Characters
Balancing character levity in a serious narrative
Is it bad idea to directly state the message/moral of a story?
Best way to write an article professionally
How do I find mistakes in grammar and style in my own writings?
Am I providing enough information to keep the reader gripped?
software to write book with lots of photos
1-Part vs 2-Part pilot scripts?
How to highlight a main character among several points of view?
What is a reasonable amount of time to spend writing a product overview?
Does the word &quot;Its&quot; get a capital in The Economist Style title case?
How can we make compiling release notes less chaotic?
What is the best way to cite an anonymous writer?
Standalone book, followed by series
tinyURL seen as risky by readers?
What does a character in a short story/novella/novel really do while &quot;soliloquizing&quot;?
Writing a short documentary about a medical clinic
Editor of a publication changed Press Release headline to the point the meaning changed, what can be done?
Is an Introduction and a Prologue good or bad, especially in middle grade fiction?
my first comedy plot draft is very bland. how far can I go on calling this out?
Should I have an introducing paragraph in every chapter of my description?
What is the best way to use your favorite authors as inspiration without plagiarism?
Overuse of &#39;I&#39; in a memoir
What closings can I use to convey friendship but not desire?
Types/Categories of rhyme?
Typography of page numbers
Is the following passage confusing?
Differences between script and screenplay
Is there a resource to help find the right connotative meaning?
Difference between an &#39;Abstract&#39; and an &#39;Introduction&#39; in a feature article?
Resource on archaic English
Quotes or no, for Hiccup
How to invoke my creative side without investing too much time?
Are headlines about lists superior in print as they are in web content?
How short can a poem be until it can no longer be a poem?
Should the word &quot;The&quot; be included in a label when labelling a character?
Legal and Social effect of story involving real life people
Should I highlight or downplay a character&#39;s quirk to make her seem more odd?
Are there agents or representatives who only specialize in book promotion and not distribution?
Is there and equivalent of ACX for people outside the US and the UK?
How do you write a character&#39;s internal monologue?
How to master literary American English as a second language?
Story-telling to improve writing skills?
How to Cite an Author Who Has a Pen Name
If not in the prologue/intro, where would a hook be?
Is there a standard for dealing with lyrics in dialogue and narration in creative writing?
What can I do to make my writing less choppy?
Is it OK to have two different POVs in a same paragraph (third-person omniscient narrator)?
Storyboard a Novel?
Are there any &quot;quantitative&quot; (computer) programs that measure plagiarism?
How to add difficult Web Citation?
How do I write a gory scene?
Is there a standard - tab versus blank line?
I would like to illustrate a poem
Referring to sign language in conversations
In Science Fiction, how does one do research, but write at the same time?
How to capitalize the first line of a paragraph using styles in OpenOffice?
Main male character description
How to handle speech within speech?
Is there a quality difference in purchased hardcovers?
Is this title suitable for a chapter section?
Do published authors have rights to use their own book cover images?
How do you know if you have too many words for the amount of pages you have written?
Does it confuse readers if a character name is similar to the name of an object?
Typical Fairy-tale Story Especially Princess Stories
When Is a Relationship Too Antagonistic?
Suggestions for revising style and cadence within a children&#39;s book
My Hero is captured, now what?
What are some creative memoir writing styles?
Tension built upon whether the main character will commit suicide or not. Problem: I&#39;m using first person narrative
Beginners can break rules too?
Scrivener customising the header and footer
Nonfiction: Need signed releases and/or pay subjects I am interviewing?
What is the difference between a complication/twist and a situation?
How does one break into journalism?
Revising a manuscript and resubmitting to same publisher?
What resources are there for finding ONLINE writing partners?
Alternate universe vs. historicity: how to set the threshold/expectations?
How can I capture the voice of an insane person?
Software for plot building across multiple books
Where can I find co-authors willing to share writing duties for a fiction novel?
Hiding information
Books on character development
Is there an online critique community for stories written in german?
Is it important to describe how the characters are dressed?
How to get permission for using software screenshots in book?
What&#39;s the difference between the American and the European style in essay writing?
What do &quot;p&quot; and &quot;pp&quot; mean in the context of an index?
How can i learn the name of a colour to use in a description?
How do you know when there&#39;s something missing in your story?
Writing an Ending: how to prune away the Wrong ones?
Is it OK to invent as I write, or should I plan the entire story first?
How do you effectively develop a plot when you have a proper back story?
Which skills should an editor have?
What is the Normal Process for Gathering Permissions for Quotation Collections
How important is a BISAC Category?
In modern writing is there a a significant difference between satire and parody?
Past tense vs present tense
Is there a systematic overview over the approaches of describing a physical object?
How to format Facebook chat in a novel?
What effect does the gender of the narrator have on a story?
Writing many entries/articles, storing them, and browsing them
Non-dialogue sections: single quotes or double quotes?
Is pantsless writing practical for NaNoWriMo?
What&#39;s the difference between Cut and Cut to?
Should I use ellipses or em dashes to denote pauses in speech?
Changing main character within a trilogy, is a good idea?
Where can one go to find police procedures
What is the benefit of writing formally?
Book Title Generator that takes input?
What is the benefit of using formal terms instead of informal ones?
What is the average cost of software for DITA authoring?
Where do you start researching something you know nothing about?
Editing: Those darn comma splices
How do I get publishers and agents to read my full book?
Writing nonfiction for mass audience
On using InDesign or Scribus
Is there any research about the efficacy of illustration and example placement in procedure writing?
What science fiction sub-genre is my novel?
Does Visual Appearance matter in blog writing
How/When to include twists when developing plot.
How to write a conversation
What are the copyright limitations for adopting a ficitonal character&#39;s name as your Pen Name?
Is there evidence for a categorical difference between British and American literary argument style?
How can I write in a way that encourages discussion?
When you submit a manuscript for a picture book, where do the pictures go?
Untranslated text with a work being translated
Do I format other works&#39; titles in my title?
How do I demonstrate ideological differences between characters who are politically not too different?
Repeating the appearance of the main character in every book
Name of a subsection and its parent section clash
How do you effectively denote a non-&quot;heading-ed&quot; transition into a concluding section?
How do I create the rest of the story when I only know the ending?
How to name characters of unspecific nationality and race?
Writing a PhD thesis. Question about (an informal) introduction
Description and speech in one paragraph?
Writing a scientific name in an italized phrase?
Stutter that changes words mid sentence
What is an APA-certified editor?
How should I translate this?
Spelling style in academic papers
Are there any useful guides to writing stories based in RPG universes/aimed at a role playing audience?
What is a &quot;Gather&quot; service for?
Suggest some arts schools for post-graduate in other field?
Do you use the word &quot;that&quot; too much?
Essay writing contests
How should be the format for literature references that are websites (URLs)?
Is translation work likely to help me develop my own writing abilities?
Where are the best places to promote tech books?
Writing your last will and testament
Is Strunk and White&#39;s &quot;The Elements&quot; full of &quot;stupid grammar advice?&quot;
What does &quot;Exposition and Ammunition – back story&quot; mean in screenwriting?
How to make easy and fast money selling a short book (which is available for download)?
Are there any free programs for screen writers
First conversation scenes I&#39;ve written (looking for errors, conventions, and improvements according to writting standards).
Asking for exam results
Critique of short essay
Please help me polish this paragraph.
What is a systematic way of using Roget’s Thesaurus of English Words and Phrases?
How could this paragraph of writing be improved
Should I write an abstract for a formal essay?
Feedback on sign-up email announcement
How credible is wikipedia?
Translation as the starting point of a new work of fiction
Indirect Narration Style
Help me rewrite this sentence
What Types of Jobs can a Writer find?
Quoting text from a country with different internationalization.
Best way to Write a Table of Contents for Awkward Pagination
Should Game Genre Types Be Capitalised?
Resources for thesis writing
Correct format when talking about money $$
Write a 1st person story with a 3rd person narrator
How do I check if an ISSN is properly registered at issn.org?
How can I improve the grammar of this paragraph about the role of internet?
Do all main characters require equal development?
Is character driven fiction more successful than plot driven fiction?
Does my story structure for an ensemble zombie story sound effective?
How it&#39;s better to format links to Internet in a text written on paper?
Can I sell a blog content database in a Creative Commons Attribution license?
Is there any tool which points out the common mistakes in a piece of writing?
Will the word &quot;seek&quot; be associated with the word &quot;sick&quot; if it is present in the title of my book?
A more specific type of &quot;nervous laughter&quot;
How do you write a formal email?
MLA format for a book summary
How should this ‘be going to’ be revised?
Is there a typical structure for non-fiction popular science books? If so, what is it?
When I&#39;m replying to emails, what&#39;s the best way to acknowledge that I appreciated each point of someone&#39;s email?
Using a town to symbolize/represent a character within a story (fiction)?
Vancouver system, citing multiple sentences from the same book
Which tense should I use when writing a post about a journey?
Is there a way to improve Endnote record consistency?
Characteristics of an &quot;example&quot; in essay writing
Sending a children&#39;s book manuscript to an agent or publisher with illustrations
What systems provide easy article submission for websites?
Software recommendations for magazine layout?
Author&#39;s notes: yay or nay?
Advice on interface text in a videogame
How much of my (first) novel should be completed before trying to find a publisher?
Press Kit proof-read in exchange for an app license?
List of figures and diagrams?
What is best way to accentuate the positive in an endorsement?
How could my friend publish his Steve Jobs biography?
Phrase suggestion on Xiosis Scribe 2011
Improving Ad Script
Is it acceptable for a book to not have a dominant lead character?
Substitutions for &#39;which&#39; and &#39;for which&#39; that maintain the sentence&#39;s meaning
What is the best way to introduce myself in a letter to a prospective graduate adviser?
What is the other way to say &quot;stay in touch&quot;?
Is this blog post clear and coherent?
How should I phrase &quot;requests&quot; to a higher-ranked individual in another department?
Why should I try to create realistic fantasy characters?
How much outlining should I use in writing my book?
How to reference data files, APA-style?
How to cover different perspectives/levels of thinking in one story?
Organization for epic fantasy writing
Organizing text snippets for creating different variants of a document (customized for the reader)
Is this a sound outline for an essay on &quot;Comparing a Song&#39;s Lyrics to Society&quot;?
Format + Editor for book writing
How much should I reveal about my book idea to a publishing house representative? 
How to use His/My/Your permutations in adressing persons
Article submission websites
When is it correct to capitalize terms/phrases in a personal statement?
Correct usage/explanation of ibid in referencing
What should I know to better decide which of my names to conceal/abbreviate/elaborate/modify/invent for signing my writing?
How do I formulate while writing?
How do I keep up with current written English language?
Is it ok to begin an essay/report with a quote?
APA (sixth edition) citation for the Fourth Assessment Report
Any good side-by-side editor for script translation?
How do you connect a non sequitur hook to a novel?
What is the business model for Creative Commons books?
I cannot determine my Protagonist&#39;s work-life. Any help?
Using Glossary Instead of Footnotes (for translation/transliteration)
Where to publish poems
How to cite two volumes in one (Turabian)
How can I revise these sentences to be more correct while still keeping the effect?
How can I cut my prep work to get to writing more quickly?
Does this passage convey an appropriate mix of seriousness and levity?
Is &quot;sparkle&quot; the correct word?
Style signatures and uncommon formatting patterns
My &quot;Bio&quot;. Is the language OK?
Is it acceptable for a tech book to consist of only 2 chapters?
MLA formatting for multiple in-text citations of the same soure
Does there have to be a difference when writing different genders?
Is self-publishing a good option?
How to write a book for a given reading level?
Petty Character
Can I use my own previously published magazine article in my own book
Are there any syllable-counting applications for poety writing?
Why are some words in screenplays set in all caps?
how to cite CD-ROM resources (Turabian)
Would it be weird if I write &quot;a simple sample something&quot;?
Self-contained software environment for authoring research papers
When to use single quotes in narrative writing?
Will 9/11 fiction get a writer into trouble with the US Government? 
When to start a new paragraph and when to start a new &quot;scene&quot;
Where in a CV should I mention a relevant but unpaid (volunteer) project?
How do I maintain flow and interest when handling numerous plot threads?
Is it OK to use a single parenthesis after each number in a list?
Can you change a punctuation mark when referencing a passage from a text?
What are &quot;industry leading royalties&quot;?
Should I switch to third person or continue in first person?
Is it a bad idea to linger too long on a first draft?
Opening paragraphs of a short story set in an aquarium
Issues with Scene/Sequel model
How do I stick to one story?
Where to get critiques?
How do I cite Google Public Data in my bibliography (APA format)?
How to publish my Research Publication
Copyright of screens/movie posters
Is it better to divide writing time for a &#39;many short times&#39; approach instead of &#39;one long session&#39;?
What determines a book&#39;s price?
How to know if the events in my novel are &#39;realistic enough&#39;?
What is the word for this effect - things are not normally noticed until those things come in to the news and people fear/are looking for them
Translation of my book &quot;Babymoves&quot; into Japanese
How do I write a relevant CV for submitting a manuscript to a literary agent?
Which language to use when writing a multinational story
In-Text Citations: Author-Date v.s. [Number]?
Email to request copy of paper
How to combine a visual and textual outline
How to represent dependencies in outlines
How can I freelance remotely for overseas advertising agencies as a writer? 
When citing information from a source do I need multiple citations for multiple ideas or sentences
How short is &quot;short monograph&quot;?
What is the &quot;three-asterisk-break&quot; section called?
Stick to in-text citation or use a mixture of both parenthetical and in-text?
Using abbreviations after in-text citations
Introducing the next sub-section or not?
How many short stories make a collection
Can a section have the same name as the chapter?
Is it a bad writing practice to start sentences with a verb?
Where to find editors to hire for tech blog?
Dealing with lackluster plot failure
How many different words are in the average novel?
How about a story as a series of anecdotes?
Can I use a different ISBN when publishing a co-authored book in two different countries?
Resource for generic plot hooks?
Gadgets that make the world/story broken
Is it worth reading book to learn more about topic of my story
Writing exercises to practice the art of giving unique voice to characters?
In what narrative mode should you explain a process or task?
How to quote something twice
Software to change American punctuation to British
Am i using &quot;he/she&quot; too often during action scenes?
Does inclusion of significant quotations from literature make a novel harder to publish?
How do I cite well known historical works?
Do different formats of the same book need to be registered separately?
Structure for computer science research paper
Are there any contests for teenage writers?
Best way to emphasise the greenness of the fields in spring in comparison with summer
For Kindle, are hard paragraph breaks that serious?
How is parallel construction viewed in literature?
Is a glossary needed in a novel?
Is it unusual for a flashback to have a very long dialogue?
Hooking the reader by omitting a piece of information
Does DRM affect copyright or the restrictions on distribution by the author?
Improving techniques independently: Description
Where can I find lists of commonly used words to avoid?
Essay critique: flow and how compelling it is
How to tell if my story is finished, or needs more?
Is there a reference for &quot;dumbing down&quot; material?
How to assure your plot isn&#39;t a carbon copy of another story?
How to cite a Terms of Service in APA style
When self publishing, are there benefits to making a company to represent your books? Is that then a publishing house?
How do I quote a song from Youtube? MLA format
Mashery vs. Apigee
How many words in 350 pages typed and double spaced?
APA: how to cite a translation of an old work in a compilation that has been reissued
HTML Formatting for ebook
What is the better job for an English major: copy-editor or editor in chief?
How do you keep up with all the ebook formats?
Is it appropriate to list my website as the publisher of my stories?
Separate paragraphs without line breaks
Does the following piece have too much dry narration (mundane tasks, moving about)?
Intervening Characters in fiction
About the Author description
An (Collaborative) Online Outline
Publishing price comparisons. Is it allowed?
What steps can be taken to avoid libel / copyright issues in social commentary?
Project Management Software Using Google Drive
Is there an alternative to the common genre-system for classifying books?
Metrics for assessing the persuasiveness of a paper?
Techniques for creating variety in prose
How much can I talk about other people&#39;s works?
How to decide whether or not to accept publishing offer for short story?
Is it possible to publish stories with experimental spacing technique? (aka, blank pages, etc.)
From Journal to first draft - most effective route to take?
Resources on Minimalist Style of Creative Writing
Tips for analysing character&#39;s role against the novel&#39;s general theme?
First person pov with more than one main chars
When to use semicolons and when to use em dashes?
Please suggest an exemplary book for professional writing
Figuring out when a book was printed
Writing an effective summary for a story
How to write in past tense?
Does a character have to define himself to be engaging?
Scrivener: marking multiple (non-adjacent) phrases in a manuscript with same footnote
Can several related short-stories make a good base to write a novel?
How to use creative commons materials?
Writer&#39;s Notebook
Concept map software that concentrates on ease of use?
&quot;Variation&quot; and &quot;symmetry&quot; in a sentence
What is a &quot;light novel&quot; and how does it differ from a novella?
Real, serious and based on personal experience idea, but no previous practice. Where to begin?
Punctuating Thoughts
Blog Contributions Copyright
Really Stuck: Writing Dialogue
Are there any cheap printing options for a small order?
Is repetition justified in the following piece?
What are these extra phrases added to the beginning of sentences called?
Choosing a word according to its length
What should I look for or look out for in a publishing deal?
Am I overusing the words &quot;started&quot; and &quot;began?&quot;
Looking for advice on citations and beginning a college essay
Create and using a custom version of a part of an existing mythology
Writing a punchy paragraph opening / beginning
Trouble with punctuation and style of a sentence
Worried that my opening is not gripping enough
Short story cover: &quot;a story&quot; or &quot;a short story&quot; or not putting anything at all
State the method of how random data are produced in scientific paper?
When to keep the passive voice and when to remove it
How should I execute this idea?
How do I evaluate an unwritten plot/story?
Procrastination on a Crucial Scene in my Book
In a thriller, should my famous cities be familiar, or fresh?
Where should I put a minor action within a piece of dialogue?
How to list concepts and tie them in together?
Criteria for a good screenplay
Should I use contractions on a non-fiction work?
What software applications are used for translating a book?
Inline Citations when Critiquing a Single Source (APA)
Rewriting an existing story (fable) to fit it within my fantasy universe
What is the difference between an ISBN and an ISBN Barcode?
Location description
Royalties and Monthly Sales Statements
Listing names with titles
How is my writing. Please review.?
How do I write a proper cover letter
Create and publish collection of public domain poems from 19th century
How can I make a person sound sick?
What does &quot;telling and not showing&quot; mean?
Is it possible to turn a cliche into something original?
Can i use the name of a real UK Prime Minister in a fictional Novel?
Dates and numbers in newspaper articles
How to create a document with a table of contents in Scrivener on Windows?
Does this opening relate to the message?
What non-WYSIWYG, non-proprietary alternatives to (La)TeX exist for the humanities, journalism, and other non-technical disciplines?
Can Google Docs be used for technical product documentation?
What are the tool choices for producing technical documentation in PDF and web site ready HTML?
Evoking happiness in a very short story
Rights over a fanfic character not in the original work?
How do you casually address a child in the Midwestern dialect?
Multiple characters without names: how to address
Can I use the same figure twice in a report?
How can I get myself writing again?
How to reference a figure from text in a technical document
Capitalization of personal event names
Attributing Quote to Fictional Characters (Who are based on real people)
Thesis writing: how to address &quot;self&quot;
Can a statement that is incorrect still characterize someone as wise?
Story resolution issue - A symbolic gift for two new friends
Resources: Dictionaries of Australian English
How do I claim the number of scholarly articles on a niche subject is relatively small without listing every single one of those citations?
Do novels that are set in not-so-famous countries sell less?
Present tense in user manuals
How do I search for tick marks not smart quotes in Word?
External folders in scrivener?
Capitals for menu items in narrative
I need advice regarding the use of real-world locations in a novel
Is Mine a Convincing Argument Concerning the Effects of Censorship?
Paying a bookstore to stock your self-published book
How does one avoid incomplete changes to documentation?
What are my options for free preview copies if I self publish via online services?
Do acknowledgements have to come after the table of contents?
When should I use italics in scientific writing?
Asking questions in the middle of a narrative
Is there a canonical sample screen play for reference as a speculative script?
Preventing units from being &quot;broken&quot; to the next line
Do the following scenes feel like flashbacks?
Learning to write flash fiction first?
How can you represent music in writing
Successful stories that don&#39;t follow the standard story template?
What are PoD options for a 5M Bible?
How to make the first lines of my novel attractive and hooking?
How to sift through all those illustrators?
Fiction Novels &amp; Active vs. Passive Voice
I want my coauthor to feel comfortable making changes to my work
Writing dialogue for a non-English speaker in English?
Am I using too many adjectives/adverbs in the following piece?
Delaying narrative/actions
Parenthesis Types in Fiction
Outliner (software) with annotations for OS X or browser based (but offline!)
Is there such a thing as a &quot;setting sketch&quot; for a science fiction writing?
Can a textbook contain heavy reference to other materials?
How can we have foreshadowing in a story that takes place in a universe where the future can&#39;t be known beforehand?
Switching from past to present tense to increase narrative speed?
Is there a complete guideline for which tense to use?
Where and how to publish new work
Tactician&#39;s Viewpoint and Contradictory Characterization
Jumping between points in time in narrative
Template for IT technical report?
Master&#39;s Thesis Structure: Separate-Page Chapters or Same-Page Sections?
What are the ethics of using real-world house addresses in historical fiction?
How far does libel extend in writing?
How to format a novel synopsis
Usage of metaphors
How long does it take publisher to respond to requested manuscript?
Is it a bad practice to add extra words/phrases just to add rhythm/make the text look smoother?
Non-Linear Storyline: Dynamic vs. Static chapter sequence
How do I cite or give credit to a statistic on a website?
How to handle multiple notebooks?
How do I cite a standalone quote at the beginning of a doctoral thesis?
What is the correct casing for a character&#39;s title?
Using true/real names and events in a fiction novel
Do the guidelines for clear style that we use today get in the way of rhythm?
Free or cheap way to lay out a concert program booklet?
Does this text flow smoothly (description of suicidal thoughts)?
Does this urge you to read further or stop?
Pulling the reader out of the narrative: When it&#39;s too much?
Is my opening chapter too short?
What&#39;s the best software for self-publishing?
How to describe a scene involving a shift in the environment due to forbidden magic?
How to deal with cliche dialogue?
Do publisher ever automatically reject unread stories
How to research and discover topic popularity and trends to determine topic selection for article writing?
Capitalization with compound nouns starting with a number
Is CreateSpace 100% free for self-publishing?
What software is good for writing a technical book?
Can I submit to an agent before permission to use quotations is finalized?
In Flare, how can we make atomic change groups in review?
Acknowledgements in translated editions
Quote a sentence with references
Tools for multiple creators/writers documentation without clouds
Why do page headers seldom include chapter/section numbers?
How to write a cover letter for The New Yorker fiction section?
How do you mention the same character with two very different descriptions?
Making characters multidimensional and unique. What can i do?
Are the following passages examples of tense change? Are they allowed in fiction writing?
Satirical prophecy
Improving the flow/rhythm of the following comparison
Writing &quot;X, Y, and Z&quot; vs &quot;X and Y and Z.&quot;
What are some rich but respectful ways to describe various skin colors?
Is it a bad habit to write &quot;something&quot; too much? If so, how to get rid of it?
How many pages long should a chapter book be?
What comes first: the hook or the rest?
Literary criticism handbook
Criteria used by acquisition editors (for Fiction or Non-Fiction)
Using citations in chapter headings?
Multiple Characters in one scene
Is repeating the action/verb in a metaphor a sign that is a bad one?
&quot;Its vs &quot;the&quot; when referring to an element belonging to the previous sentence
Referring to fictional version of an author in essay
Why am I getting so many words per page?
Citing and Quoting events in Games
How to develop a more regal language
Video game gameplay script
Can section headings in a paper be questions?
Can one feasibly sell an adult-content screenplay?
How to format the following dialogue without the parenthesis?
List of wars someone could be a part of, if they were born a certain date
Books on writing successful non-fiction
Omniscient POV vs deep 3rd person POV
How do I explain a lack of sufficient data in my essay?
Are &#39;how-to write fiction&#39; books full of it?
When to use normal caps and small caps in fiction?
Kindle Worlds Publishing Benefits, Statistics?
Do true publishers let you keep the copyright?
What is the voice called when the narrator is a secondary character?
What&#39;s the proper way to cite multiple interviews across a paper in Chicago Style?
What referencing style is this?
Should quotation marks for titles of short works be included as part of link text?
Is it correct to use acronyms in a bio or should I omit it?
How does one get Fanfiction &quot;Published&quot;?
How to build a train of thought across multiple paragraphs and pages?
A question about dialogue and paragraphs?
Is it a good writing practice to keep related elements as close as possible to each other?
Can a Canadian Publisher now legally publish original James Bond fiction?
What label to use in an article for a group of equations?
Do many people print e-books?
Show don&#39;t tell advice
Punctuation in a list
Name and Nickname
How much repetition is too much repetition?
How to keep going after a failed project?
How do I start using my heart over my head?
Quoting Song Lyrics or Naming a Song, Or Possibly Group/Singer
Citation anniversary editions
Do I have to pay royalties when I use research information?
Am I correctly punctuating this pause?
Omitting pronouns and possessive adjectives in fiction
Fantasy - chapter length
MLA: citing indirect sources w/o quoting
Note taking from a textbook and publishing the notes online
Writing in a character&#39;s voice. How deep should I go with immersion?
Is it OK to add chapters to slow down the pace of the story?
Creative writing exercises for engineers
Any advice on how to learn DITA for technical writing?
Humor in Writting
Rapid Cross-Scene Cuts in Screenplay/Script
Resource for someone better at editing than writing
What exactly is a copywriter?
Ending a PhD thesis by saying &quot;there is more to do&quot;
How can I structure a novel to contain short stories?
Does &quot;reversing&quot; characters provide enough of a &quot;disconnect &quot;to defend against a libel suit?
Am I making the writing too complex?
APA Citation on online documentation
Attributing a real quote to a fictional character
Proper way to punctuate an abrupt stopping of speech?
Quantity of Writing Needed to Find Representation For a TV Serial
Is Blogging considered a form of creative writing?
On mastering the art of writing descriptive passages on certain weather conditions
using a literary agent
Is the Microsoft Manual of Style appropriate for writing general IT related instructional documents?
Starting Out a Novel
How to structure a sentence containing long code examples?
How to search for similar works
How do I tell the story of a societal change using a discrete number of narrators?
Which one is the correct dialogue punctuation format?
How do you get paid for getting your book published?
Use of old ads in a book
How to choose a good/suitable pseudonym
How do you convey nonverbal utterances?
First-time author...can I publish in English in Mexico?
Chicago- Paraphrasing a whole page from Author into 1 paragraph- what is the citation?
Filter Words in Dialog
Using expletives in an essay
Capitalization of Open form Compound Words in Titles
Do publishers prefer a particular type of poem?
How to choose the title for a tales book?
Urban erotica and authors
Formula for a memoir
The Prophet: Part 1, Awakening .. Question about being &quot;Too condensed&quot;
How can I write poems in an attractable manner?
What are good dialog writing tips?
Rhetorical devices in Frankenstein
Critical review of blog post
Referencing a website in-text using Harvard style
What&#39;s your favorite keyboard?
&quot;...and the fire from the stove engulfed him&quot; or &quot;jumped on him&quot; or &quot;covered him&quot; or &quot;devoured him&quot; or what?
Looking for story that deliberately overused &quot;get&quot;
Write a resume objective that expresses my desire to hone and sharpen my skills
Is my essay on group learning clear and well-organized?
How to convey the fact that the person that I&#39;m talking to, is &quot;she&quot; but from the past?
Good report making software
Citing multiple quotes from a single novel
Do I need to write a bibliography?
Complimenting on solid structure with no major flaws
Does this convey that I recommend the anthology I&#39;m reviewing?
Why is this ‘loved’ italicized?
What free tools are there to help me improve my English?
Do I need to send an email to say thank you?
Which Pen Is Best For Writing/Signing Important Documents?
Is this description of my small productivity application clear enough?
It is unprofessional to use double exclamation marks and CAPS in a product or service?
What is the term for written expressions that lead to &quot;reading between the lines?&quot;
Citing classics in Bibliography
Help me to improve grammar of this question
What literary techniques are evident in this quote?
Please advise on this comma among semi-colons and provide a more concise sentence
Can I release material related to a work and maintain my rights before publishing?
Publishing Fantasy versus Realistic Fiction (multiple questions)
What is this citation style called?
What is the expression/common form to express that one will stay long term somewhere?
Does it look unprofessional to have my name and all the titles of my website in lower-case?
Is there anything wrong with saying &quot;Thanks&quot; several times in the same email? If not, how could I correct it?
Magazines taking submissions for short stories?
Writing a book on establishing Cash N Carry business?
What are jobs that prefer or require MFAs in Creative Writing?
What should you do if you need more than five heading when writing an APA paper?
Is it possible to figure out the ROI of an MFA?
How can I manage screen shots and other graphics for maintenance?
How can I express this more clearly or concisely?
How to fix awkward &quot;sufficiently... that...&quot; sentence structure?
How can I condense a description of a web designer/developer&#39;s work into a one-liner?
How can I improve my written communication skills the soonest?
How can I write dialog to express groveling?
Where would be a good place to start for a 15 yr old who wants to be a writer when she&#39;s older?
How do I sign a (formal) email?
How do I rewrite the following for a resume?
Quoting Films in an essay using MLA
Avoiding legal issues with plot similarities between my book and a movie in production
Quoting a song in an essay title
Does this essay demonstrate flow, clarity, and passion?
Ideal blog post size and frequency
Where can I find exercises to help me develop fictional writing techniques useful in narrative nonfiction?
Is it ok to begin an essay/report with a quote?
Are there alternatives to &#39;in such a way&#39;?
Using &quot;the reader&quot; or &quot;the readers&quot;
Scientific Citation
Return to section context after a subsection
Best dictaphone/transcription workflow?
copy right issue with using exact Text from a text book
Do these starting paragraphs make you want to keep reading?
Quality examples of &#39;in medias res&#39; starting sequences in SF literature
Is writing a light read or &quot;chick lit&quot; a good option for an aspiring literary fiction author?
What did Norman Mailer mean?
Advice on choice of epigram
How to express in a better way?
Regarding Professional Report
How do I appreciate a subject matter expert&#39;s expertise?
Numeral Citation Scripts
Can anyone direct me to writers&#39; resources on AI or robotic ethics?
Where should index and glossary appear in a report?
Help creating an ebook
ESL Writing How to quote article sentence?
How to improve/fix this short introductory paragraph and dialog?
How do I use my blog as a platform for practice and improvement?
Is the order of appendices according to their references fixed?
Avoiding &quot;and&quot; as a sentence structure
How do you get into screenwriting?
Is calling this process a &quot;convergence&quot; accurate and clear?
How to write a powerful but uncomplicated conference biography?
How to write polite deadline email?
Will this opening and dialogue grab the reader&#39;s attention? And how can I improve it?
Tips for describing features of unusual place that I often visit
Is it a bad idea to have all the action in the beginning and all the dialogue in the end?
Should I put colons with second-level titles?
Title Choice: &quot;The Girl [Without/Who Didn&#39;t Have] A Soul&quot;
Do I correctly utilize my naming adjective concept in this book?
How can a practical learner get up to speed on APA quickly?
Critique: three person dialogue
What is the name for the literary technique where the author writes him/herself into a book?
Do parentheses inhibit clarity?
Getting the first words down on paper
substitute for however
Parenthetical phrases within dialog
How well would this beginning sell the book to readers? Not necessarily for money
How to make out that my work doesn&#39;t require any more editing?
Is this dialogue and situation intriguing (short story)?
Citing the same source several times
The most natural paragraph
Finding an Textfile Ezine to Write For
What purpose does it serve to obscure the title of a TV show? 
What is the proper usage and etiquette for using press releases from an external source on a website?
Shared World licensing fees
Phonetic Dictionary
Quotes inside of Quotes inside of Quotes
Quoting characters&#39; writing
Where and how to give an overview of each chapter in scientific writing?
What is it called when the outcome of the plot is not told?
Cutting down on paragraph size
Is the following piece of text comprehensible and written in good style?
How do I start a business-presentation?
Faith, Hope and Love as the keys to victory in an action-adventure novel?
Common errors for a non-native English writer starting a blog in English?
Word Choice: When something negative happens that changes your perspective for the better
Starting Out - Plot + Charaters by Documentaries
Writing a very complex relationship
Is the ambiguity in my story the salt which makes it tasty or just plain frustrating?
Citing foreign language sources (Swedish) in MLA7 bibliography?
APA citation style - capitalization of titles
How to fix writer&#39;s thought muddledness?
combining sentences
Looking for a verb that means &quot;making something looks very simple by ignoring its complexity or details&quot;
Which fantasy worlds can be freely used in new work without a license?
Too much exposition in my full-length play: how to fix it?
Intellectual Property Rights &amp; Reuse of the Written Material
More concise words for &quot;Ask for help &amp; learn from others&quot;
Characters time spending: Are there any good limits for time spending on characters of secondary list?
Possible interactions of punctuation marks with the word &quot;however&quot; in a novel
Unsure of how to interpret this prompt
How much influence does blogging have on learning to write better?
Are the web audience who love microblogging and the book audience who love long stories different?
Find Information For Describing A Nuclear Power Plant
Are there rules for, or guidelines on, time gaps between a plot&#39;s scenes/chapters?
Suggest any good text editor for Mac for writing in multiple languages
What are my headlines lacking?
Workflow for writing and poetry contests
How to write to a famous author?
Chapter names: The various ways of implementing them and why should I care
Setting up for writing
Describe all corrections as clearly and unambiguously as possible
Page numbers on colour plates
Punctuation and capitalisation in poetry
What type of writing would this fall under?
What constitutes historical fantasy?
Which animal symbolises trade?
Is there a way to import a script from Celtx into Final Draft?
How to include photos in my Scrivener book?
Does this qualify as a prelude or prologue?
Hand wrote 200 page novel- how many typed pages is that?
What exactly is the &quot;five (consecutive) word&quot; plagiarism rule?
How likely is the &quot;five consecutive word rule&quot; to detect &quot;random,&quot; as opposed to intentional plagiarism?
What is an envelope line?
Using senses and similes in descriptions
The value of labeling book sections
To translate a novel with Westerner&#39;s point of view
Tenses I should use in a translated-novel
What is the smallest amount of text that can be plagiarized?
Multiple tasks and a step by step tutorial
Does this excerpt strike a balance between the formality of steampunk and accessible writing?
How should I begin my research for my Military Fiction?
How to elegantly convey the finer nuances of language in written form
Critique: Make excerpt more visual/flow better
Visual methods of plot development?
A comma followed by &quot;and&quot; rule
How to express concisely the circular concept of a beginning and future simultaneously?
Chopped sentences with too many conjunction, and repeating the subject again and again
Words for Sounds in Screenplay
My Reviews for Free Books?
Create automatic index from text document
Best Grammar checking software
How does one involve people in writing non-fiction?
The street is filled with cars and people
How to indicate that it is a single short story
An adjective relating to the circus?
What republication rights do I have?
Wait for the results of writing contest or try other means
When developing a stage play, whose gender matters more? The characters&#39; or the actors&#39;?
Where do I fit in the future of publishing?
Writing a newspaper article summary
where would be a good place to find writers for my staff?
How to avoid repetition
Is this stylized writing successful or gimmicky?
Using &quot;his/her&quot; vs using &quot;the&quot; to refer to objects in the character&#39;s home
Using the Minto Pyramid
Does this sound like someone at the end of their conflict with emotions? Please help
A short story, any comments?
Describing a character&#39;s panic and confusion
Using hyphen points
Who is the perfect rival to the right-person-wrong-time character in a love triangle?
Is it necessary to make clear &quot;when&quot; an event occur in a flashback?
Spanish writing website?
When to use contractions and when to use complete words?
Which sections to cover for my graduation thesis on BSS?
Is it common for flashbacks to not to follow a chronological order?
When writing a formal report should citations be used in the glossary?
Ebook Formatting for all platforms
Ways of presenting a metaphor/simile/analogy
Tone and directness in email
How to show that the current scene is a continuation of an earlier one?
Would it be annoying for the reader if the all the scenes alternate between &quot;present&quot; and flashback?
Making a female character sound more boyish/masculine
Is muteness appearing without explicit reason acceptable?
Shift in tense and starting a historical account with the present tense
Short story becomes too intense to pack into a few pages
Omitting &quot;that&quot; in fiction writing
Is it possible to establish a relation between word count and page count?
Does my poem convey the character of the (fictional) author well?
Should I use the words &quot;My grandma&quot; repetitively to start sentences in an essay?
Third Person Multiple POV in a single scene, how to refer each other if one character does not know the name of other character and vice versa
Should this introductory quotation be translated, untranslated, or dropped?
Where to find an infographic describing the components of a 5-paragraph essay?
Location of cites using APA style format
Ways to refers to two people who were about to marry or just married
How do I add more imagery to this short paragraph?
Is it okay to create a remote bibliography or works cited page?
Collaborating with Stephen King, but not the original
How to convey that the POV character *does not understand* what&#39;s said in dialogue?
What is the best way forward for a first time author with little cash?
Ways to replace the phrase &quot;after all?&quot;
What to do when you get stuck trying to connect sentences?
Book recommendations that feature the canadian north
What are good guidelines to follow when writing app reviews?
becoming better blogger when I write about diverse topics
Using pronoun in an essay: 2nd person or 3rd person?
Please help to improve the following sentence
What is the best marketing strategy for a novel and two short stories?
Traditional Publishing vs Ebooks
Am I adding too many unnecessary &quot;actions/descriptions&quot;?
Rhythm in a list
young age, youthful age?
How can I avoid word repetition in the following paragraph?
Writing simple short sentences first and connecting them later
Cutting down the length of a short story
What does one call author blurbs at the bottom of journalistic articles?
Is it a bad practice to end sentences with phrases like: &quot;...and went over to it&quot; or &quot;...and did X to it?&quot;
Would this be considered abstract writing?
How to format and where to place the &quot;thanks&quot; section for websites in a book?
What are best practices when writing technical descriptions?
What kind of rhythm should I use for these settings?
Capitalized opening lines
Order of references
A* paragraph on narrative writing and descriptive writing
What connotations do these character names confer?
Using quotes for sarcastic text
How should I handle this many characters?
Rhythm in the following passage
Proper way to punctuate &quot;oh so slow&quot;
Are these examples of tenses? Why do writers use the tenses that they do?
How to style a film or book title?
Should I get rid of short sentences that don&#39;t provide much information?
When it&#39;s forgivable to use &quot;suddenly&quot; and &quot;all of a sudden?&quot;
Do characters sound too similar if they use the same words/expressions?
Can you use a company&#39;s name as title for a short story?
Is an MLA citation needed for a broad description of a poem&#39;s theme?
How much time does it take to write a professional book?
Quality over SERPs (Search Engine Result Pages)
Writing Across Multiple Genres
If I am writing in the first person can I have the MC relive a scene as an observer and write it in the third person?
Should I avoid &quot;lecturing&quot; my readers?
Does a thematic quote qualify as an allusion?
&quot;No longer knowing&quot; vs &quot;without knowing...anymore.&quot;
how to make this thank quote sound more eloquent
Book recommendations for proofreaders
